Julie Winkler: Thank you, Terry. Despite challenging circumstances, we are continuing to see positive momentum in our global client engagement. Similar to last quarter, many of our clients continue to work from home, and our sales organization has excelled at their virtual outreach. During Q2, client engagement by our sales organization was up 66% versus the same period last year, and year-to-date sales activity is up 81%. We are actively engaging with clients via virtual meetings, webinars, online events, email communication and chat to support the execution of our sales and go-to-market strategy. Clients continue to express their appreciation for how highly responsive we have been, through the peak of the crisis, and our continued focus on delivering value added solutions across product lines. Clients in some areas are beginning to return to the office, which means we will take appropriate steps to adjust our coverage model where safe and appropriate. In Q2, we also saw an acceleration of our cross introduction and cross sell efforts to capitalize on the next acquisition. May represented a record high month with more than 300 cross introductions across our sales organization, which is more than the entire first quarter combined. A total of 500 cross introductions were made throughout Q2. Additionally, we reinvigorated campaign selling to help bring key products and services to market. We are seeing great success with those campaigns including the re-launch of our three year treasury product, which had more than 40 clients participating on day one of trading. Our active trader retail segment performance was strong in Q2, and year-to-date, ADV is up over 70%, driven by an overall increase in retail trading resulting from the lockdown. CME was well-positioned prior to these events and its product mix, particularly the E-Micros allowed it to take advantage of strong macro factors. Lastly, our market data business had a strong quarter. Through the first-half of 2020, consolidated revenue was up 3%. The CME market data professional subscribers count was solid due to increased subscriptions, as traders were migrating to work from home environment. We continue to see success with our data services strategy, which confirmed the value of our data to our global customer base. I will now turn things over to John.
Julie Winkler: Sure. Thank you, Dan. Yes. As mentioned, we had a great Q2 with consolidated revenue in the market data business of $135 million, which is up about 5% over the second quarter of 2019. And the majority of that was driven by those increased professional subscriber accounts. So, what has happened, right is that, in the work from home configuration, we're seeing modest demand in display devices. And, it's also just coupled with, other licensing that we're doing across the business. And so, we're continuing to closely consult with our data vendors and our clients to gather input. We have a really great channel partner base for our data distribution, which gives us really a wide range of very flexible ways to deliver our data and new products. As we kind of look at the outlook and what else we see, we still see increased need for our data in terms of automated trading solutions. And we also are seeing that in terms of using our data into product creation. So, that comes through as both non-display licensed revenue as well as derived data revenue. We are certainly focused on the NEX data integration, along with what we're doing on the Globex side, there also is a lot of NEX data that needs to be integrated, as well as continuing to create more flexible distribution channels in terms of what you saw us announced with our CME smart stream and other new products. So, this last quarter, we did the successful addition of the new 10 year treasury bond as well in our NEX data product. And that's just coupled with continued strength in our policy, our pricing, in our audit functions, and really making sure that our clients have that level playing field and access to our data, I think is contributing in, as well as the outlook for our market data business.
Julie Winkler: Sure. Thanks for the question, Chris. Yes, we are really making outstanding progress as we think about how we've been able to integrate the sales team to support cross selling. As we kind of expected, right, there was a natural dip in those cost reductions in late March and April, as really the sales reps were focused on supporting those clients through this unprecedented volatility. But now what we're seeing is those efforts are really accelerating at a record pace. So, when we look at Q2 and I mentioned it earlier, the 500 cross introductions, May was a new monthly high for us where we did 300 across our respective businesses. A little more insight on that, so nearly 70% of the cross introductions that have been made, have occurred for the transactional based businesses in Q2. The FX franchise is really a cornerstone of that and is at the forefront of the cross introduction efforts. So, that would be optimization or EBS or BrokerTec clients that are being referred into our futures and options our core business. And, kind of right after FX, the other introductions have been happening with EBS, as well as interest rates. So, for futures and options, as well as Traiana end market data. I'd say, the other probably standout client segment that we're seeing momentum with cross selling is for our commercial clientele. And that's really happening across EBS, as well as our optimization product suite. And so this is, really kind of based on the investment that we're making in our global sales force and providing them with the training and the tools that they need to effectively cross sell this holistic suite of products. So, still a little early days for specifics in terms of the revenue that those items are generating. Obviously, as we go into these clients going live with these products, we'll have more information on that. Thanks for the question. I'll turn it back to you, Terry.
Julie Winkler: Yes. Thanks, John, and thanks for the question Owen. We did introduce our first ESG report just a few weeks ago on our website, which talks a little bit more broadly about CME Group's ESG strategy. And a key part of that is definitely our product-related strategy and where the progress that we've been making in terms of cross functional ESG product committee has really been looking at those across our product suite. And we believe there's some great opportunities to adjust some of our existing products, as well as some new product introduction. And we are looking to get some of those rolled out before the balance of the year. There is a lot of interest from our client base, particularly in Europe, I would say a lot of investor interest. And that's been a key part of the success of our ESG 500 S&P index futures contracts. And we believe that that will also help drive some of the interest in these other benchmarks that we look to introduce later this year.
Julie Winkler: Yes. As you know, much of our international activity is driven by that active trader retail client segment. Equities and metals being products that were significantly transacted by those clients. And when we're looking across the space, Q2 was very strong in revenue for that segment. We saw over 130,000 new accounts coming into our market through that active trader segment, that was up more than 100% year-on-year. So obviously, the volatility is there, but also just this work from home and lockdown environment is really making that particular segment trade even more with us. I’d also just point out, as we think about those new customers, so over 50% of those new customers that I just spoke about, again, most of those being international, traded at least one of our four E-micro equity index products, and 20% of those new customers had only traded an e- micro. And so, we continue to see that being a great new client acquisition driver for us in terms of the product suite, and that we believe is also going to lend well to that E-micro options launch that we have coming up in Q3. Of those new clients that came in from over 166 different countries around the world, so while the U.S. was strong, as John pointed out as well as Taiwan, South Korea, Hong Kong, China. We're definitely seeing those countries and participants within those countries work, trade more with us, as well as the work that we're doing with our broker partners is really helping to drive some of those numbers. Hope that helps.
Julie Winkler: Sure. So, on the product mix with our active trader segment, you are correct there that we did see some declines, as Derek pointed out earlier, given the access on the brokers to that providing to clients for the WTI. We saw some declines year-to-date. We're still up on energy as well as up significantly with our equity index and our metals business, as well as FX and our Ag and interest rate is pretty flat. We've also seen a trend, particularly from our APAC clients of transitioning from WTI into Nat gas. And that is something that is definitely positive across the energy product mix for this segment. So, that's something that we are watching as well.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Julie. In the first-half of the year, in addition to navigating a challenging environment, we've been very active with the ongoing NEX integration. We remain on track to migrate from the legacy NEX trading systems to our Globex technology. We’ve recently announced to our clients the cutover dates for BrokerTec. BrokerTec EU clients will begin trading on November 16, and BrokerTec Americas trading will commence on December 7. With our progress and the integration, the remote working environment and our overall strong expense discipline, we finished the second quarter with adjusted operating expenses, excluding license fees of $380 million. We are extremely focused on actively managing our costs. Based on our outlook for expenses for the rest of the year, our guidance for adjusted operating expenses, excluding license fees for 2020 is being reduced from a range of $1.64 billion to $1.65 billion, to approximately $1,595 million. This level of spending reflects the reality of the current operating environment, and we would expect a higher level of spending next year, assuming the conditions improve from here. With that short summary, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Based on a number of analysts covering us, please limit yourself to one question and then feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thank you, Rich. Thanks for the question. In terms of the first-half versus the back-half of the year, we do expect to have some increase in costs in the back-half of the year. For example, in depreciation as we migrate on to Globex. And also, we're in the process of data center consolidation effort. And we have a build out of a data center in the New York, New Jersey area as part of the integration efforts that we're doing with NEX. Also, we do have plans for the back-half of the year, some opening of the some economies around the world where we would expect to see some more travel and marketing efforts, as those economies open up. So that is planned for sort of in the back-half of the year. If that doesn't happen, obviously we wouldn't expect those costs to come through. But in terms of our guidance, we did make some assumption that there would be a modest opening in Asia in particular, for example. In terms of our overall expense discipline, we are as a management team, very focused on our expenses for this year and in planning for next year. So, we have a laser like focus on our expenses, and we're, the entire organization is making sure that we spend every dollar as efficiently as we possibly could spend it.
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Thank you, Owen. This is John. In terms of the in terms of the Wells notice, that is something that we have been aware of. And that is something that does not impact our trading business at all. In any questions regarding the Wells notice at the S&P, Dow Jones JV should really be addressed to S&P Global. So, I'd encourage you to contact them to get more updates. In terms of the ESG products, we certainly are involved in developing products around ESG initiatives. We currently have a equity product on the S&P ESG. I'll turn it over to Julie, because she can talk a little bit about, some of the work that her research team is doing, regarding product development on the ESG space.
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Chris, this is John. Thank you for the question. In terms of our expense outlook, you're correct. It is early days to be able to provide you some guidance. We're all very hopeful that we can have the economies around the world open up safely. Should the environment improve? You'd see, for example, a higher level of travel and marketing spend and as we look to intensify our client outreach. So that would mean that our expenses might be higher than the low-single-digits, as we are growing off an artificially low base. When I say low-single-digits, that's really our core expense growth base -- growth rates. So, if you look over the last several years, our expense growth rate on the core side has been about 2.5% to 3%. As you can imagine, with sales and our in-person marketing has been really curtailed. The sales efforts in terms of travel and entertainment and marketing has really been curtailed during pandemic. And hopefully as the economies open up we'll see a more intensified in-person where we can experience for our clients. In terms of synergies, you're right. The bulk of the synergies, run rate synergy capture is in front of us. We targeted $50 million last year, we exceeded that target and hit $64 million. We're targeting a $110 million in run rate synergies for this year and we're well on our way to achieving that $110 million run rate. When you take a look at the amount of realized synergies that we have in our income statement in 2020, we anticipated that being approximately $15 million and we've been able to accelerate that realized synergies through $25 million and that was also something that was that we were able to use to help reduce our overall expense guidance for 2020. So really, when you think about our expense growth going into next year, similar to the model that we use this year, we've got a core expense growth rate of 2.5% to 3%. We would make any adjustments for any additional spending relative to coming out of the COVID. We would obviously reduce that for the amount of realized synergies in 2021, that we would get through the migration of EBS towards the back-half of 2021. So, we'd see synergy capture there. We’d also see a full year impact in the synergy capture when we migrate BrokerTec off the legacy platforms on to Globex. So the puts and takes are in general, core expense growth rate, any adjustments related to coming out of the COVID and that's going to be offset by our synergy capture, as we migrate off of the legacy NEX systems into our Globex platform. But, I mean, I think the long and short of it though is, that we as a management team are laser focused on our expenses going into this year and going into next year. This is something that we are going to have a strong eye on throughout the rest of this year, and as we planned for 2021. So, thank you. Thanks for the question Chris.
John Pietrowicz: Sure, thanks. Thanks, Terry. Thanks, Kyle. Thanks for your question. Yes, when you take a look at our non-operating income and expense portion of our income statement, sequentially, it's done about $15 million, and that’s made of primarily three items. One, you're correct. When you look at the returns we earn on cash held by clients at the clearing house, it came down. As we mentioned last quarter, the interest on excess reserves came down to about 10 basis points in the middle of March. And with that move, we adjusted our rates accordingly. That reduced our net returns from net 19 basis points in Q1 towards 4 basis points in Q2. That was partially offset by higher average cash balances, which more than doubled to $83 billion. So, that's what drove the sequential reduction. Now, we did have a higher investment returns from the 2 basis points to approximately 4 basis points. And that's because we were able to leverage some or some say leverage, but invest in a higher yielding instruments than that at the Fed. So, we were able to take advantage of some of that which allowed us to increase our yield from about 2 to 4. In terms of the other items in that section, we did see a reduction in the earnings from the JV of about $2 million. It's important to note that year-to-date, this line is up about 18.6% compared to last year, then we saw a small reduction in our corporate investing activities of about $1 million. In terms of our leverage, again, as I mentioned last quarter, we did hit our one times debt-to-EBITDA target, and we paid off the balance of $100 million in commercial paper this quarter. So, we have no commercial paper outstanding. So, that would impact our interest expense, which would roll into this line. In terms of activity going into this third quarter, when you take a look at the average so far in July, our average cash balance is about $71.5 billion, that compares to the average in Q2 of $83.1 billion. So, that’s your breakdown, Kyle.
John Pietrowicz: I would anticipate higher than the 2 basis points at this point. I don't have a forecast in terms of interest rates getting to the 4 basis points. But right now, I would say it's going to be higher than the 2.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thank you. Thanks, Terry. Yes. Thanks, Ken. So, in terms of our international activity, year-to-date it continues to outpace U.S. performance. For the quarter, our international business, face really tough comparables. As you know, Q2 of 2019 was a second highest quarter for international activity behind Q1 of this year. For the quarter, APAC grew about 1% year-over-year. Six out of our top 10 countries, including our top three of Singapore, Korea and Hong Kong were up. And four out of the top 10 were up double digits. Looking at EMEA, it was down about 11% year-over-year, but we did see as we saw five out of the top 10 countries there were up, and three of those top 10 countries were up double digits. And the Netherlands, which is our second largest country by volume was up triple digits. Now we did see some migration from the UK to the Netherlands in anticipation of Brexit, but we also saw very strong growth there as well. So, our overall international activity for the quarter was in line with full year 2019 ADV, which is a strong year for us in 2019. So, I'll turn it over to Julie in terms of the customer experience.
Sean Tully: Hi. Thanks very much for the question. A really good question. During the March timeframe, we saw a very high volatility in interest rates. And if we look more recently, in the month of July, we've seen unprecedented low volatility across the entire yield curve from our Eurodollar futures, all the way out to our ultra-bond futures. In fact, if you look at our eighth Eurodollar future, this is the lowest volatility we have seen since the inception of the contract in 1987. Nonetheless, the level of uncertainty in economic numbers have never been higher, when seen from the perspective of the range of possible outcomes for numbers, such as unemployment and GDP. While the Fed is currently doing everything possible to support the economy in the short run, and during the month of March and April bought as much as 300 billion a week worth of securities, and in fact, increased the size of its balance sheet from $4.2 trillion to $7.2 trillion or plus 29 -- sorry, or up $2.9 trillion in a period of just over three months, including the purchase of $1.7 trillion with our securities. Those actions obviously have dampened volatility tremendously. Nonetheless, if you look at what happened post the financial crisis, when the Federal Reserve between 2008 and 2014, purchased $3.6 trillion. They then later on proactively reduced the size of their balance sheet. In particular, they reduced the size of their balance sheet from $4.5 trillion to $3.7 trillion from January of 2018 to September of 2019, from which we did get additional volumes and volatility. If you look at the unprecedented deficit this year, estimated $3.7 trillion, now estimated potentially $2 trillion of deficit next year you're going to see the highest debt-to-GDP ratios, the U.S. government has seen certainly since World War II and possibly ever, and you’re going to see the highest levels of debt in the U.S. ever. If you look at the refunding announcements, so if you look at the refunding announcements we had and the quarterly refunding announcement by the U.S. Treasury in February, versus the quarterly refunding announcement that we had in May, the growth in coupon issuance was 24% by the U.S. government in order to address that huge debt and deficit need. Next week or the next August, the August quarterly refunding announcement, the growth in coupon securities, the growth in debt and deficits, once the Federal Reserve reduces its intervention in the market and once the pandemic recedes, the needs for hedging, the needs for our products will remain much, much larger I think than ever before in history. So yes, July is very low volatility. However, the unprecedented debts and deficits and issuance of coupon securities means that the risk that is going to need to be managed on a go forward basis, is going to be much larger than ever. I said earlier that, the Federal Reserve was buying as much as $300 billion plus a week in securities, it's now reduced that to $20 billion a week. So, we're already seeing significantly reduced activity by the Fed. I hope that helps.
Sean Tully: Yes, of course. Thanks very much, I greatly appreciate the question. We’re very excited as you know, innovation has been more momentous over the last several years. That has always been part of CME Group’s DNA. So, our innovation continues unabated and the results so far this year are extremely strong. If you look at the first-half of 2020, product launch since 2010, this is data that we frequently update for you. Anyway, the first-half of this year, we achieved 3.2 million contracts on ADV, a new product launch since 2010. You'll recall that last year those same products were just 2.1 million ADV. So, we’ve seen 52% growth year-over-year in the ADV of those products launch since 2010. In addition to that, in the first-half this year we earned a $193 million in revenues, likewise, annualized about 25% year-over-year. So, the innovation continues on an extremely strong basis across all of our asset classes, and it's definitely a driver of growth. The single greatest product launch in CME Group history as you will be aware by now is our Micro E-mini. The Micro E-minis have achieved 1.6 million contract of ADV so far this year. And if you look at the second quarter, they achieved 1.9 million. If you look at other -- actually in addition to that, we have recently announced on August 31, we will be launching micro options. So, these are the smaller options that are the option equivalent of the Micro E-mini futures, which we're very excited about relative to the very significant uptake that we've had in micros. If you look the micros, another thing regarding the micros that we've talked about through time is their RPC. When we launch a new product, we typically have higher incentives. So that net RPC is going to be lower. As you know in the second quarter of 2019, the RPC on the Micro E-mini was 6.8 times, we told you at the time that we would be reducing those incentives over time and that that RPC would increase. So, we're very happy to say that in that second quarter of 2020, they're about 12.5% for our Micro E-mini, so nearly double the RPC of a year ago. In addition to that, we recently launched the new three year Treasury future, relaunched the new three year Treasury futures. We did it as we always do in terms of having a product that delivers a lower total cost, with in fact, half of the minimum price increment of the previous contract that existed. We're very excited about our traction in the new three year future. On the first day of that contract, we had 40 participants, we had more than 50 participants in total. Since launch, as of today, we're achieving over 3,000 ADV a day. On the first day, we achieved more volume on Globex in that contract than we did in our ultra 10 year future. So, we are very excited about participants there from banks, asset managers, hedge funds, and about 5,500 contracts open interest, which shows that it's real end users that are trading the product. Now, that gets me back to the previous, I guess all-time great launch of CME Group history with the ultra-10 year future. I'm very happy to say that the ultra-10 year future even in this environment, the ADV is 262,000 a day, or up about 21% year-over-year, and it's open interest at 977,000 contracts, likewise up well over 20% year-over-year. So, we continue to see innovation, so during COVID we launched a very successful new three year Treasury. We've seen extremely strong growth in our Micro E-minis and products like our recently launched ultra 10 year continue to thrive. I might mention our silver futures, silver futures volumes are up 58% year-over-year, 45,000 contracts today. ADV we had a record open interest in March of 612,000 contracts. And again, huge growth with 3.2 million contracts a day in ADV from the financial unit coming this year from innovative new products. Thanks for the question.
Sean Tully: Yes, absolutely. So, as you mentioned, we are working very closely with DTCC on to creating benefits or working on increasing our benefits, and potentially it’s a cross margin between our treasury futures and cash treasury. Those benefits today for the handful of clients to take advantage of them typically at 20% or 30% worth of offsets. We do expect to get those offset percentages closer to 70% plus, once the agreements are finalized and approved by the regulators. We are working very closely with them on that. We don't have any announcements in that regard yet, though I would like to mention nonetheless, that in terms of delivering margin capital, total cost efficiencies to our customers, this is something we work on every day and we have several initiatives. So, for example, with the increased volatility this year as with -- therefore the significant increases in margins that are required in order to cover the more volatile products. We have seen a significant uptick in portfolio margining between our OTC swaps and our interest rate futures. We added seven new clients this year, so up to 55 clients, and two clients who had stopped using the service, have started using it once again. So this year, on average, we have achieved $5.4 billion worth of margin savings for our clients. And that's in all to an all-time record, new high in terms of the average for the year to-date. In addition to that, we are working hard. The clearinghouse is working hard on creating portfolio margining between our listed interest rate options and interest rate swaps as well. And that is another efficiency that we hope to launch in the next several months, which will also add a unique efficiency to the marketplace. So, yes, we're working on the efficiencies, the DTCC. We're getting greater traction in our portfolio margining against OTC swaps, and we're also looking to add portfolio margining against our listed interest rate options.
Sean Tully: Sure. It is a volatility, they're very different across the different markets. And you can see that in our volume numbers, right? So that's obviously volatility is something that is out of our control. The product innovation, interaction with clients, delivering additional value, that's all in our control and we do that every day. The volatility is outside of our control. As I said earlier, the month of July, all time record low volatilities across the curve, from Eurodollars all the way out to the ultra-bond. If you look at the eighth Eurodollar future, the last time we've seen something like this, not surprisingly, the month of July looks to me a lot like October of 2012. And if you think about it, as I said earlier, the Federal Reserve has intervened by buying $2.9 trillion worth of securities, so increasing their balance sheet by $2.9 trillion, right in a period of three or four months. That is almost as much intervention as they did during the entire financial crisis. During the entire financial crisis, their balance sheet grew by $2.9 trillion about $3.6 trillion. So they've already bought, almost as many securities as they did back then. So unprecedented speed and I think that’s why the July values look similar again to October 2012. In terms of innovation, we’re very excited about the three year treasury futures, that I mentioned earlier. We’re also very excited about growth that we’ve seen in our long end, with the additional coupons even with intervention by the Federal Reserve. If you look at, as I said earlier, the ADV the ultra-10 year up more than 20% year-over-year year, the bond future ADV, if you look at the full year, ADV is up 13%. And that's the bond future and the ultra-bond up about 16%. So, we continue to see more trading further up the curve. We had an email announcement out to our clients today, reminding them about the great news of our bond and ultra-bond futures in regards to the new 20 year issue. As you'll recall, during that May refunding, there was the announcement of the new 20 year bond by the U.S. Treasury. During the quarterly auction series the three months, the treasury did issue $50 billion worth of those bonds. And we have seen very good growth in our ultra-bond and our bond futures, where those are being used as a hedge against that new 20 year issued. If you look at, for example, inter commodity spreads, the single most popular inter commodity spread in our rate complex today is what we call the bond spread or bond versus ultra-bond. And this is specifically around that new 20 year issue i.e. the dynamics there. We're during the WI period when the new 20 year started trading, the new 20 year bond sits right at the center of the deliverable basket of our bonds future. And the marketplace chose that it would trade in WI as a spread to the cheapest to deliver to our ultra-bond futures. So, we are seeing increasing use of our products further out curve as the treasury is issuing more securities. We're constantly looking as well at things like lowered minimum price increments. So, you know that we had great success in lowering the minimum price increment on cash two year notes as well as two year note futures. You'll recall, we did that at the beginning of 2019, and we saw approximately extra 160,000 contracts a day additional volume in our two year note futures. That was one of the things that caused us to launch the new three year with a lower minimum price increment matching the minimum price increment on our two year and half of the minimum price increment that that contract had previously and again with a successful start. Whether it is in the cash treasury bond market where we now have BrokerTec, we are definitely looking there at the innovation, the possibility for lowered minimum price increments, and what we can do there. And I'll also answer your question with BrokerTec, we are moving on very well in terms of the migration of BrokerTec from the BrokerTec's existing platform today, over to our CME Globex. And, as John mentioned earlier, we do expect that cutover later this year. Next year, we will we will migrate EBS over to this platform over to Globex.
Sean Tully: Yes. I think that's a very good question. And I think your supposition is a good one. The challenge that we're facing is that the volatility we're seeing in July is in fact, lower than we saw in October of 2012, for example, which was the all-time low for the eighth Eurodollar future. So as I said earlier, the volatility in that eighth Eurodollar future, if you look at a continuous contract is in fact the lowest it's ever been since the launch of the product. So, I agree with your supposition, the volatility environment is more challenging now than it was in 2012 in fact, from that metric perspective. But again, with the unprecedented increase in the size of the deficits, as well as the unprecedented uncertainty around the unemployment numbers and the GDP numbers for example, I do believe that on a go forward basis, that there's going to be more hedging than ever before needed in the future, once the pandemic recedes.
Sean Tully: Yes. So, I haven't seen that actually, so if you -- but let me actually clarify that right. So, if you look at the central limit order book share of the dealer-to-dealer market, our market share over the last 12 months has actually increased. When we look at market share, we look at the dealer-to-dealer market. You may be looking at the dealer-to-customer market plus the dealer-to-dealer market, which we don't compete in the dealer-to-customer market, so that may be a difference there. We have seen a small drop in our share of the overall dealer-to-dealer market, and what I mean in that regard is, there is some traction in dealer-to-dealer space coming from relationship based trading platforms. On that front, we are working hard on a few things. First, we have launched BrokerTec stream, which is our BrokerTec dealer-to-dealer relationship based trading platform. And we are making progress on that front. We also look to enhance that technology, so we are investing in technology, that's already been planned, to improve that technology, so that becomes more competitive relative to alternative platforms. We also will offer unique benefits, because we have the most significant central limit order book in dealer-to-dealer space. I mean, once we have that better technology in the direct trading dealer-to-dealer space. So again, main message is, first, if you may be looking at the overall treasury market which would include dealer-to-customer which we don't compete in, dealer-to-customer has grown relative to dealer-to-dealer. Within the dealer-to-dealer space, our share of market in terms of central limit order books has actually grown over the last 12 months. If you look at the overall dealer-to-dealer market, it has receded by my calculations by about 5 percentage points, maybe 6. Again, relative to the direct trading platforms, and we are building our own and looking to grow. Thanks for the question.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Sean. Mike, thank you for your question. I was going to add him, but I think Sean hit all the high points. So, thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Why don't I go ahead and start and then Derek can talk a little bit about oil. What I don't believe the demise of oil is here just yet. So, I would say, Alex, that we've heard this before and then we saw prices either dropped precipitously or rise exponentially. So, every time someone comes out, any particular product or an asset class, it seems to move. So I would not just count it out just yet. There's still -- I think what we're seeing right now is there's so much uncertainty on the supply demand equation as it relates to the COVID, because it's not in one central location, it's around the world. So, I would not, again, count that asset class out as not being able to move up or down. And Derek can give you more color in just a second. But on the trading floor, I don't believe that not having the floor has impacted the trading business. As you know, we've been able when we've spent many of years with our technology, being able to replicate transactions that have been done historically on the trading floor. So, I don't see that as anything that's inhibited our business growth, especially as it relates to the Eurodollar contract. I think what John referenced is really the most important component of the fundamentals of the Eurodollar contract, which is the levels of volatility are at not just historic lows, but at contract lows since inception. That's a big statement that could have the impact. We are excited to have the floor come back. That being said, on August 10, as you referenced. So the business, as you know, is still roughly 50-50 as it relates to the floor and the screen. So we'll see if the participants when they come back, if they can be able to continue to facilitate that business in the world that we live in today. But we don't believe it's been impacted just by the foreclosure. So with that being said, I'll turn it over to John or to Derek.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you. Thank you all, I appreciate it very much. And I know the team does as well. We live in very interesting times and we truly believe that managing risk will be critically important as we continue to evolve, not only from COVID, but other issues that are affecting the entire world. For all the reasons that Sean and Derek and Julie and John explained, we will feel very optimistic about our position. We, as a team, I will tell you that we remain laser focused on innovation, client outreach, the things we talked about capital efficiencies, the integration of NEX. And I'll stress this again, we are laser focused on expense discipline, we will continue to be disciplined as we run this business on everyone's behalf. So, we thank you for your time this morning. We appreciate your questions. And we look forward to talking to you soon. And we wish you and your families all the health and safety. And thank you very much.
