Phupinder S. Gill: Sure Ken. This is Gill. The whole important connection here for the soft -- between the software that we've bought and CME Group's presence in Europe is the connectivity to the client base. This is the central mechanism in which most, if not all, clients trade energy products in Europe. So having connectivity to them in a real estate-constrained desk world is probably the most important point here. I think once you get the connectivity into the client and understanding the client needs, whether it's futures or OTC and/or any kind of clearing needs that they might have actually builds on an ecosystem that's already in place and building on it in a capital efficient way if you include the clearing mechanisms that are out there. And finally, I would say, one of the major principles of the innovative thrust that this firm has always been known for is to get ideas for that very innovation from a client base. And here, you're looking at a client base that includes all the players in the ecosystem, whether they're trading cash, futures or simply the options or any other products in the energy ecosystem. You're looking at a client base that has a fresh perspective on the types of products they might want us to look at, other types of instrument that they're looking to actually clear.
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure. In the first instance, the clients are going to trade what they're going to trade based on the needs that they have. If we had a fuller understanding of those needs, we will be able to do exactly as you say. Our first priority here though is to continue the business that we bought as is, figure out what some of the pain points our clients might have, relieve those pain points to the extent that they have any, and then having that connectivity will lead to some of the results that you referred to, yes.
Phupinder S. Gill: Rich, this is Gill. If I could just emphasize the point that Jamie made. I think if you look at the activity of CME Group over the last 5 years, in the face of an economic decline in the environment and of the regulatory changes that have essentially changed the business model for many of our clients and also changed the business approach for a company such as CME Group, we spent a lot of time investing in what those changes were going to be. We spent a lot of time investing in what we considered to be the continuing growth areas of CME Group, which are, to a large extent, outside of the U.S. And now the question for us, to Jamie's point is, how do we position the company for further growth from this point on? As Jamie said, we don't have much to share now, but the orientation that we are taking is no different than what we have over the last 5 years. I would say a lot of the investments are behind us, the positioning is now ahead of us.
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes. I think one of the most important things you can do from a client's perspective is to look at things from their point of view. And this is a point that we made on this call maybe a couple of calls ago. And that focus on the client and the client needs have yielded the tools that you are seeing. The use of these tools are actually, to some extent, new. In other instances, new to the client's world. So it actually brings an efficiency that up to this point in time, they did not have in the bilateral world. The use of the tool also provides them with a sense of what the efficiencies might actually be if they went through with the various stages of contemplation that some of the clients are in with respect to the use of the markets here at CME Group. So on an overall basis, the portfolio of tools that we provide to our client base has the net effect of increasing their participation in our marketplace, not just simply for futures and options, but the resulting efficiencies that will come about if they also include swaps or other OTC products that they might have.
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes, I'll start and then I'll ask anybody to add if they want to. If you look at the European landscape and, in particular, if you look at the regulatory environment there, it's still being -- for lack of a better term -- it's still taking shape with respect to when things are required to be cleared and when or if trading of OTC products would be required to come on online. As that environment shapes itself out over the course of the next few years, the opportunities that we have are essentially an open book with respect to what we see that clients might actually need. Currently, our plans, as we articulated in our talking point, is to expand through the other asset classes that we have, as well as looking for more products to list on the FX side. So we are taking a measured approach, but it is a growth strategy for us. The Trayport asset is part of that, too. And beyond Europe, this asset has the potential to expand our reach into Asia, where the FENICS tool is particularly strong.
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes. We've had -- I'll start, and then some of the guys here have a direct contact with some of the clients. But from the feedback that I got has been a very positive response from the client base because it's an open-access system as you pointed out. I didn't understand the monopoly point about Trayport that you made. It's open access. Everybody comes in, into it. That will not change. That business model is one that works. And most importantly, it works from the client's point of view. And I think, to the extent that, that does change, it impacts the client, and that would not be good for the client. It will not be good for anybody who makes that one change. What we want to do with this platform is not to change it in any way, shape or form. It's got -- as Terry pointed out, the business model is very successful. We intend to run it as is. If there are any changes, it will be in addition, adding products that customers need. And we think that, that's a model that works. I honestly don't see a monopoly point here. It's a nice word though.
Phupinder S. Gill: Right. But it's a facilitation of the trade. And it comes to a trade board, but it lands -- it's home is not necessarily there. It's a pass-through mechanism.
Phupinder S. Gill: I think to the extent it makes sense, that's a path that FENICS can actually take. I think FENICS and its connectivity to the very large Asian banks is actually a very solid foundation to build upon because from a trading perspective and an analytical perspective, the tool is very strong. How to expand that use over a broader client base, either by the mechanisms that you listed or also by the same mechanisms in which they are distributed now makes entirely a lot of sense to us, but ultimately, it would be driven by simply client demand.
Phupinder S. Gill: I think as a general rule, the portion of the FX market that is spot, whatever that percentage is, maybe half, maybe a little bit less than half, would be the so-called traditional market opportunity as you might see from a futures and options world. If you take the FX ecosystem into account and you take the Basel capital rules that are out there, and in spite of the fact that there are certain carveouts here and there, it may make sense to some of our client base to, for example, clear some of the foreign exchange products that they have that are not necessarily classified as spot now. So it might include forwards. It might include options. And as those opportunities continue to expand in relation to what capital efficiencies might actually be, then the so-called addressable market that you referred to either for trading or clearing or both will continue to expand. But it's, again, coming down to what do our clients need? So we're very focused and happy and focused across all the asset classes with respect to what our client needs are. So if you took Bryan's point into account as to where the trends are, how we sit vis–à–vis other cash platforms that are there, I think we are covering a good portion of the so-called current addressable market. But on a going-forward basis, that entire notional value stream that's out there, depending on the capital efficiencies client might achieve, and you're talking about a cleared environment becoming more of the norm rather than the exception, you might see more opportunities for companies such as ourselves that have a very solid open interest pool for foreign exchange.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. Those trends that we talked about in the past, they continue along the same path. I would say the interesting twist currently is the activity around the Shanghai Free-trade Zone. And CME Group was fortunate enough to participate last week, together with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce talking to the Chinese about various and some trade developments. And I think there are some opportunities that may come about for CME Group and other exchanges as a result of those chats. But the trend and the momentum continue to move in the right direction. There's a particular emphasis with respect to the free trade zone and the so-called internationalization of the R&D. And on that note, this is where the FENICS tools will become critically important as many of the largest Chinese banks already use that. And the opportunity to expand that tool as a risk management protocol for more and more clients will become very real for us, too.
Phupinder S. Gill: All right, thank you very much, guys. Up to this point and time of the day, we have done 5 million contracts. So it looks like the events of just yesterday are doing some remarkable results for us. Thank you very much for your participation, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks very much.
James E. Parisi: I think first off, and just to reiterate that our long-run margin expansion, right, is the focus of the management here and the employees here, so we're going to continue that investment on the growth side. But as you're pointing out, expense control is also very vital. Now as you laid out the various actions we've taken so far, I did that in the script. And for the long run, I'd say, we're going to continue to challenge all of our teams to find ways to run this fairly complex organization in an efficient way as possible. So we're going to continue, Rich, to look for ways to reduce that expense base where we can. But it's -- I'd say it's just a bit early at this point to determine exactly or lay out exactly how we would do that. But it will be tied to orienting the firm for growth and, along that, we'll be able to become as efficient as we can.
James E. Parisi: Rich, just -- I mean, just on that point, right? As you know, we've got a pretty fixed expense base. You've got some variable levers in there that will move with volume, whether it's the bonus or the license fees, but even those movements within a relevant range of volume movement aren't going to move all that much relative to the size of the expense base. That's the dilemma we are in when you have a company that has a high degree of operating leverage. So when you're in a low volatility environment like this, where volumes are going a little sideways, yes, that's a pain point for us, but it's also a great platform to have and work off of as volume starts to return to the business, and we start to grow again.
James E. Parisi: And I just want to underline. In some of the comments Gill had made earlier in his presentation, that we are performing well in Europe in Q2 relative to the rest of the business. While other European exchange volumes are -- have been low in Q2, we saw ours come in relatively better. And when you look at what we're generating out of Europe today, we're probably in the neighborhood of $400 million or so a year in revenues today coming out of Europe. So we're working off of a good, solid base with this investment.
James E. Parisi: Well, I think you saw how we handled the deal that we just did, right? Where it was mostly a stock transaction. There's a minimal amount of cash that we're going to have to utilize in that. And we've said all along that it's called an annual variable dividend for a reason. It's going to vary up and down because of activity at the exchange and because of investments that we may choose to make in any given year. So -- and you saw that even after we had announced it in -- I think it was 2012. I think the following year, we did the Kansas City Board of Trade acquisition for all cash. So we're not going to shy away from investments that makes sense. But our -- overall, I'd say that our philosophy around M&A hasn't really changed. We'll be opportunistic, but we also don't see any major M&A out in the future. So it's going to enable us to return quite a bit of cash to our shareholders.
James E. Parisi: Yes. Thank you, this is Jamie. The key there is going to be -- for this quarter, the member and nonmember mix. Remember, we have a highly differentiated fee structure where the liquidity providers are paying a very low fee and others are paying a significantly higher fee to use that liquidity. And so those who were paying the lower fee were a larger proportion of the business this year or this quarter, sorry, in total, and then also on interest rates and in energy as well. So that was a key driver on the rate side, and that will fluctuate up and down. And it was the same case, so if you look at the rolling 3 months from May to June in the interest rate side, Eurodollar. So there's a little bit of a product mix issue going on there where Eurodollars, which are a little lower fee then Treasuries, were a larger proportion in June than the month following out on that rolling 3 months. So it's really a mix factor here. It's not the underlying fee schedule that's having an impact.
James E. Parisi: I think it's worth just pointing out real quick, right? When we're talking about the spot market, we're talking measured in trillions. So the addressable market potential is measured in trillions. And today, we're trading less than $150 billion a day on exchange. So there's quite a bit of room for us to look for ways to solve the customers' problems.
James E. Parisi: I can start. As I said earlier, Rob, it's a fairly fixed cost base. So it's -- there's not any magic to trying to tie expenses to the volumes. And that is, you're right, it's painful during periods like this, but it's also a source of opportunity when volumes do start to pick up. And whenever we think about the expense base, we are very careful to think about the muscle that's here. And we want to be careful that we don't cut into muscle during a lull, and then have to go back and add that muscle back later and incur more cost in doing so. I think there's a great degree of talent here, and we want to make sure that we manage it appropriately.
James E. Parisi: On Trayport, generally, their revenues have been or roughly in the neighborhood of $80 million. Operating margins in the mid-40s. FENICS, there isn't any data that's publicly available on them, but I'll say that their revenues are significantly smaller. It's a smaller business. Their margins are probably in the mid-20s. They've both been growing fairly strongly, I'd say, over the last several years. And they've demonstrated growth yet again year-to-date this year. So I think that's about all we can say on that. And then on the JV, the JV has been performing at or above expectations for us. We're very pleased with how that's played out.
James E. Parisi: Sure, let me start. On the market data side, yes, we did put that price increase in this year and so far -- and we've also eliminated the waivers beginning in -- eliminated new waivers beginning in March of this year. We're going to start charging for the waived terminal next year at about 50% of the rack rate. And so what we've seen in Q1, prior -- or I'd say in the last couple of years, each quarter, we would see a 1% or 2% decrease in the number of terminals. In Q1, that was less than -- a bit less than 1%. And in Q2 this year, we did see a small decrease in terminals. It was less than 0.5%. Though I think our strategy is starting to work in terms of eliminating those new waivers. So people, when they're coming in and they want to use our data, they're going to have to use a paid terminal. So that's, I think, very positive for us. And to the extent that we were able to keep the terminals flat for the rest of the year, if there were no more attrition, it would probably be somewhere in the neighborhood of -- that fee increase that we put in the beginning of the year is probably around $50 million in revenue. That's if the terminals were to stay flat. On the other revenue, one of the key things to think about there is, we've sold a couple of buildings over the last couple of years. So we've had a decrease in the revenue from the buildings because we leased out space in those buildings. We had some other --- last year, we had a Hurricane Sandy insurance reimbursement that we don't have this year. And some other one-off sort of events like some development fees from some of our partners, where we're codeveloping software, et cetera. So those are some of the drivers on that longer-term trend you're seeing on the other revenue.
Bryan T. Durkin: Yes, just to reiterate what Terry said a little bit. The focus seems to be a bit more on the overall infrastructure. And I think people understand that technology is here to stay and innovation is here to stay, and so the focus has been a lot more on risk management protocols that either exist or don't exist in certain venues. And in the future side of the market, Terry and myself have reiterated how we've taken a leading action with regards to the automation of risk management protocols built-in to exchange's platforms, particularly ours. And we do everything in our power to get those points out there in the context of maintaining the integrity of the marketplace. And so I think you're going to see more and more of an emphasis on that aspect of the ecosystem.
Bryan T. Durkin: And I would add to that based on the diversity of products that we have, you're seeing an ice uptake, particularly in the interest rate equity arena. You're also seeing a nice uptake across asset managers, hedge funds and in particular areas, proprietary groups, based on just the diversity of product lines that we offer. So that goes to the efficacy of our sales efforts and penetration.
Bryan T. Durkin: I think part of it is that there's a really healthy macro crude supply trend that has evolved here in the U.S. And I do think that, that's had a bit of an impact in terms of the overall -- what you would expect from the impact of the geopolitical situation. There's also been other dynamics at stake here in the context of expectations for weather and where we are across the nation in the context of, it's a much cooler summer. And so, that's having a dampening effect in terms of prices. But I think a lot of these things are also positioning us for strength in the longer term because as infrastructure continues to evolve and there's development of new products and the utilization of new products in the context of liquefied natural gas and other components, it breeds opportunity for us to be out there and hopefully ahead of the game to respond to those changing dynamics. One of the things that we're excited to see is the performance of our natural gas volumes in general. And I think part of that has been through the introduction of our natural gas basis contracts about a year ago or so. By having that full complement of energy products, we have regained market share in that sector very specifically. And I think that, that's been due to the improved distribution with our CME Direct platform development, which is a screen that's being heavily used by natural gas participants, the broadened product offering, the full slate of natural gas basis contracts that we've introduced provides one-stop shopping for our trading environment. It's also been a beneficiary to our overall performance of our Henry Hub. 30% of the participants in our natural gas basis were primarily commercial. And some banks, I might add, have also increased their overall trading in natural gas, which is the Henry Hub contract.
Bryan T. Durkin: Well, a couple of things. I mean, we feel that we're very well positioned with our core FX business. It's -- well, we're dealing in a historically low volatility environment. If you take a look at, and you've alluded to this, our overall performance in contrast to the cash market. I mean, we're continuing to see that very positive and increasing trend. We've now captured, I think, 110% in the context of looking at our market share performance versus the cash market. As we continue to extend product offerings, and we've made the step to introduce foreign currencies in Europe, and that's where contracts in the context of the heavily traded stock market exists, we have positioned those products to trade in a very similar convention to how they're used to trading those products in the region. We've had -- while we were fairly slow to start with the introduction of the exchange, we're really happy with the pickup in volume. And we're seeing a 70% week-on-week increase in terms of that average trading volume. Now we're at about 2,500 contracts a week. Gill alluded to, we hit 3,200 contracts last week. We're seeing a nice increase in open interest. We also believe that the add-on of FENICS and bringing that into the mix provides a full complement of products and services to the overall foreign currency market, both from a futures and options perspective. The volume trend from yesterday was a positive indicator to us as well. I think you've been seeing that we've been trading in the range of 600,000 to 700,000 contracts. We exceeded 900,000 contracts yesterday. And I might add that yesterday was a very positive trend for the interest rate complex overall where we traded 18 million for almost 18,500,000 contracts. I think those indicators should be tied into some of the statements that Gill and Jamie and Terry alluded to earlier in terms of where the market thinks this whole situation with the Fed tightening is going to move and how soon that may move. So overall, I think the foreign currency positioning that we've undertaken is positive to further capture that market that you outlined.
Terrence A. Duffy: And just to add to this a little bit because it has been topical. I think when we look at volume incentives for our largest traders, they're available to everybody. And they are being a little misdirected with -- is their preferential pricing for high-frequency traders? What we do, do is give volume discounts to high traders. We don't give preferential trading or preferential pricing to high-frequency traders alone. It's open to everybody that participates at certain levels.
Terrence A. Duffy: If I could just add to that. I think one of the most important factors here is, the clients that are currently on Trayport will not be disrupted in any, which way, shape or form. This business is going to be continually run the way it's been running today, which is very successfully. And, and if the market changes from a regulatory standpoint, we will adjust with those conditions as they come up. But otherwise, this acquisition was acquired for us to get into the gas and power and other business throughout Europe under the current structure that Trayport operates today.
Terrence A. Duffy: And I'll just add to that. Maybe just give a little political viewpoint on it. It seems to me that I have never seen so many different situations going on around the world between Iraq, Iran, Israel, Palestine, the fighting in the Gaza Strip, the lives being lost.
Terrence A. Duffy: What happened in Russia and sanctions potentially being put on, not putting on. The head of -- the UN Ambassador saying things contrary to the President of the United States. I think these are all confusing signals to any energy trader, and I would be afraid a little bit right now to trade it also. I think we'll get more certainty on the geopolitical stuff, and that's when I think you'll see the volatility come back into the marketplace. So when Europe, especially Germany, who counts on 40% of their energy coming from Russia, will she proceed with sanctions on Putin? Well, he's yet to decide who's going to take responsibility for the Malaysian jet yet. So I think these -- until some of these answers come out and when they do, and they will, I think you'll start to see the volatility really increase dramatically. But right now, I don't think a trader has any clue which way it's going to go because of the mixed messages geopolitically.
