Phupinder S. Gill: Ms. Miller, this is Gill. I'll take a shot at it. I'm sure there will be a lot of folks who want to talk. But I think, ultimately, the idea behind us applying for approval of this rule was to make it as efficient as possible for our clients if they're going to clear a swap at CME, to not do any more work than they have to, and we report it directly to our own SDR. And like I said a short while ago, it's straight-through processing at its best. And in terms of monetizing the venture, that was not a priority for us. When we launched, operational efficiency was the main goal behind what we were doing.
Phupinder S. Gill: No, we are going to keep the official record of the swap that we clear and we have announced that we will not charge, at least for a while.
Phupinder S. Gill: Rich, I'll start, and I'll ask Bryan and Derek to join in here. This is one of the major focus areas for us. And what we have been seeing in the last quarter that has continued on through this last month has been an on-boarding of both clearing members, as well as accounts, as more and more accounts are testing and more and more accounts are putting positions on live for us. And so I think the mandate, the March 11 mandate, has been taken very seriously by everyone. And they are preparing for not just the March mandate, but the bigger push of clients coming into us will occur in June, and we are seeing a healthy mix of both of those sets of clients that are coming into us now.
Phupinder S. Gill: If I can just add before Jamie talks about the financial. I think we are the only exchange that has the value proposition for the capital efficiencies across all these asset classes that we have. I mentioned a short while ago that the cross margin savings that we have seen this very early stage has exceeded $1 billion up to this point in time. And so I think some of our client base is taking advantage of those capital efficiencies. It is the most capital-efficient solution anywhere out there among any of the exchanges or clearing houses that are providing this service.
Phupinder S. Gill: The service itself across margining has been rolled out. The issue at hand that we have is the preparation on the part of the firms that are offering it. So customers want it, customers want to receive it, and they've got several firms in the pipeline that will be in a position to offer full cross margining for their client base in less than a month.
Phupinder S. Gill: What we do a good job at is to articulate the features of the products that we have, and it's up to the clients themselves to pick the products that they want. And there was an interesting survey conducted by your bank, not too long ago, that actually articulated some of the needs that some of these folks had. So the very large guys who are being serviced by the banks and would probably be able to clear on day 1, they would be focusing on on-boarding their swaps. For some of the client base that may be left out of the first wave of clearing and still have risk management needs, they would probably be the ones that will be attracted to the deliverable swap futures in the first instance. Or there may be clients on both sides that would find an interesting need to cover some of their sub-risk and the deliverable swap futures might actually help, too. So for a variety of reasons, the product appeals to almost the entire client base.
Phupinder S. Gill: Dan, this is Gill. It doesn't change anything that we have shared with you in the prior months. Our strategy remains the same. The only caveat which I will repeat is that we will, as always, remain opportunistic. But for now, we do not see any large M&A opportunities.
Phupinder S. Gill: I'll ask Derek to comment. But because these dates have been widely known and the FCMs have been scrambling, I think they have resorted to choice where they are selecting their clients by waves. And for those clients that do believe that they may not get there in the first wave, there are alternatives that they look for, and that's one of the main drivers behind the development of the deliverable swap future contracts that we put out there. So I think, by and large, the awareness factor among the client base is extremely high. We have never seen a client base as prepared as they are now. Having said both of those things, there's going to be some lag, and how that lag is going to be treated by the clients themselves remains to be seen. They may shift firms. They may shift the product that they trade or they might just get on board.
Phupinder S. Gill: Hey, Chris, if I could add to what Derek just said. If you look at the products that we offer, right from the short end of the yield curve to the long end, it's safe to assume that many of our clients actually trade along that entire spectrum. And so to the extent that the volatility is very low in the short end, the product development effort that Mr. Sammann talks about that yielded us 300,000 contracts a day last year, and the actual client base itself hasn't shrunk, the things that they trade have shifted around. So they are trading along different parts of the yield curve and as the fundamentals that the fed has pegged -- like the unemployment rate that Bryan talked about a short while ago, should it drop below 7%, you'll start seeing activity across the entire spectrum of the yield curve. So the customers haven't gone away. They have moved on along the curve itself.
Phupinder S. Gill: I think I'll ask Derek to talk about it. I don't 100% visibility into what LCH is doing, but I can tell you a couple of things here. We are not sure how LCH would count what is a pure dealer-to-client volume versus what we might traditionally call D to D, when 2 banks deal with each other. On the other hand, I think more than 1/2 of the volume that they have put in there has been in the so-called OIS swaps, and we'll have that capability in a few short weeks here. And so that would put us back to par. The final point I will make there is the volume that's going through LCH is not translating into a substantial amount of open interest, which tells you there's a lot of high-frequency shops that are doing trading there or trying to offset their longs and shorts there. I think that would be at least a partial explanation as to why you might see some deferring numbers.
Phupinder S. Gill: Mr. Duffy can confirm this, but I think the law requires that the buy side picks where the trade clears.
Phupinder S. Gill: As you might imagine, the sell side, like any other good business, would share their opinions with their clients and it's up to the clients to decide what's in his or her best interest. And at the end of the day, ultimately, the client has, at least now, 23 FCMs to choose from and that number is growing. So it used to be a small number, like 10 or so, and that number has gone up a lot.
Phupinder S. Gill: That's not clear. I think up at the end of the day, Asia, as you know, is made up of a bunch of nationalistic societies, so different countries have different policies that are in place. And so it really depends and kind of really speak to what Saito-san was saying in the -- that you read about in the press. But I think that the -- CME's approach to doing business in Asia since 1984 has been an approach that has worked for us with the link that we put in with the Singapore Exchange. Having extended the relationships that the Korean Exchange, the Bursa Malaysia and, in time to come, others, many of the exchanges in China and the FCM in China entities that CME has a close relationship with. And I think for now, as many of these exchanges are trying to find their feet, it's the best approach for us at this time. And it allows us access to a client base and it allows these exchanges access to our technology, as well as some of the expertise that we may have, that they may need.
Phupinder S. Gill: Ken, this is Gill. I think the positive news on the cash side when you saw the net inflow of $3 billion or so that came into the equity market early this year is actually slightly an offset against the amount of money that left last year or, in fact, the last 1.5 years or 2. We are very enthusiastic about the prospects of the products that we have. But the extremely key indicator for volume pickup there is going to be volatility, both on the derivative side, as well as on the cash side. I would call a lot of the activity that has occurred in the last month more positioning than anything else at this time.
Phupinder S. Gill: No. Actually, it's exposure to exposure. So to the extent that you have nondollar exposure, as you're trying to offset against dollar exposure, you find the common currency give a haircut to that currency for risk management purposes and understanding the characteristic of the instrument that you're trying to cross margin, cross margining dollar versus nondollar exposure's equivalent to cross margining dollar versus dollar exposure. It's simply exposure on your books, you have to take different things into account.
Phupinder S. Gill: There's a minimum correlation threshold, that anything that is proposed to be cross margined has to cross, and that threshold is very high. Once you cross that threshold, the currency of denomination is actually irrelevant.
Phupinder S. Gill: They will be, I think, at least, initially I think I can't talk about -- or no one knows how the market might evolve with respect to execution facilities down the road. But the one thing that swaps have that deliverable swap futures by their design don't have is an extremely high level of customization and...
Phupinder S. Gill: I think the fee waiver portion of this has been in place for at least the past 12 years, Chris, so that is not going to be a driver of whether market data revenue goes up and down. I think Jamie hit the nail on the head with respect to what's going on there. It's just a normal and ordinary business cycle for us.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill, Ed. I think it's too early to say how the market might evolve. I think if you look at the asset classes on the futures side that we had and you look at the potential opportunity that exists for us not just in the rate side and the energy side, but potentially across all the asset classes and the significant need for capital efficiencies among our client base, I think I'm fairly optimistic about how the OTC swap marketplace might grow in either 1 of the 3 forums. But it's too early to tell when and it's too early to tell how.
Phupinder S. Gill: Ed, if I can add, these incentives are not extraordinary in any way, shape or form. They're just part and parcel of incentives that we would put out there for any kind of new product or service that we would put out there.
Terrence A. Duffy: It's Terry Duffy. I'll start for a second. As you know, we transitioned our ESF business on ClearPort to the smaller blocks in a very short period of time at the end of last year because of the CFTC mandate. While we did that, we had a few issues with CFTC because they were supposed to address the swaps -- the SEF rules before they were even supposed to get to these ESF rules, which they didn't. They went out in reverse order and kind of caught us a little off the curve, and our customers. So at the same time, now that we've transitioned to these smaller blocks, we have been working with the commission on a day-to-day basis to say that we need -- the market needs time to adjust and adapt to these new smaller block thresholds versus an ESF system. And for them to go and adjust block thresholds in the very near future could cause just as much harm as if they were not to give us the extents at the end of last year. So I do believe that the commission understands that and they don't want to be disruptive to the overall marketplace, and they will give us more time for -- to evaluate what the appropriate thresholds are for these block -- for these products. Again, I think we're talking about a handful of these products that are the majority of the revenue, so I don't think we're going to have any impact as it relates to that even if the blocks were changed.
Terrence A. Duffy: I'll start, and I'll let Jamie take over more on the revenue side. But I think from -- when we first put together our clearing offering for OTC, we did it for a whole host of different reasons. So obviously, to offer services that needed to be offered because of the new law, but also to help bolster and continually build on our existing core model, which is our futures trading, Rich. So I do think when we put this into place, it wasn't just for the revenue that we could derive from it, it was more to enhance our core business and offer the services that our clients would need. So I could let Jamie address the revenue, but I think we've addressed that in prior calls, what the cost of it is going to be to clear per million.
Terrence A. Duffy: Can I just put a little exclamation point -- and it's Terry Duffy. Over the last couple of years, as Dodd-Frank has evolved and working with the -- especially the big banks, they talked about how their operational readiness would take them years to get in -- to be in compliance. As they start to get put out, as Derek put forth, and we have a future meeting with these guys, they say how they can be operationally ready by tomorrow. So the point being is I think that no matter what you're hearing on the street, I think the readiness is a lot higher than what's being advertised.
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes, I was just going to emphasize, about your point, Gill. I think that's really what it's at, Niamh. But to say that we can just transition the entire OTC market into a listed futures market, I don't see that to be a possibility because of some of the customization that are with some of these products, the opaque nature that they trade. They're just going to have to trade as a swap and they're going to have to fall under the requirements of the 5-day, or if they're unclear, the 10-day requirements. And that's just the way it's going to have to be. So you will get some people that can get enough correlation between a swap and the future transitioning into futures because of the economic efficiencies associated with it. And I think that's what we're seeing today, and we'll continue to see more of that. But I don't see the overall market going away completely.
James E. Parisi: Rich, it's Jamie. Just from the financial perspective, remember that a good chunk of the expenses associated with us being able to perform this OTC clearing are already embedded in our expense base. So going forward, the revenue coming in is on the margin -- high margin revenue. And then the other thing to remember is it's very early in the game. Obviously, it's hard to pick out any trends as yet. If you look this past quarter, we generated about $2 million of OTC revenue from the straight swaps and CDS. And that came in at a lower rate than the past quarters because of that incentive program that we've got in place to attract some of those high turnover customers that we weren't necessarily targeting previously, so that's new business as well. So it's too early to give you any other information.
James E. Parisi: It's actually -- yes, Roger, it's no problem. It's actually -- what we did is we renewed our corporate facility this year and extended that out, and we also renewed the clearing house facility, which is a 364-day facility. In terms of the clearing house facility, we increased the amount of it from a $3 billion facility to a $5 billion facility. That was really to enable us to accommodate the potential for more and more collateral coming in, in the OTC -- in our OTC offering so we can provide liquidity in those cases where there's an issue in the clearing house, although we've never had to tap into these lines. And on the corporate side, we increased our line from roughly $1 billion to roughly $1.750 billion. Again, that was driven a lot by regulatory requirements and making sure that we had the requisite liquidity available to meet those requirements. So it was the increases in the amounts of the line that's really driving the increase year-over-year.
James E. Parisi: Yes, it's really driven by the existing footprint of participant's shrinking, in some cases, their individual footprints. Because remember, co-location was new for them, new for us a year ago. So I think people were being probably a little bit conservative in terms of the amount of space they wanted to take to make sure that they were covered for the coming year. And then obviously, last year wasn't the best of all years in terms of volumes and whatnot so I'm as people have pulled back a little bit. But in general, I would say that it's the same customer base. And going forward, we're going to look to drive more new customers there obviously. And as the markets recover, we would expect existing customers to grow their footprints back.
James E. Parisi: It's really -- it's very much tied to cash earnings. I'm not going -- I can't put any volume growth on it or revenue. I won't provide that sort of guidance. But the main driver that would push it down from the $1.25 billion to $1.23 billion would be bonus, and license fees, likely, with -- that are very much tied to our volumes.
James E. Parisi: And then on the energy side, we're seeing good trends as well in the context of both our crude -- particularly our crude oil complex, and a lot of that is driven by the increasing production that we're seeing in North America. As you're well aware, we talked quite a bit over the past year or so about the infrastructure changes and the investments that are being made in North America. And with the activities of the reversal of the Seaway pipeline and other infrastructure investments that are underway and extending pipelines to the Gulf in addition to the expansion of rail transport to the East Coast, this is increasing the production capabilities, opening up the flows of business and making it waterborne for our crude complex. We are seeing positive trends in the context of the narrowing of the spread and uptake in volume. And if you look at that, over the last course of the last several days, it's weighing in positive for that marketplace. In the context of equities, we feel that the volume and participation trends will get better when the VIX picks up off of its 5-year lows. And we're seeing indicators to that direction, as well as unemployment improving will be good for our rates complex and products overall.
James E. Parisi: Yes, this is Jamie. I'd say, if you look at our -- obviously, the futures contracts, we have the stated rate card out there. On the deliverable swap futures, the rate is very similar to our treasury contracts. And then on the interest rate swaps, for most customers, the average is going to be in the $5 to $6 per million range. Now you can normalize all of that, when you think about having to do strips of our base futures contracts, for example, to equal a swaps contract or a swap OTC contract, so we try to take all that into consideration, as well as rolls and that sort of thing.
James E. Parisi: Sure. Our minimum cash target for the balance sheet hasn't changed. It's $700 million is what we're looking to hold. Now over time, as capital requirements evolve, that may be impacted somewhat but I don't see it being impacted in a very significant way.
James E. Parisi: I can start, and then maybe some of my colleagues can jump in. But if you look over the longer term, I'd say over -- if you look at our peak terminals in -- back in 2008, we're down over 20% versus that peak. So in that, I do really feel that the key driver there is you just keep seeing the headlines every quarter about more and more layoffs on the street and certainly they are very large users of that service. You do hit on another area that we're thinking hard about is that we do today provide fee waiver on our Globex terminals for market data.
James E. Parisi: Ed, this is Jamie. It's just -- for us, it's just too early to tell. It's way too early in the game to judge when -- to judge how that will play out. And it may be that we need those incentives for a particular type of customer for a very long period of time because that's -- it's reflective of the type of business that they do. They're not -- the incentives that are in place today in the interest swaps arena are for high turnover customers, so they're not putting on positions and holding in the clearing house for a very long period of time. So it's not real taxing to the clearing house for each particular trade.
James E. Parisi: Yes, that's -- we did some preparing last year in terms of infrastructure. And as the demand pulls, we'll revisit it.
Derek Sammann: Yes, and I think -- this is Derek. Adding to that, I mean, the bulk of the focus right now for the FCMs is just getting the firms connected, getting these guys in place, making sure the flows work across the board. We've had some impact and some uptake so far on the house margin side that Gill mentioned before. We expect that will be coming over the coming months, so we're prepping for it. The FCMs had a lot of work just to onboard the core clients, and then the next focus from thereon will be the cross margining.
Derek Sammann: And Alex, I'll jumped in there. It's Derek again. To the extent that you asked how we're engaging our clients, we're engaging them from multiple levels. As we walk into clients talking about solutions and customer choice, to Gill's point, we can provide clearing solutions for them. We can offer them our existing deep pools of liquidity, our treasuries and Eurodollar complex. We can offer them now these hybrid solutions with deliverable swap future, and as we find often times that we rarely have a conversation about any one of those things in isolation. As soon as you talk about clearing, we say, "Well, if that doesn't suit you because that's a complex set of events that need to happen in relatively short order, let us tell you about the operational or capital efficiencies of our futures pool and let us tell you about this new product out there that maybe you've heard something about." So we're engaging them directly from our clearing house sales level, our clearing solutions level. We're engaging the clearing firms and their sales forces to educate their clients on the impact of their business, and we're also engaging some of the research folks at some of the banks to provide trading opportunities and just a level of education that get people comfortable with this pretty significant market structure shift that kicks off in March.
Derek Sammann: Sure, it's Derek. I'll give you a quick highlight from the financial side. I mean, from the rates perspective, I think you probably saw all the action in our rates markets over the last week, with the pretty significant volumes that we saw going into last week and through nonfarm payrolls on Friday. We saw a couple of records hit, particularly in the treasury options. We saw an overall record in treasury options, which is a record that stood since 2007, just a shade under 1.2 million contracts. And interesting to note there, that about 70% of those -- of that option record was actually in puts, indicating that are starting to be building positions for what might likely be a change in the rates environment there. So very healthy growth over the course of last week. On the Eurodollar side, we've talked about the challenge in the front end of the curve. In the store complex, we've seen a nice build in our open interest since the December expiration in Eurodollar. That's up about 43% through yesterday at about 12.5 million, 13 million contracts, so we're seeing that build nicely. And that really was coming through last week, and that's built relatively quickly. On the FX side, you've heard Gill talk about some pretty significant moves in the FX market. The one area I'd point to there is probably in the yen. I think as folks are probably aware that dollar-yen has been pegged around that JPY 78 to JPY 80 level for about 2 years now with the Central Bank intervening. We've seen that reverse dramatically with some moves by the Japanese government, and the dollar-yen level has gone up to about JPY 90 to the dollar. That is directly linked to our 160% increase in yen volumes and the record level in yen options. So on the financial side, we're seeing sort of global recovery story and some rates expectations moves built into some of the volumes we've seen. Good healthy growth across our client segments, and we've seen open interest in large open interest holders impacted positively as well. So from the financial side, those are some of some the things we're seeing in these last couple of weeks, first few weeks of 2013.
Derek Sammann: Yes, and this is Derek. I'd echo that. I mean, to the extent that these dates really were kicked off in August last year when we knew that, that started the clock for this March deadline, remembering that the clients are coming into the mandate in category 1, 2, 3 and 4, each of through Q1, Q4 of 2013, what we see is, depending on what numbers you would believe, 15%, 20% of clients right now are already actively clearing, but a significant chunk outside of that are in active preparations based on where they believe they fall into which category. What we have heard definitively is that many of the customers are really following the lead from their dealers, knowing the dealers are the category 1 clearing entities caught on the mandate. So therefore, they're looking for a lot of guidance from not only their dealers and their clearing firms, but from us as well. So we've put a lot of effort into not only supporting the end-user client directly connecting, but also working with our clearing firms to provide the extra resource to them. So we're seeing a significant increase in engagement. We've talked about the pipeline of client clearing firms that have been connected to us, so we're seeing a lot of focus and, I think, a lot of core focus by the clearing firms to cater to all of these firms.
Derek Sammann: Yes, it's a little difficult to answer that one. I wish I had a crystal ball in front of me. I mean, what you've heard us tell you before and the actions you've seen us take have been to invest in products across our curve to build into the parts of the curve where there is volatility and where there is uncertainty. That was our big push into the Ultra Bond to give a very far end of the curve solutions when you found that the long bond was not tracking to its true 30-year risk. And you saw through that, the weekly treasury options, short-term volatility and then the mid-curves and the Eurodollar curve. What we don't know -- and I can't answer the question: How many folks are no longer hedging? What we do know is that issuance and the plans for what we think growth in underlying cash markets are going to be driving a very significant increase in demand for the products we have now. The breadth of our product scope now versus what we had 3 years ago, significantly larger and more diverse. And you add to that the fact that 300,000 of our rates ADV last year came from products we've launched in the last 2 years. More importantly, 12% of our interest rate open interest emanates from those products. It tells you kind of how we're positioned for return of volatility, I think.
Derek Sammann: Yes, I think you are kind of comparing apples to oranges to the extent that you've got different definitions of what constitutes a client, and then the D to C equation there. But I think to the extent that the parity of portfolio clearing service capabilities between LCH and CME is, as Gill mentioned, one thing that we're working on, on those short-dated OIS swaps is a big chunk of that turnover, by definition, very short term. So when we think about what the opportunities, what the value proposition is, the first point of order for most of these guys is getting a curve solution in place and then looking at the capital margin efficiencies. And that's, as you've heard us say and the point of your question, a significant driver of choice over time. So as we look at and are able to grow and expand our open interest and our pools of offsetting liquidity and where customers can clear all 3 of those choices of products, we think we've got a compelling long-term solution for our global client base. Also worth noting that we will be bringing out our interest rate swaps clearing capabilities in Europe this year, and we're very close to doing that as well. So we're talking about globalizing our footprint in the clearing solutions side as well.
Derek Sammann: Yes, the VIX is still close to 5-year lows right now. And if you actually track a little the correlation between volumes and volatility, it's pretty closely knit. It is interesting, we have heard over the last couple of weeks some more calls for potential sector rotation at a fixed income into equities. Certainly, that would be something that we would welcome. We think that would indicate a shift in positive trends for each of us. But we have been following the flows back into equity funds, but we'll see if that has any impact on the volatility. That will be an additional driver to look at.
Derek Sammann: Yes. And if there's going to be -- to that point, as from our energy's complex, even between our, say, metals and foreign exchange, we actually do have some margin reductions for people who want to trade that as a spread, say, Aussie dollar against gold. There's a correlation on the clearing [ph] the clearing house allows for some margin reduction there. It's all risk-based. So to the extent that they run correlations and back test and make sure they've got an ability to risk manage that appropriately, that's the basis upon which cross margining happens.
Derek Sammann: Yes, and I was going to jump on that. I mean, what you see a large percentage of our contracts get rolled. So not only is there the execution at the outset, but then there's a roll process. And then some of the cleared swaps price, we had accounted for that with different upfront fees. So you need to think about how long these are going to stay on their books. The standard rate swap is a 5 to 7 year, so just that is the difference in the terms of having an economics hit.
Derek Sammann: Well, I think it's a couple of things and remembering that March 11 is not a big thing. We're going to phase-in clients every quarter from March all the way through to December of this year. And the Phase Is, for the most part of it, are the biggest, largest entities out there, some of the dealers and maybe some of the biggest hedge funds. And then you'd be phasing clients behind that. So there have been a lot of folks that, once the news came down in August, said all right I've got a date to work towards but they're looking to their clearing firm to give them guidance as to where and how they should expedite their process for readiness. And as Gill has mentioned before, a lot of work is being done right now by us, by our clearing house folks, by our sales folks, engaging both the clients, as well as the clearing firms for readiness on both sides. There are reports out there indicating different levels of readiness across the client base. A year ago, you would have seen a very, very low level of preparation. But now that we're really looking at the kick-off date in March, we're seeing probably close to 75% of the folks that are at least working towards readiness over the course of this year. In terms of what products they end up in, all I can tell you is the time we spend with customers talking about futures, these hybrid deliverable swap futures and clearing services is about equal, and that tells us there's an appetite understand what suits their book and what products would be the best product of choice for them.
Derek Sammann: Yes, and I think you'll see that process happen, and the more that we see firms take up our offer of cross margin, and I think that will be a compelling value proposition. And as Gill mentioned, we've got clearing services across every major asset class.
