James E. Parisi: Thank you, Gill, and good morning, everyone. As Gill mentioned, volume grew nicely during the first quarter, driven by rates and equities. First quarter ADV was up 9%, revenue was up 8%, adjusted diluted earnings per share was up 14%, and the operating margin was 58%. Adjusted EPS for Q1 of $0.83, excludes FX fluctuations, prior period favorable tax results and changes in deferred taxes due to apportionment factors, outlined in our press release. The rate per contract for the first quarter was $0.767, down from $0.78 last quarter. The main driver of the drop overall was strong growth in our lower price interest rate contracts, and we saw a higher proportion this quarter for members, with member volumes growing 22% and nonmember volumes growing 15%. The transaction fee pricing changes, we implemented beginning this year, added about $0.019 per contract within the 2% to 3% range we expected. OTC swaps revenue totaled $12.8 million, up 19% versus last quarter. Within interest rate swaps, as Gill mentioned, because of the bifurcated pricing structure in OTC, the trade count ends up being the best indicator of revenue. In Q1, we captured an average of about $128 per OTC trade and we cleared approximately 1,500 trades per day. In 2013, we averaged approximately $130 per trade. In terms of market share on trade count, we were at 49% in Q1, up from 48% in Q4 2013, and 47% for all of 2013. We plan to release the average daily trade count on a monthly basis, which should help you in terms of modeling. Market data came in at $89 million, up 17% versus last quarter. The screen counts were fairly stable, with attrition during the quarter of less than 1%, despite the pricing change that took effect on January 1. Additionally, the elimination of the fee waiver for new clients took effect beginning April 1, which should have a mitigating impact on overall terminal attrition going forward. Moving on, first quarter operating expense was $325 million, excluding a $3.1 million FX benefit and $800,000 of deferred compensation expense, both of which we plan to remove for comparison purposes each quarter. Adjusted history, excluding these and other items previously identified to the last 5 quarters, is available on the income statement data file on our website. This result compares favorably to the Q4 2013 results. Our full year 2014 expense guidance remains at $1.31 billion, which assumes a certain level of license and fee sharing expense, as well as bonus expense, both of which generally vary with volume. Q1 nonoperating expense was $8.9 million, excluding the deferred compensation impact. We mentioned in our last volume release that we did not receive a dividend in Q1 from BM&F, similar to last year. Interest expense is down to $33.7 million, based on the pay off of a portion of our debt in February. Lastly, our index joint venture income for the quarter was the best yet, partially driven by increases in ETF assets under management and exchange-traded derivatives. Turning to taxes, the effective rate for the quarter was approximately 37.4% on a pro forma basis. And now the balance sheet. We had approximately $1.1 billion in cash at the end of the quarter, reflecting payment of our $750 million note maturing in February and payment of our $870 million fifth dividend in January. This begins our -- this brings our total 2013 related dividend to $1.5 billion. Over the last 2.5 years since we implemented the new dividend policy, we have returned $2.9 billion to our shareholders in the form of dividends, representing in excess of 10% of our market cap. Lastly, during the first quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $37 million. In summary, we are keenly focused on planting the seeds for future growth, while also ensuring that our core business is positioned to benefit as various macro themes continue to play out. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
James E. Parisi: And I would just add one more point, Niamh. You mentioned about possible favoritism on data access or data distribution. We don't provide any proprietary feeds or separate feeds to any market constituents. All of our data comes out through one consistent mechanism, one type to all the marketplace.
James E. Parisi: Ken, this is Jamie. I think there's a very big focus internally on expense. We've said before that we look over the long run to grow our expenses and control them in a way that we're going to grow them probably in the mid-single digits. And when you have that kind of expense control and you lay on top of that growth in volumes in the out years moving forward, you're right, there is significant amount of operating leverage still alive in the model going forward. And we would expect that to accrue to the benefit of our shareholders.
James E. Parisi: I would add to that, that we have an intensified emphasis in terms of augmenting our functionality within the match engine to handle the most complex strategies and multi-legged transactions. We're in the process of rolling out that additional functionality, working with the marketplace to bring more and more of that into the electronic platform.
James E. Parisi: Sure, Chris. This is Jamie. That was a very broad category, as you noted. When we look at it, HFT is not really an extremely well-defined term. That said, we did announced this based on Q1 data. We looked, we filtered firms by speed, order modifications and by volume of orders processed. We then looked at their automated trades. We then took a look at that and bumped that, we looked at it versus where our customer-facing focus on firms fell and kind of triangulated a little bit there. And it looks like, based on that analysis, that these firms represent about 30% of our volumes and less than 15% of our total revenues. And included in those numbers are volumes related to market making that happens with -- that they perform. So it's a -- I'd say, a fairly conservative number.
James E. Parisi: I think when you look at the RPC, it's all those mix issues, right? So you're certainly going to -- if you expect the interest rate volumes to continue to grow in an outside way versus other quadrants that would weigh on the overall rate because they are a lower fee contract. As markets -- as people move from OTC, perhaps, into futures, we're likely to see some, over time, pickup in nonmembers. That would be a positive for the rates. And certainly, we put pricing changes in this year and that was a positive starting in January. And then when I look -- well, if I look down into energy -- I know there was question about that earlier. But on energy, there is some good non-U.S. growth in energy volumes, and actually some good nonmember growth in energy volumes as well in this past quarter, kind of masked by the overall flat result.
Terrence A. Duffy: Rich, I would say that in the years that I have been in Washington -- and I just got back again late last night. Gill and I were both there, and Bryan. They can have an opportunity to lump everything together, and that's just the nature of Washington, DC. But what we do -- I think we do a very good job at is educating the differences in our model versus the equity models. And we didn't do that when Michael Lewis' book came out. We've been doing that for 10, 12 years now. So I think we -- but unfortunately, Congress turns over every couple of years, so you always have that risk and exposure. I feel very comfortable, though, with the people that we've been dealing with and talking with on the Hill, that they understand the differences at a certain level. There will be a potential hearing coming up in the Senate ag on HFT, which I will be participating on. And then there should be another one coming up in the Senate banking, which I'm not sure of the date of that. Again, we will use those opportunities to continually draw the differences in our market structure and the equity market structure so we don't get swept into some kind of reform that doesn't apply to our business.
Terrence A. Duffy: I think that when they dive into what co-location facilities do, they will understand that they're the fairest system in the world, and that's what we strive for at the CME. So when we bring regulators, we bring legislators out to our co-location facility and we show them how there is no difference to the match engine, no matter where you're at in our co-location facility because of how we operate the facility. And I think that, that is something that has become a huge benefit. So if you were to say a co-location needs to go away and your server is going to be in some building and someone else finds out where that building is at, that gives that particular individual the only advantage of being closer to a server. So I think people are understanding that. I do think that co-location got a bad rap, for lack of a better term, during this book because it appeared that some of these facilities may have been doing favors or giving speed to certain participants and not to others. That's not the model that CME deploys. I think that answered your question completely.
Terrence A. Duffy: And I think to that point, Gill, when we were talking yesterday with some regulators, we said that if, in fact, we didn't have co-location facilities today, you would probably mandate them by law for us to have them.
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes, Gill, just to add to that a little bit. I think the other part of her question was what about the banks coming out of the market a little bit. And I think when you look at the -- Gill, outlined it very well when he gave you the fundamental reasons. If the banks were in or the banks were not, the fundamentals would be the exact same as they are today. So if in fact the fundamental situation changes in the energy market, the volumes will follow whether the banks are participating or not.
Phupinder S. Gill: And Rich, just to add to that for the perspective of what the Chairman just said. The equity futures that this group of traders, so called HFT traders, is less than 3% of the overall revenue of the firm.
Phupinder S. Gill: And just to add to what Bryan just said, Alex, I think if you look at the deliverable swap futures over the past months, the open interest is up about 38% and to 108,000 contracts also. And there is an added dimension here that we've been full focused on the futurization efforts on the rate side, but we're also seeing some positive trends on the FX side where, with the market investigations that are going on, the open interest orders have come up in spite of the low volume on the FX side. So those are -- that's an average dimension that we had not seen until a short while ago.
Phupinder S. Gill: I think if co-location did not exist, there will be a lot of folks buying up space around the facility just to get in there. And so to the Chairman's point, it's actually a more level playing field because it does exist. And anybody can participate, not just a very large...
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure. I'll start. If you look at the clearing house and the exchange we just launched, as we know, in this part of this week, I think market participants are just getting their feet on the ground. I think by the end of the month -- next month, we will see the participants in their full capacity participating. There are some connectivity issues within the firms themselves. But once they sort those out, we will start. And I think, in the words of our head of Europe, it has gone off to a gentle start. But the bigger question is, what's the plan here. And if you look at where it is located in terms of both the matching engine and the CCP, and you look at the sales force that CME has deployed, both in Europe as well as in Asia, as we develop and continue to innovate, we will have an option, depending on time need, as to where to list the various and sundry products as we develop them. So you could find as customer needs are European based, we would put them there with full access for everybody or we'll list them here in the U.S. So we have an additional platform in which to list any kinds of new innovations as we see fit. And beyond that, I don't think there's anything to share yet.
Phupinder S. Gill: I think the low volatility in the nat gas is not necessarily a structural issue. It's largely driven by demand and supply. I think there are various and sundry things happening in the nat gas markets around the world, not just in Europe and in the U.S., but Asia in particular is going to be an area of full focus where growth is concerned. And I -- to your other part of your question where you see there may be something going on, I think structurally the biggest thing that's going on and the biggest debate in the energy marketplace at this time, the supply issues, as it relates to brand and there's a lot of debate around that. And also the oversupply issues that we have here in the U.S. that has been spoken about. The oversupply at the Oklahoma facility has been really significant and now the oversupply condition is on the coast. And so it puts a lot of pressure on the authorities with respect to what to do with that crude. A lot of it is being refined and exported, but it increases the pressure on the debate to allow for the expansion of crudes. Structurally, that's what's going on and I...
Phupinder S. Gill: No. I think if you look at the electronification percentage of the options products that we have, and also look at the types of investments that we have put into our matching engine over the year, the investments are there. The market practices that lend themselves more easily to electronic trading have taken place. Our electronic percentage has gone up from 35% last year to almost half this year, and where they continue to stay on the floor is when we're talking about trading strategies that are extremely complex. And so they lend themselves, at this time, more easily done on the floor. Where you see other markets around the world that have, it seems, have converted 100% to an electronic marketplace, in reality it's a call around marketplace with 5 or so market makers making markets on the phone and using the matching engine simply to book the trade. And that's not the case here. The strict rules that we have bifurcate between electronic trading, bid trading as well as block trading.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, all, for joining us this morning. And we look forward to talking to you again in the next quarter. Thank you.
Bryan T. Durkin: I'll start, and Gill will add onto it. But you can see in terms of our overall growth in our open interest on the future side has trended up very nicely, over this past quarter particularly. And then you'll see, very much so, a strong trend across the Eurodollar curve, as well as the treasuries on the open interest. I would point you to, in terms of new users coming into the market, if you look at the Commitment of Traders report as it pertains to asset managers, there is a very significant trend in terms of their increase in open interest from over 1.8 million contracts to about 3.6 million contracts. And that ties directly into our interest rate futures product line. There is definitely, I think, continues to be some confusion and trepidation in the context of the SEF rules themselves and what the requirements are going to contemplate for the end users. And we're seeing that having the positive effect, quite frankly, in terms of turning towards the usage of our futures.
Bryan T. Durkin: On that point of fundamentals, there are still significant potential fundamental factors that could result in higher, more-than-current volatility levels that we're experiencing. And seeing higher volatility return to the space when looking at weather, the Russian situation and the huge U.S. natural gas inventory shortfall, other global initiatives or concerns with respect to Venezuelan unrest, from all of these things could have an impact on volatility going forward.
Bryan T. Durkin: We think that a lot of it is the functional aspects of the market and cyclical factors that are affecting the performance of the overall FX market. We're seeing unprecedentedly low volatility, which is hampering volume in that product sector. There is a number of other fundamental factors that impact the market users themselves in terms of their participation we're seeing because of this low volatility. And I also think the issues that are affecting the marking of the FX contracts in and of themselves has caused some pullback from certain segments of the market, particularly in the hedge funds in central bank area. However, we view this as being short-term, but challenge. And we're very confident about how with certain changes from a structural perspective, how this could be very positive in terms of our overall draw into our marketplace. It's a difficult comparison in terms of looking at it from Q1 of 2013 versus today. Volatility and volumes were driven largely based on the ongoing uncertainty surrounding the Eurozone crisis and the debt ceiling standoff in Washington. Those factors have somewhat changed today. With respect to capital rules, clearing mandates, we're seeing an increasing interest in terms of shifting customer interest that we hadn't normally seen in our futures product, coming into our futures products. So we view that, that bodes favorably for the strategy that we've undertaken in terms of continuing to build that complex, while also offering some alternatives on the European sector.
