James E. Parisi: I'd say that the focus for the immediate future is going to be more on dividends. I believe, personally, that our shares are fundamentally undervalued in the market. And by increasing the dividend and paying out an annual variable dividend, we're hoping to accomplish a few things. We want to signal to the market, in an expedient way, that we're very confident in our company's future. We want to highlight that we have an exceptional business model, as I said before, low capital investment required, sizable operating leverage and great growth opportunity that we see ahead of us. We also want to, as I mentioned, invigorate our existing shareholders and attract new ones who are focused on yield. Dividend stocks are receiving a lot of attention, especially in this low rate environment, and we think were uniquely positioned to deliver yield and growth in this environment. Also some shareholders will like the predictability of returns rather than the more sporadic buybacks. And if you look back over the last decade, equity appreciation has been relatively flat and yield has driven return, and that happened again in 2011. We want to continue to show that we're true to our word. We've said all along that we're going to return cash flow to our shareholders, and I believe that this combination of the regular dividend and the variable dividend puts in place a mechanism that ensures we'll continue to return excess capital in the future, and keep our balance sheet strong and efficient. That to me is the most important take away that you have today, that we're committed to returning capital to our shareholders.
James E. Parisi: Sure. I would say, for modeling purposes, for now if I were you I would remove the share buyback from your models for 2012.
James E. Parisi: Sure. The MF was definitely concentrated in the Other line. There's about $27 million of additional expense in other expense marketing and other expenses tied to MF. The fourth quarter for us is typically a higher expense quarter for marketing and other expenses as we engage in our global leadership conference and some other marketing events that drive some of that cost and it tends to be a heavier quarter for us as well, in terms of advertising, so those things also drove the Other Expense up in the fourth quarter.
James E. Parisi: Sure. You're right, the base that we're looking at for 2011 would be excluding the MF Global expenses. That puts us at around $1.233 billion in expenses as a base, working off of there -- a percentage of that, I gave you earlier. In terms of the CBOT building and the Dow Jones impact on expenses, if you assume it's for half the year, and that's an assumption right now, we're assuming they close by the end of the first half. It's probably somewhere in the neighborhood of $30 million net. In terms of expense reduction related to those, there is obviously revenue associated with those as well. And the building is basically breakeven. So that's the general impact.
James E. Parisi: Sure. We like to keep a little extra on hand for little partnership deals, and whatnot, we might do throughout the year. But the real thing to keep in mind here is that we're looking at this as an annual process. We're going to look at this again at the beginning of next year and see where we are in terms of that excess cash balance. And this is a new area for us as well and we're working through it and you'll see next year we'll look back and say, okay, we've got excess cash as of the end of 2012. And look to return it, potentially, a good portion of that in a fifth dividend in 2013. So it's going to be an ongoing process. And longer-term, we're not -- I said earlier, don't include any buybacks in your model for 2012. That doesn't mean that we're abandoning them forever, but I'd say keeping them out of 2012 in your models is the right way to go.
James E. Parisi: It's actually a good question. It gets normalized throughout the year and spread over the year. You don't take it into account later in the year.
Craig Steven Donohue: I don't think so, Howard. I mean, I think you've heard us say for a long time that we view this very much as a global market. I think the competitive dynamics in the industry are clear evidence of that. You've also, I think, seen us say for quite a long time, and I think it's becoming increasingly true, that the market is certainly integrated between the OTC segment of the market and the listed market, Dodd-Frank, the regulatory initiatives globally, as well as just general market dynamics are clearly causing convergence between the 2 markets. So that has been our view, it continues to be our view. That was certainly the view that we believe was adopted here in the U.S. as well. We've always respected the fact that both NYSE and Deutsche Boerse are formidable competitors for CME Group, both independent and certainly together and we expect that, that will continue to be the case.
Craig Steven Donohue: I'll start. I think, immediately after the crisis hit at the end of October, there certainly was a temporary impact on volume as you saw accounts being transferred and going through all that process. I think that volume is coming back. You can see in January, we did fairly good volumes starting to ramp up from the slower holiday season and we'll see how it plays out here for the rest of the year, but I think there was a temporary blip and it's coming back.
Craig Steven Donohue: And I would just, from an income statement perspective, Rich, I wouldn't expect a very significant impact on the 2012 results from OTC. I think you'll start to see the traction building a little bit later on in the year -- or traction building now, but becoming a little bit more significant toward the end of the year and then growing after that.
Craig Steven Donohue: I think it's difficult to project forward until we see what the final rule-making looks like. But I would say, in general, the mandatory requirement itself is certainly going to be much more of a driver in 2013 than 2012 given that it's not likely to be finalized until the fourth quarter of 2012. And from that, we'll have the judge it on the basis of what the final rules will look like.
Craig Steven Donohue: Alex, it's Craig. I would encourage you to be somewhat skeptical or very skeptical of those types of estimations. First of all, I think it's very difficult to know what the lingering effect of MF Global is on volumes given all of the other kind of dynamics that are going on macro-economically and otherwise. But what we've been focused on is making it possible for our customers to continue doing their business. And I think if you look at what we've done in terms of the account transfers, the fact that the trustee has returned $0.72 on the dollar, whereas you still have a lot of customers who are trading on foreign exchanges that haven't received any recovery at all yet. Most of our customers we believe are back in business and back to doing what they do and certainly being patient as we go through this unfortunately long bankruptcy process. But I would say, I think, it's more likely that only a very kind of small subset of customers is likely "out of the market." I think, in terms of your comment about liquidity providers, the vast majority of professional traders and liquidity providers are absolutely back to work.
Craig Steven Donohue: I think that's a great question and one that probably doesn't yet have a great answer. There's a broad range of things that, not only we, but certainly the CFTC and other segments of the industry like the NFA and the FIA will be considering. At the broadest level, certainly, everybody is focused on how we can further strengthen customer protection mechanisms and enhance customer confidence in the customer protection mechanisms that already exist. I think you heard Terry say a number of times, I think very correctly, that the industry actually has an excellent track record of customer protection. That's certainly a very significant and unfortunate result. But I think the vast majority of people's attentions is going to be looking at incremental fixes that really enhance the existing structure. Those are the things that are likely to include enhanced disclosure requirements regarding the firm's investment of customer funds, perhaps some restrictions on what firms may do with customer funds. I'm not sure those will be game-changers rather than sort of incremental enhancements that better protect customers. Certainly, probably some focus on enhanced reporting procedures, maybe issues like certification by the CEO and the CFOs of the firm. It'll be a range of things like that. Some of the larger potential things that could be considered would be custodial arrangements for customer funds held at the firm level. Those probably have more significant implications for the FCM's in terms of their business model. But that's a discussion that we'll be having with the industry and I think it's just too soon to project what the impact might be on the economics of the firm. But let me ask Kim since she's joined us this morning, and she's really the point person for us on these issues, to comment.
Craig Steven Donohue: Well, I would caution you on that one. I mean, I think you heard a very few number of people actually raise that question. I think, as we've said before, firstly, we're very confident that we do an excellent job in terms of our statutory, self-regulatory responsibilities. That's a model that's been in place for many, many decades. We invest a tremendous amount of resources in market regulation. And we think that we're very effective. I think if you looked at our track record, you would find that we have been. I think, when it comes to clearing term oversight, it's important to remember that we are ultimately the guarantor of all obligations at the clearing house and so we have, I think, the most compelling interest in making sure that our clearing member firms have the financial and capital resources to meet their obligations for the clearing house, as well as the proper mechanisms. So that'll be a topic that'll be discussed, but I think we're very confident that, that change won't likely occur.
Craig Steven Donohue: I think, what I would really say there is that, I tried to say that before, is we would clearly continue as the guarantor of all obligations between and among clearing members and their customers at the clearing house. To insist upon direct access to our clearing firm's financial and capital and risk management operations, so that we could actually be sure that they can meet their obligations to us so that we in turn can meet our obligations to everybody else. So it would, unfortunately, only result in redundancy and duplication of cost and probably additional complexity in properly overseeing the firm. So I don't think I can give you a better answer than that. We just don't view that as a realistic outcome in any of this. So the reality is that it would result in additional duplication of effort.
Craig Steven Donohue: I'm not sure I understand your question. But I think those interests are actually very well aligned. If we serve our customers well, then obviously that results in positive outcomes from a business perspective. And that helps us reward shareholders. So, I mean, if you want to be more specific, I'm happy to try to answer that better than I just did, but...
Craig Steven Donohue: I think what you've seen from us, and I think that's the most important thing, is you've seen us work very hard to make this very difficult situation, that MF Global created for its customers, less onerous for those customers. And our focus was on, obviously, transferring accounts, releasing collateral, helping customers get repositioned at other clearing member firms. I think that you've seen us issue the guarantees which are really, we think, extremely low risk but were intended to accelerate the return of capital to shareholders. And I think, even with what you've seen from us today in terms of the Family Farmer Protection fund, it's a prospective going forward way to protect customers and enhance customers. So we've done everything within our ability and we will continue to do everything within our ability to really assist our customers in that way. But this was not a failure by CME Group or CME Clearing. This is a failure by MF Global and its management to protect the customer funds that were held at the firm, not at the clearing house level.
Craig Steven Donohue: Yes. I'm happy to do that. I mean, obviously, first of all, 60-40 tax treatment for exchange traded futures has been in place for many decades. And the Dodd-Frank Act really codified what was largely true anyway, which is that swaps are really not eligible for 60-40 tax treatment. The vast majority of people who use swaps don't qualify for that treatment. So I don't think that represented, in fact, very much of a change in the landscape from what existed prior to Dodd-Frank. There is not any kind of serious proposal out there to change that as it relates to exchange-traded futures contracts. And I think if you looked at the history of 60-40, it was really adopted very specifically by the Congress to ameliorate the harsh result of the mark-to-market rules. And it was viewed as an appropriate decision by Congress at that time and I would imagine they would take the same view today.
Craig Steven Donohue: It's Craig Donohue. I just want to thank everybody for joining us this quarter and we certainly look forward to our next earnings call.
Terrence A. Duffy: Howard, it's Terry. I think that there was, obviously, focus on the derivatives component over in Europe. But I think they underestimated the value that people placed on the nationalistic value of these equity exchanges throughout Europe and what that transaction could or could not do to them. And with that uncertainty, I think there was more of that, that came in to play that may be in the headlines. So I do think that was a big part of it and so I think our government has seen it differently, we're in different businesses here. So I don't think, to add to Craig's point, I don't think it affects us one bit.
Terrence A. Duffy: Well, Jillian, it's Terry Duffy. One of the things that we got forwarded this proposal, and I felt very strongly about it, was this is a constituency that basically started these businesses way back when. And the world relies on these particular producers of products, especially of food to feed the world. It's one of the great exports of the United States throughout the world. They do need to rely on our markets. They do play it fairly tight to the vest as you can imagine. These are not speculator-type participants. These are clearly bona fide hedgers of food in the ground or cattle on feed or pigs on feed. And we felt it was critically important to give them an additional comfort zone to go up to this new fund. Again, this is not something that would be retroactive for MF Global clients. This is a go-forward type proposal and the reason that it's going to be, obviously, an insurable type proposal. And I just think it's paramount to give credibility back to the industry and show that the CME Group can do -- there are certain things we can do on our own, there are certain things we can do as an industry. We felt this was a first step that we could do on our own and it very important that we do so. The bigger steps to come, that address the other $158 billion for customer-segregated funds, have to come as an industry solution, not just a CME-driven solution. But this one in particular I felt strong about, as did others, to get this through because it will give us the comfort of the farmers to be able to go back forward and do the risk management they need to do. They cannot get loans at banks unless they use our markets. And we need to get those bankers comfort and we need to get the cooperative's comfort and we need to get the farmers comfort. And I do believe this does all that for them. Yes, and Kim...
Terrence A. Duffy: And that, to Kim's point, the $50 million that she's referring to will already be -- it's already dedicated towards the MF Global situation. This is on a go-forward basis, not on a retroactive basis.
Terrence A. Duffy: This is Terry Duffy. Let me just echo Craig's comments. But also we were drilled fairly hard in Washington over 9 days of 3 congressional hearings. And anybody who followed that will see that CME was the only one that gave a very detailed outline of what we did, minute by minute, to show that our SRO worked flawlessly. And there was, as others would say, fraud committed in this act and you cannot prevent against fraud. We did the right things and we had the answers for the Congress, where others we're seeing they don't know what happened to the money. So to us, we did do our SRO responsibilities and, at the same time, we protected the interest of our shareholders.
Terrence A. Duffy: And just to elaborate on what Craig just said. 60-40 treatment, that is received now by a pre-listed products in the bill that Senator Levin has in place, he's trying to have put into the tax discussions that are going on right now. That bill would only impact small individual traders and hurt small entrepreneurs because large corporations do not receive 1256 treatment today. So we have said all along, in Washington, that you would be only hurting the small liquidity provider in taking them out of business and making the big banks larger and stronger into the marketplace, which is not what they're trying to do. So I think it's a bit of a perverse rule that they're trying to capture. It's $2.5 billion score over 10 years and that is a big assumption that the volumes would stay the same or the participants would stay the same. So our point is not only would you not get $2.5 billion, you'd probably lose other revenues from these small participants.
Terrence A. Duffy: I believe that the listed futures products in the 6040 will continue to prevail to get that treatment going forward. I don't think there's enough support for anybody to take it away from an individual business owner.
Bryan T. Durkin: This is Bryan. We're already seeing tremendous buildup in traction with respect to our dealer-to-client relationships. We've signed on several hundred accounts across various client segments and we're very happy with the uptake that we're experiencing in that regard. We have numerous additional firms in the process right now, of connecting up to our offering. And as you can see from the expansion that we are putting through, with respect to the additional instruments and various currencies that is driven by the demand of the client base that is connecting into us. A working assumption is the upcoming mandatory clearing requirements, which we realize is a little bit off. However, we see the uptake that we're experiencing already, clients are driving that need. They want to make sure that they have the protections offered by our central counter-party clearing services.
Bryan T. Durkin: It's Brian. We're deeply excited about the uptake that we've experienced in the last few months, and it's really been more driven in the energy sector, as well as we see a strong interest building on our metals and ag side of the component. We've listed well over 100 products in the energy component in and of itself. These are highly structured instruments that the user community is finding most locally relevant and are very happy with the services that can tailor -- and her team is providing through CME CE in that regard. You can expect to see a greater emphasis in the buildup of that product sector. And I would say, predominantly in the energy, ags and metals quadrant. We will also be looking very aggressively towards the interest rate swap side of it as well, as we're seeing a good demand coming from our client base in that region as well.
Bryan T. Durkin: This is Bryan speaking. We definitely see continued growth in the non-U.S. hours from our non-U.S. client segments. We're very pleased with the increase that we're seeing, particularly out of Europe and within Asia. And that's going to be a continued area of emphasis in terms of our growth going forward. With respect to the banks in particular, while towards the middle to the end of the fourth quarter, we saw some pullback I would say, from the European banks based upon the uncertainty of what was happening over there. We are definitely seeing, from the activities through January, a positive uptake in that regard from that segment.
Bryan T. Durkin: With respect to the co-lo activity, very pleased with the seamless transition of the business. There was absolutely no disruption whatsoever in terms of the connection of all of our client base. Current feedback that we've been receiving has been extremely positive.
Bryan T. Durkin: This is Bryan. I have the pleasure of serving on the technology advisory committee for the CFTC. And one of the issues that they are looking for is to get greater clarity and definition around what actually is high-frequency trading. It's been an issue of debate, obviously, out there for some time. And so Commissioner O'Malia has taken up the concept of developing a subcommittee to really try to refine what is the definition of high-frequency trading and what are the activities associated with that and should there be any best practice or additional regulatory requirements imposed on that segment of user once they actually come up with a definition, is my understanding.
Kimberly S. Taylor: I think that there are changes afoot in the business model for FCM. We're very cognizant in everything that we do in terms of our clearing policies to try and promote clearing member diversity so that there is an array of business models or an array of different providers available. And that helps impact the cost to customers and keep them lower, as low as they can be with competition. The exit of MF Global as a provider does potentially have an impact on the choices available to customers in the short run. But in addition to the issues that Craig was talking about, about the regulatory environment changes, another change that we see coming that will affect customer access to the marketplace is actually the entry of global clearing members into our markets. So we have new entrants coming in and actually new entrants coming in from other -- right now from the Asia-Pacific region who are very well-versed in servicing the broad type of customer base that MF Global serviced. So I think in the medium-term, there will be plenty of choice for these type of customers.
Kimberly S. Taylor: I would just add, you mentioned this kind of as a departure for us or a different way of looking at things for us to have an ability to protect end customers. And I just want to remind you that we long had a trust fund that was designed to protect the end customers in case of losses due to the defaults of a clearing member. We actually put that trust fund to work in this case and it will protect the customers of MF Global. The Family Farmer and Rancher Protection Fund is -- the way I look at it, it is a more specifically targeted version of a dissimilar concept of funds to protect our customers in the future should they incur losses due to the demise of their clearing member.
Kimberly S. Taylor: I think there is a heightened focus in the industry on the capital impacts of the OTC clearing. I think we are very well-positioned to be a good choice in terms of providing capital efficiencies for the clearing members in servicing the OTC business. You mentioned the interest rate swaps versus our interest rate futures market, that the interest rate futures markets are the primary hedged, actually, for the dealer community in hedging their interest rate swap exposure. We're very well-positioned to provide a capital efficiency there. We also are taking a very global approach to the way that we provide the services Brian mentioned, that we're focused on putting interest rate swaps in the U.K. clearing house as well. And we're focused on having capital efficiency opportunity for clearing members between those 2 clearing houses. But a lot of what the clearing members do is, through a service agency business and the requests of their clients to clear in one clearing house or another, or in one jurisdiction or another. We're poised to provide maximum capital efficiencies for them in that regard.
Kimberly S. Taylor: I think, definitely, the customer segregation rules are something that is under review. If you look at what has happened with the over-the-counter swaps, you'll see that there's been a move by the CFTC to put what everybody calls LSOC, legal segregation but operational co-mingling in place for swaps. There’s discussion about moving that type of a regime or further changes in the customer protection regime in futures. Now to answer your other question though, if you went to full individual segregation with every client having its own individually segregated account, what the costs of that would be. The cost of that can be real. I can't give you a number. But the cost of that could be significant enough that many customers probably would not find it beneficial to pay the additional costs to get the additional protection. It would be almost an insurance decision, of sorts, for clients. So we had advocated, actually, for the interest rate swaps for the OTC environment, an optional model to allow clients to choose fully, individually-segregated accounts. And that way, if we make it optional, you make it a business decision of the client whether they want to bear the additional costs. As far as the additional costs to CME, I think our feeling is that most of the additional costs of a program like that would be passed through in some way to the people who elected to use such type of a program.
Kimberly S. Taylor: And actually LSOC would not prevent the events that it is purporting to prevent in the future either. We're not big proponents of that as a really viable model. But Gilly's absolutely right. It would not have prevented MF Global.
Kimberly S. Taylor: I certainly would be surprised if CME did not fit the definition of a systemically important clearing house under the new federal regulations. As far as banks' capital requirements pertaining to clearing houses, I think there will be different capital regime that will apply to clearing houses. I would not suggest that you look at a bank capital regime and try to apply that to a clearing house, if that was the question.
Kimberly S. Taylor: We are participating in the review process, the government's review process of establishing the requirements here. We're also very active in participating with Basel as they try to adapt the capital requirements for banks under this new regime.
