James Parisi: Thank you, Craig, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to have posted our highest quarterly revenue ever during the first quarter, while continuing to invest in future growth. We delivered very strong results with average daily volume of 13.8 million contracts per day, up 19% versus Q1 of last year, driving a 20% increase in revenue to a record $832 million. This significant revenue generation drove a 26% increase in operating income to $524 million. There's one item included in our GAAP results that I'd like to call out. Our Q1 GAAP tax expense included a $164 million benefit associated with the change in our expected effective tax rate and its impact on our deferred tax expense and the release of reserves related to a foreign investment. Excluding the tax benefit, Q1 net income attributable to CME Group would have been $292 million, and diluted EPS would have been $4.36. Moving on to rate per contracts. Despite near-record volumes during the quarter, the overall rate per contract was $0.808, down just slightly compared with fourth quarter 2010. Although the higher volumes resulted in larger discounts, the relative stability in the rate per contracts can be attributed to the strength of the product mix, with strong growth coming from energy and agricultural products.  Market data revenue of $107 million was up $3 million from the fourth quarter, mainly due to strength of CME Group index services. Activity in our Dow Jones Index business continues to outperform our initial projections. Revenue during the first quarter was $23 million, increasing from an average of $18 million during the last three quarters of 2010. We have seen particular strength in the commodities and ETF [exchange-traded fund] areas of the franchise.  I will now take a few minutes to review expenses. Compensation and benefits was $122 million, up slightly on a sequential basis. At the end of March, our overall headcount stood at 2,605, up 35 compared with the end of 2010, with half of that increase due to our Elysian acquisition and a majority of the rest in our technology area for the development of the new multi-asset class trading platform. Total non-comp operating expense in Q1 was virtually unchanged on a sequential basis and up 2% versus the prior year, primarily driven by Marketing and Other, as well as by licensing and other fee agreements. Turning to nonoperating income. We received a $14 million dividend during the quarter from BM&FBOVESPA based on our 5% ownership. If you recall, we generally receive a larger dividend during the first quarter, as some of it was a true-up of their 2010 performance. Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $38 million in the first quarter, driven primarily by work on our co-location and data center facility. We have approximately 120 customers who have put down initial deposits and several more who have subsequently expressed interest. We currently expect to move customers into our facility at the end of the summer, with extensive testing in the October-November time frame. We are planning to go live during Q1 of next year, at which time, we will begin to generate recurring revenue. In Q1, we delivered the highest level of cash earnings in our history. Last year, our quarterly cash earnings averaged $270 million, while this quarter, our cash earnings hit $330 million. During the quarter, we paid down debt of $420 million including all the commercial paper we had issued. We raised our regular dividend 22% from $1.15 per share per quarter in 2010 to $1.40 per share in Q1. During the first quarter, we hit two important milestones related to the capital structure guiding principles we provided in a transparent way last July. At the end of the first quarter, we had more than $700 million of cash and marketable securities on our balance sheet. We also reduced our debt-to-EBITDA ratio to below 1x, which we have targeted since completing the NYMEX and Dow Jones transactions. We continue to make investments in our core business and in the growth initiatives I mentioned earlier, and we expect to continue to generate significant excess cash. Since we currently do not expect to participate in any major M&A activity in the near term, we will be well positioned to return excess cash to shareholders, and we are in the process of formulating the specifics of our capital return strategy. I'm excited regarding seeing the group's prospects and look forward to creating value for our shareholders.  At this point, I will turn the call back to Craig for a few closing remarks.
James Parisi: Yes, Alex ,we did give out the guidance at $1.26 billion for 2011. If you annualize the first quarter across each of the categories, I'd say the areas that you end up with, as you pointed out, were coming in, in the first quarter on an annualized basis about $30 million or so less than that guidance. But we're still sticking with that guidance. And so if you take that $30 million, I'd say spread it roughly evenly going forward over the dollars in comp line, over communications and technology, occupancy, licensing and fee agreements and marketing and Other, and a lot of that is just driven by, the growth in these areas is driven by the investments that we're making growth across the exchange. Certainly, on the comp side, we're investing in headcount internationally to grow the business. We're also on the communications and technology side. You'll see that growth there coming as a result of rolling out our co-lo later in this year. On the occupancy side, we've outgrown our London office as we've grown our international staff. So we're moving into new space there, and that's increasing that line item somewhat. And then on licensing and fee agreements, that certainly will grow as we grow our ClearPort and equities business. And marketing and Other again is just tied to the international growth. So those are the areas where you'll see the pickup to get to that guidance for the full year.
James Parisi: Sure, Howard. As we've said, we've been really transparent certainly about the intention to return to capital this year. And I will say, I'm very excited about the fact that we've been able to deliver on everything that we talked about with regard to the capital structure guiding principles. And as you noted, right now, me, my team, the board are focused on formulating our strategy around the return. In that return, we're going to look at various ways of returning that capital to shareholders, whether through buybacks, opportunistic buybacks or dividends. So those are all on the table certainly. And we're very -- we're still early in the stages, I'd say, of accumulating the excess cash to return. We just went over that $700 million mark just a bit this quarter. But as you know, it's a very dynamic business, so it probably won't take long for us to generate more cash to return. So we will be looking at buybacks opportunistically. We will look at the impact on our EPS. We'll be looking at where we feel the valuation of our shares are versus where the market is valuing them and take all that into consideration.
James Parisi: We still need to sit down with them. We're meeting with them in the coming months. We're going to walk through all of it. I think we can demonstrate that the capital that we're putting into the clearing house certainly strengthens the risk profile of the clearing house. And I think we're doing the right things in terms of managing the business and managing within clearing. We're always managing the risk there is. That's our main consideration there. One of the issues that they brought up was around the FICOM [ph] structure. And we certainly, around that structure, are able to cap our exposures and totally control our exposures there. And we've done that, and we fully funded that risk. So as I said, think the risk profile of the clearing house is remaining very, very solid.
James Parisi: And I think the other thing to add to that is in addition of FICOM [ph] in our base business, that there's significant capital efficiencies already embedded in our interest rate product. So as you look between treasuries and Eurodollars and between the various Eurodollar contracts and the various treasury contracts, there's already $3 billion of margin efficiencies embedded in the clearing house in those products.
James Parisi: Yes, there's a bit of favorability, I want to say it was around $800,000 to $900,000 of favorability in the comp line, with the offset obviously being down in the investment income line.
James Parisi: And if I may add to our reconstituted sales force, particularly within Asia and in Europe, based upon how we've been able to segment that sales force, we are much more targeted in our capabilities to do the cross sales across the various asset classes that Craig just alluded to. And I can affirmatively say that the interest and the demand for particularly the commodities products is there. We are spending a lot of time working with our client base in terms of providing educational instructions on the utilization of these instruments to support and complement their risk management needs. I would say the same goes for the interest rate complex. And in particular, one of the reasons why we've driven forward with our Sovereign Yield Spread contract is to complement and provide the user base there with a single risk management tool in which they can bundle and manage the risk in these various government bonds in one transaction. So we're very enthusiastic, and it will be a major part of our focus, as I alluded to earlier.
James Parisi: We haven't said specifically what those margins are. I think in the early going, they'll be certainly lower than the margins in our existing business. But as we get up and running and start to fill the center out, we'll start to approach our margins over the longer run. So I wouldn't look for CME-like margin in the 2012. But after that, we'll start to approach that.
James Parisi: I think it's the -- first of all, as with any new products, we tend to -- we do wave fees. So there is a fee waiver associated with the products that are being launched, I want to say it's roughly a six-month fee waiver, and there are some caps around that in terms of the amount of the contracts. So I wouldn't anticipate seeing any significant revenue in the immediate term. And typically, as you know, with any new offering, it does take a while for volumes to ramp up.
James Parisi: The total swing in market data was more in the neighborhood of $3 million. There was the swing in the Dow Jones which was in the neighborhood of $4 million to $5 million. But then it was offset a little bit. We did see a slight decrease in pickup in the number of terminals. So that aided to it a little bit. We're still feeling some of the effects as people are coming out of the recession and just being sure they're very efficient.
James Parisi: Let me start with some of the higher level RPC impacts on those two, and maybe Bryan and Craig might want to weigh in. As we look at commodities, the sequential increase was really driven by -- it was across the board actually in terms of the various mix impacts, primarily in the nonmember/member mix. So we saw nonmembers growing a bit faster than members for the quarter versus last quarter. And additionally, we saw the product mix within ag also helped as we saw some of the higher contract or higher-priced contracts within the ag like wheat and livestock trade a bit faster than the other products within that suite. That's what kind of what drove on the commodities side. On the FX side, we saw an increase, a slight increase, and the nonmember mix helped drive it. But more so, we saw a shift where there was a shift in the type of contracts being traded. There's a small increase in the percentage of EFPs [exchange for physicals] that are traded in that market, which carry a very high rate per contract with them.
Craig Donohue: Thank you, Jamie. Let me just summarize by saying that we continue to position the company for sustainable growth. I'm very optimistic about the near-term and long-term opportunities that our company has moving forward. Looking back, we successfully integrated two large acquisitions. We delivered strong cash flow and operating margins during the unprecedented credit crisis. And despite the 0 interest rate policy as a backdrop for two years, and we performed at a very high level. During this time, we never stopped providing new and innovative new products. We never stopped investing in our technology and clearing infrastructure. And we never stopped expanding our global reach through partnerships, or we never stopped adding to the deep bench of our talented employees. I'm proud of our team's performance during the first quarter.  There's a lot of market commentary about potential M&A in our space, which has captured the attention of the media and certainly investors. The rationale discussed by potential exchanges who are active participants include four major considerations: First, the critical importance of the derivatives area in the context of standalone or multi-asset class exchanges; two, the benefits of significant and meaningful product diversity; three, the view that partnering with other exchanges around the world will open markets and drive trading activity in global products, particularly from customers in Asia; and four, the value of providing capital efficiency to customers. CME Group, in our view, already presents each of these opportunities. We embarked on the right strategy five years ago to position our company to benefit over the long term in all four of these dimensions. And we are not surprised to see other exchanges attempting to follow in the same path. If you are a generalist or an exchange-oriented investor and you are looking for a deep forward-looking innovative franchise with multiple organic growth avenues, then it's time to consider increasing your exposure to CME Group.  Again, we thank you very much for joining us today, and we'd now like to open the call for your questions.
Craig Donohue: Roger, it's Craig. I'll tackle that and perhaps Bryan Durkin may like to add. But first of all, I think, as you can tell by looking at the numbers, I think the volume in the open interest continues to be fairly negligible. As I talked about briefly during my comments, the depth of book is significantly greater obviously at CME Group in both our treasury and our Eurodollars contracts than at either ELX or NYPC, roughly 30x deeper. And obviously, institutional customers who are hedging and engaging in risk transfer trades are looking for that very efficient market and depth of book. So while we take that seriously, and we're continuing to obviously compete aggressively in that area, I think it's also notable that when you look at their average daily volume, we've achieved that same number just in new products that we've introduced like the Ultra Bond and like the other products, mid-curve fed funds, the on-the-run treasuries and weekly treasury options. So we're focused on innovation and growth and meeting our customers' needs as we are ensuring that we remain a very effective competitor in today's environment.
Craig Donohue: Well, it still remains to be seen. They are putting out for comment their proposals. I believe that there's still a very strong different set of opinion among the commissioners on the right sort of range of alternatives for the industry. We have at least one commissioner that has been opposed to sort of the strict segregation of swaps at an individual account level versus what we have in futures. We have another commissioner who has wanted to ensure that the industry has ample opportunity to comment on a wider range of alternatives including alternatives that we support, which is the baseline futures model. And cross margining between swaps and futures is partly a function of resolution of those particular issues. So we're pleased to see that at least some people in the commission are very sensitive to the cost benefit analysis and also wanting to make sure that these structures can be implemented in a way that maximizes capital efficiencies for customers.
Craig Donohue: Yes, sure, Dan. I mean, I think fundamentally, you have to focus on sort of the cyclical factors that are driving some of those trading relationships and trading opportunities. But fundamentally, as I think I commented during my remarks, you look at the sort of much larger open interest in WTI than Brent and also the fact that we have more growth in Brent than we saw in -- I'm sorry in WTI futures than we saw in Brent futures during the quarter. And I think that shows that people are continuing to look at WTI as the more liquid global benchmark. So there's a lot of complex cyclical factors that are going on in world energy markets. But fundamentally, we look at the liquidity, the volume and the open interest. We're also focused on continuing to develop a broader product set that meets all of the different needs, energy, consumers and producers and refiners around the world. And so as an adjunct to our already strong leadership position in WTI, we're focused on further development of our East of Suez crude oil market through the DME Oman contract. For the long term, we believe that there will be a number of important products that can be used for hedging and risk transfer purposes. WTI will continue to be a leader, but we'll also look to diversify that as well.
Craig Donohue: Ken, I think it's very difficult to put a number on that in the same way. Generally speaking, I think it's a different situation when you're talking about sort of the tipping point that some people think comes with 10% or 15% or 20% market share, whatever your view is. I think this is different. This is really extending liquidity and trading activity and volumes out throughout the 24-hour trading day. And I wish I could, but I don't think I can give you a very reliable answer to that. But obviously, the continued trend for us is, we're seeing this kind of increased growth in electronic volumes during non-U.S. hours as depicted on our slides. But I think, if you were to also look at it by time slides, you'd see that, essentially, it's mostly at the moment extending out from sort of the North American trading hours time zone. And so we're kind of building our way out, I guess is the way I would describe it, prior to our opening in North America and then following our late afternoon close.
Craig Donohue: Right. Obviously, we can't speculate with kind of a prediction or projection. But I think that will depend on the particular product set. But obviously, FX, I think, is an excellent example of a truly global market where there's very active trading activity and liquidity to be found in the different segments of the FX market, literally around-the-clock. So FX and metals, energy and commodities, I think in that order, are likely to be ones that could be very actively traded and ultimately at a level that is commensurate with what we see in North America, and then, perhaps less so in the equities market where access to the cash market or related markets might be an impediment to the same degree of volume occurring during non-U.S. hours as U.S. hours.
Craig Donohue: Right. Well, Rich, I think the way that I would answer that is -- I mean, first of all, we've been committed for a very long time to our more focused strategy in terms of the composition of our business. And we've never frankly been very big believers in the sort of large multi-asset class exchange concept, if you will. In that it's not clear that it has actually delivered demonstrable value to customers in terms of increased efficiencies from a technology or post-trade clearing process perspective. And I think it's also somewhat evident that the synergy opportunities from those very different and very differently regulated businesses are inferior to the synergy opportunities of combining much more similar kind of derivatives businesses as we have done. That just happens to be our point of view. Obviously, we have great growth dynamics. We're continuing to exhibit those, as you can see from this quarter. We've got a very robust growth opportunity for extending ourselves globally and into new product areas and ultimately as well into the OTC markets and index services. I would say, just on the last part of your question, I think it's evident that we are one of the most, if not the most, attractive partner to large global exchanges just by evidence of what we've done over the last several years in trading, very strategic investments and commercial partnerships and arrangements with some of the leading exchanges in the world. Most of our products have a great correlation to a lot of these properties exchanges in markets and regions as well. With our new multi-asset class trading platform that we've jointly developed with BM&FBOVESPA, we'll be also in a strong position to leverage that technology and ultimately distribution network for partners that have a presence in the cash equities and equity options markets. So I think we're confident in our strategy and the positioning that we have and in the growth opportunities that we have.
Craig Donohue: Well, I think, Rich, if you look at what we've done, we've picked what I would call national champions in each of the major developing and emerging markets that are at least as of yet prepared to expand globally and partner strategically and from an equity perspective. So we've got a head start first of all in that. But we have been of the view and continue to be of the view that some of these national champions are sort of viewed as protected assets within their countries or regions. And so I think there's a quite a bit of evolution that has to happen in at least the developing and emerging markets before you see large-scale outright mergers, acquisitions and combinations. I think what you saw in Singapore and Australia, which would be relatively freer and open economies to some of the other developing and emerging markets that we're involved with. If ultimately, it just wasn't in the national interest, then that transaction couldn't go forward. That is the reality in terms of the dynamics. So I think we're well-positioned. We have a lot of time by virtue of being a significant shareholder, a major partner strategically or technologically with these kind of national champions. I think we're extremely well positioned.
Craig Donohue: Yes, why don't I tackle the last part of that and then let Bryan let you know where we stand in terms of our efforts. But I think just yesterday, in fact, but within the last couple of days, the CFTC in its proposals has sought to include FX options and swaps as instruments that would be subject to the mandatory clearing requirements. So that is consistent with what we have been expecting and what we have been planning for. The focus of the industry and of CME has not really been on the swap -- the spot and the forward market. So that's sort of where things stand. That's obviously something ultimately that is also subject to the determination of the treasury department in terms of their ability to exempt those instruments. But at least, preliminarily, the CFTC has sought to include them as swap or OTC derivative instruments that would be required to be cleared.
Craig Donohue: One of the beauties behind that model is the complementarity to our overall energy complex and our expectations in terms of further developing the trading, as well as the clearing services.
Craig Donohue: Initially, we're going out with a large slate of OTC energy products. We're also offering the rapeseed oil and some other agricultural swaps that are in the pipeline, as well as metals. We are ultimately going to be moving forward with an interest rate swap product as well. And we're working, of course, very closely with our user base and the 15 client firms that have been helping us develop this offering in terms of additional product extension.
Craig Donohue: Yes, Mike, let me take the first part and ask Bryan to address the second part of that. I think you heard us comment during the call back that we're up 70% in terms of the business from South to North, if you will, in terms of our Brazil relationship. I think we also mentioned that as we now implement the new multi-asset class trading platform in Brazil that we'll see increased revenues associated with that. Obviously, we'll also see revenue growth from our other arrangements including continued volume growth at Bursa Malaysia derivatives and order routing revenues from Mexico. So I think you have to look at it kind of in the aggregate across each of these. They're small in relationship to our total revenues. But for the future, as we continue to build and expand on these and as we grow our global customer base, we obviously believe it's going to be material to us for the long run.
Craig Donohue: I can respond on the RPC side. Certainly, in a situation where you have a fixed product mix and you see -- if you were to see decreased volumes, you'd pick up some on the rate in terms of the tiering. On the member, nonmember mix, that's a harder one to call. That fluctuates around quarter-to-quarter. But generally speaking, it stays relatively constant over time.
Craig Donohue: Well, again, I mean, I think we've been a leader in focusing on growth and developing in emerging markets. We certainly have more strategic investments and commercial linkage arrangements with major exchanges around the world. We're very focused on that. And I don't think that, that changes whether NASDAQ and ICE are successful in their efforts with New York Stock Exchange or whether New York Stock Exchange and Deutsche Boerse are successful in completing their transaction. Our focus is on expanding our global distribution network, acquiring more customers. And a big part of what we're doing through these partnerships is using them as a way to expand liquidity in our existing, very successful products into these time zones. And that just doesn't change by virtue of what various of our competitor organizations are doing.
Craig Donohue: I think, again, just to reiterate, we've said for quite some time now even before the more recent state of merges and acquisitions proposals that for the foreseeable future we're not really focused on large-scale mergers and acquisitions transactions. So with that caveat, I guess my answer to that would be we're always going to be cognizant of the quality of the businesses and the competitive dynamics that those businesses face and -- among many other factors in making decisions like that. But in the past, when we've made those comments, we've clearly reflected that you have a hypercompetitive environment in at least the U.S. and European equity markets and equity options markets, and, in general, a very difficult time establishing and maintaining a sustainable competitive advantage or differentiation because the products themselves are not innovative. So that would be one factor among many, many other factors that we would consider as we approach those types of opportunity.
Craig Donohue: Well, I know we've gone a little bit long, but we want to thank you for joining us today. And we certainly look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Bryan Durkin: This is Bryan Durkin speaking. We are intensifying our efforts both in Asia, as well as in our EMEA region to increase the level of focus and exposure to all of our commodity asset classes, and in particular, our energy products. We feel that the complementarities and the extension that we are offering with regards to, in particular, our OTC clearing services in Europe through the introduction of our CMA CE is largely driven by interactions that we've had with our local clientele and particularly the commercial end users of the energy product base, to provide localized clearing services in that regard. So you are correct that we are absolutely intensifying our sales focus and efforts in that tone.
Bryan Durkin: This is Bryan speaking again. We're very pleased with the, what we would consider the soft launching of the FICOM [ph]. And what I mean by that is we've been aggressively testing with a dozen or so of our end users to validate the margin offsets that we believed would be realized. And we're very pleased with the preliminary testing results in that regard. We fully expect to see one or two at least of our larger users come live over the course of actually the next few weeks, so we're anxious to see that come to fruition. As far as the other candidates that are involved in this offering, they're working through some of the internal logistics and making sure that all of the internal testing has been confirmed and finalized before they go live. But in terms of the offsets, we have seen upwards of 50% to 60% reduction as a result of this initiative. So we're very enthusiastic about it going live.
Bryan Durkin: It's Bryan Durkin. Actually, we do have very specific programs for both the European markets, our Asian markets and our Latin American markets, and it has proven to be a very useful and productive tool as far as building partnering and drawing stickiness into our products. So you can expect to see a continuation of that model as we further develop our markets in each of those regions.
Bryan Durkin: And from a readiness perspective and the actual instruments that would be likely to clear OTC through our mechanism, we have been working very closely with the new base, both on the buy side and sell side, in developing our model and making sure that, from an operational perspective, that we have the facilities in place and the structure in place to accommodate the market readiness as we come to a closer definitive understanding of the regulatory environment. So we're not losing any time in that respect in terms of our preparedness in working with the marketplace in anticipation.
Bryan Durkin: I think that's a fair comparison. In particular, our client base are existing users of our other products, and they've definitely sought the ability and venue to be able to have a localized clearing facility. We think over time, we will see the benefits of capital efficiencies and margin offsets. That's our goal with respect to the broader set of asset classes that we represent.
Bryan Durkin: Well, I think you have to look very closely at the overall liquidity and the transparency of the WTI market. The marketplace in itself does look to this as a benchmark in terms of pricing their risk. And so, when you take all of those factors into consideration and the fact that this product trades 2.5x greater than the Brent, as well as how the market is able to look to the actual pricing transparency of this contract, we feel very confident about continuing to build the complex overall. Those index weighting adjustments were, and we believe are, negligible.
Bryan Durkin: With respect to the new users coming into utilizing the FX futures products, you are very astute to pick up on that phenomenon. I mean, it's definitely been an interest that has grown, particularly in the European sector where we have end users that had traditionally not looked towards our product and are moving their business onto the exchange-traded offering. So we're going to continue, obviously, penetrating those opportunities aggressively as part of our overall sales effort.
Bryan Durkin: Sure, this is Bryan. First, I'll take our strategy in terms of covering that very broad landscape that you referenced. We have built up a large, I would say, central office of upwards of 35 professionals located out of Singapore. And that group has the responsibility of managing both the respective business lines that we represent, so all of the asset classes are represented there, as well as our client development and sales teams across all the client segments that we represent. So there is representation for the corporates, commercials, proprietary spendings, asset managers, hedge funds out of that region. They then have the responsibility of covering the broader Asia region and are complemented by assistance that we have from individuals that are stationed in China. We also have representation in Hong Kong. We're certainly looking to expand our resources in those particular regions as well to be able to have continuity and more boots on the ground on a day-to-day basis, both within Hong Kong, and I failed to mention Japan and China as well. So we put -- we've certainly invested, I would say, significantly in our human capital to be able to better penetrate these markets by where we have them strategically located. I think we are doing a fairly solid job of covering the landscape both in Korea, China, Japan, Taiwan and other sectors around there. Malaysia, I failed to mention as well. I think your other question was how you plan on leveraging European clearing and growing your Asian presence. Certainly, the suite of 150 products that we're going live with, again, we feel that, in particular, a number of these products should appeal particularly on the energy side, as well as we're hopeful in building up the interest on the agricultural side and starting out with the rapeseed oil.
