James Parisi: Thank you, Craig. Before I dive into the financials, I just wanted to note that the comments and comparisons I'll be making today will exclude the impacts of the Credit Markets Analysis, otherwise known as CMA, impairment discussed in the press release.  CME Group turned in a strong second quarter financial performance, with average daily volume of 13.5 million contracts per day, up 31% from Q2 last year, and revenue of $814 million, up 26% from last year. From a GAAP perspective, this is the highest level of quarterly revenue we have delivered and only $3 million below Q1 of 2008, assuming we had owned NYMEX business at that point.  We delivered $536 million of operating income and diluted earnings per share of $4.43, excluding CMA. From Q1 to Q2, our revenue grew $121 million while our expenses grew only $10 million, excluding the one-time Dow Jones transaction expense incurred in Q1.  The overall average rate for contracts for all CME Group decreased 4% ,$0.79, compared with $0.823 in the second quarter 2009. So average daily volume was up 31% while the average rate was down 4%. The main driver of the year-over-year rate decrease was our member, non-member mix. Our lower-fee member volume grew 35% while non-member volume grew at 19%. Sequentially, the rate per contract also dropped 4%, primarily driven by a large increase in interest rate volumes, our lowest-rate product, from 5.1 million contracts per day in Q1 to 6.1 million contracts per day in Q2. Market data revenue of $102 million for the quarter was up 17% compared to Q1. This increase is due to the inclusion of a full quarter of CME Group index services revenue. At the end of the second quarter, users of CME, CBOT and NYMEX data subscribed to 385,000 base devices. This count was down only 1,000 screens from the prior quarter, representing some stabilization relative to the trends we have seen since the credit crisis.  And I'll take a few minutes to review expenses. Drilling into Q2, compensation and benefits was $103 million, up $4 million from the prior quarter. This increase was attributable to an increase in our bonus accrual due to strong cash earnings performance. Our combined headcount at the end of Q2 stood at 2,460, an increase of 50 people during the second quarter. We reiterate our full-year expense guidance of $1.13 billion to $1.14 billion, excluding the CMA impairment, which implies second-half expense of $573 million to $583 million.  Q2 operating income was $536 million, the high-water mark since Q1 of 2008. For the second quarter, our operating margin was 66%. In the non-operating income and expense category, on the investment income line, we recorded $5.5 million in dividends, down $4 million versus Q1. Also interest expense increased due to the full quarter impact of the $613 million of additional debt we incurred for the Dow Jones transaction. In the second quarter, we paid down $300 million of commercial paper, bringing our total debt to $2.8 billion. We will be paying down our next maturity in August, bringing our debt down to $2.5 billion and our debt-to-EBITDA ratio to approximately 1.3x. A detailed illustration of our debt structure is included in our earnings slides. In the second quarter, we repurchased 46,000 CME Group shares. In addition, in the month of July, we repurchased more than 1 million shares of CME Group stocks totaling $279 million at an average price of $272 per share. As part of our announced transaction with BM&FBOVESPA, we issued to them $2.2 million CME Group shares on July 16 and received $607 million. So we have nearly offset the dilution associated with the share issuance. As Craig mentioned earlier, longer-term, we plan to return excess capital to shareholders in an efficient way beginning as early as next year. For the quarter, our effective tax rate was 41.7%, excluding the CME impairment. For the full year 2010, we expect an effective rate of between 41% and 42% on a GAAP basis. Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $28 million in the second quarter, driven primarily by hardware and software attributed to migration of trading systems to our new data center as well as continued build-out in our office facilities. Our full year guidance remains at $180 million to $200 million, with data center and facility build-out continuing in the second half of the year. In summary, the second quarter was tremendous. We excelled on a top line and delivered virtually all of the incremental revenue to the bottom line. We look forward to leveraging our platform like this in the future and delivering profitable growth.  We will now open up the call for your questions. In order to get to everyone, we are limiting all of you to one question and one follow-up, and then please feel free to get back in the queue if time permits.
James Parisi: Yes, certainly, that was impacting it somewhat, and then also, as we continue through the year, we'll continue to see expenditures in our growth initiatives on the OTC front as well as other fronts. So that's driving a good part of it. And we are hiring more, you heard that we added 50 people this past quarter tied to the growth of the company and growth of the top line, and we’re working to continue to invest there, and that's going to drive those expenses as well.
James Parisi: Yes, certainly, as we saw higher levels of volume, there was some impact from the tiering. It wasn't the largest of the contributors to that decrease in the rate, though.
James Parisi: Howard, Jamie. Basically we saw very consistent participation across the customer sets that’s very similar to what we saw in the prior quarters.
James Parisi: Sure. I can start and then Craig can jump in. In terms of the marketing spend, obviously we’re going to look to market more global participants in our markets, and that will increase our expenses on the other expense line. That's one of the areas where, Rich had asked earlier, that’s one of the areas where we'll see additional [audio gap] in the second half. And then, we're also putting some significant focus on our energy sales force, going forward and trying to continue to globalize that product as well, given the global nature of the products themselves. So…
James Parisi: Yes, Ken, this is Jamie. We will be incurring expenses. We’re hiring consultants and actually deploying staff toward that development effort. However, there are some payments from BM&F in the current year back due us to help cover some of that. So it's a very small impact overall on our income statement.
James Parisi: Yes. As you look at it, if you look back at the last significant recession, around 2001, the device counts fell between 10% and 13%. Currently, we're down about 14% versus our peak. And then you saw it in this quarter, where the number of screens falling off has really, that number itself has declined. Only a thousand screens fell off this quarter. So I think you're starting to see us, hopefully, reach that bottom. As Wall Street starts to spend more and hire more, we should see that start to pick up.
James Parisi: I think, Chris, Craig said it on there that in the near term, we don't see any significant M&A opportunity out there. So we’re going to, of course, keep an eye out, but in light of that, we're going to monitor our capital structure, monitor the excess cash we've got and make sure that we’ve got enough on our balance sheet to cover things like our requirements for our current core business operations, our core clearing operations, potentially the new clearing operations as it relates to OTC, and then some for small bolt-on capability extending acquisition along the way. So I do think when you look at how much cash flow we generate each year, roughly $1 billion, and as we grow, that will grow given the nice leverage in the model that there's going to [audio gap] opportunity in capital as early as next year.
James Parisi: There's certainly investment associated with it. That's why you've seen some of the increase that we have this year in terms of headcount and some of that increase in the expense versus prior year. So there is some investment baked into our thoughts. We do get to leverage some of our existing platforms, but there is that additional investment. But it's not overly excessive and is something we can manage easily.
James Parisi: Dow Jones for the year, I want to say, if I'm remembering correctly, was roughly in the neighborhood of $30 million or so, if I'm remembering properly for a full year. So I can get you more details on that also.
James Parisi: Well, Mark, it’s very difficult to sort of answer that, because each agency has its own sort of agenda. I mean, I can tell you Terry and I, having met with the chairmen of the CFTC and the FTC as well as the other commissioners and senior staff, they've laid out a very aggressive and comprehensive plan for how they will meet the requirements of the Act in terms of the development and promulgation of those rules. We don't have complete transparency into underneath that, what is the order of priority. But we certainly would expect that position limits is something that they will probably take up early, given that, that was already a area of significant workflow for the commission. But we're going to have to wait to really see that.
Craig Donohue: Rich, it's Craig. I think we've made a very strong commitment to our partners in the over-the-counter trading and clearing space to really support them with post-trade clearing services. And we’ve really been working hard to kind of work toward the adoption of the open-access clearing model. So what we envision is partnering with not only the sell side but the buy side to support their activities with swap clearing, but also to support market participants who may be developing swap execution facilities but who value the clearing capabilities of CME Group. So that's really our focus. It's not to say that there's no areas within which we might develop [audio gap] that might ultimately trade on a swap execution facility, but I think it's important to stress that our primary commitment is really to support our customers with clearing services.
Craig Donohue: Mike, it's Craig. I think there's not a lot new to say. Clearly, there's tremendous demand for clearing services on the customer side. And I think it's fair to say that there's a very high level of engagement by the entire industry, certainly including the swap dealer community given the legislation and given the customer interest in Central Counterparty Clearing services. So we're continuing to do what we've been doing, which is we're involved in a very active set of negotiations with market participants, and we have a lot of different work streams that we are working through right now. Obviously, there's a strong movement by the GSEs to Central Counterparty Clearing for rate swaps. And we're doing everything possible to be ready to support all of our customers and all of our swap dealer partners in accomplishing that.
Craig Donohue: I have to say, I think that for the time being, I think that's very difficult in terms of making it quantifiable versus sort of a more qualitative assessment, in part because, as you're likely aware, there are 267 rulemakings that will come from this new legislation. And very broad, enabling authority to the financial market regulators to make a lot of decisions, frankly, about, ultimately, the market structure and the regulatory requirements. So we'll have more to say on that as we start to see some of the rules that are coming forward. But at least as we've looked at the Dodd-Frank Act preliminarily, there's a lot of activity currently done by swap dealers and major swap participants in our markets, which we think won't really be affected very much, at least by the legislation, when you look at what is still a permissible bank activity and you look at the degree to which banks and swap dealers will continue to be able to hedge net swap book risks without any major kind of structural changes, at least in the way that they're organized. So we spent a lot of time on that, but I think we're going to have to sort of withhold any sort of quantification of things until we have a better assessment of the rules.
Craig Donohue: I actually appreciate that question, because I think it's very important to say very strongly that this doesn't change what I said earlier in terms of, really, our commitment being focused on providing post-trade clearing services. But at the same time, as I think we mentioned, the legislation does require open, non-discriminatory access. We had, even well prior to the legislation, articulated that our business model would be sort of an open-architecture model of supporting market participants with clearing services. We have no relationship with ERIS other than, obviously, we’re a provider of clearing services, and we'll be doing that pursuant to a service level agreement. But that does not represent an effort on our part to get involved in sort of the execution component of the market. But we do expect that we'll have a wide array of potential customers that will look to us for clearing services in the interest rate swaps clearing area. What ERIS is planning on doing is, really, trading, basically, swap futures contracts, so variance of traditional swap contracts and interest rates.
Craig Donohue: So obviously, the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act are probably very complementary to the structure that we had adopted, given that, as you’ve described it, it really was sort of an FCM-centric model. So in that sense, it's positive, although I would imagine that, like us, our competitors will also be structuring to be in compliance with the new requirements. In that sense, we're already there. But we're also working with market participants to refine the overall structure of our offering, and those discussions are ongoing.
Craig Donohue: Well, I think what you can see from what we described, I mean, those are a couple of the products that in a very short time since we've entered into the joint venture with Dow Jones, we've been able to kind of bring to market. But in fact, we do have a very broad range of new product development ideas that we're pursuing essentially across all of the different asset classes where we have a significant franchise, either in terms of futures markets or in terms of the Dow Jones indexes area. So we'll have more to say as we kind of bring new products to market, but I think the goal of sort of sharing that with you was really to highlight that we really believe in the complementarities of these different businesses. And it's already beginning to generate new innovation opportunities for us.
Craig Donohue: Yes. I just would add, I don't think you should expect kind of major step function increases in human capital to support that. But we are obviously taking a strategic view of where we think the growth is, where we think the customer acquisition opportunities are, and we do want to make sure that we have the sales resources in Europe and Asia and emerging markets that can help us really tap that growth. But I describe it as incremental.
Craig Donohue: I think my best answer to that is really that, first of all, the law is already providing for swap execution facilities, so standardized swap contracts that are subject to the mandatory clearing and mandatory trading requirements can be done on either a traditional exchange, a DCM if you will, or a swap execution facility. And the swap execution facility hasn't really yet been kind of defined with a great deal of specificity. That's one of the SEC and the CFTC will be doing. And I think that, that, itself, is going to be important for assessing how certain swap contracts will trade effectively. And so, it's very difficult to sort of answer that question right now. But I would say from where we stand right now and in looking at what the swap execution facility definition is in the legislation, we're expecting that it will be possible for swap dealers and interdealer brokers to structure their own swap execution facilities to continue the business model and market structure which they've historically had. There will be some changes to that, but it may not be, in fact, very revolutionary or transformational. And I think we have to respect the fact that they're going to want to continue doing the business in the way that they have been. And I'll just say again that in the last two years of very heavy engagement with market participants in the over-the-counter markets, the message that they’ve gotten, and we're trying to be very responsive to our customers is, we really think you guys have a great value proposition and clearing. So that's our focus.
Craig Donohue: So I'm going to sort of say that I think it's somewhat preliminary to try to answer that question. That is very much at the heart of some of the negotiations and discussions that we're having with the market participants. And obviously, we're very comfortable moving into the over-the-counter clearing area. We recognize and appreciate and have made our own assessments of what the sort of kind of margin and guarantee fund dynamics are going to look like depending on what level of swaps are ultimately cleared. So we're comfortable with that and we're comfortable with the risk management aspects, but the sort of capitalization of the clearing facility and the guarantee fund and our contribution to that are really things that have to sort of be held in reserve until we’ve completed that negotiation process.
Craig Donohue: I think we've touched very briefly on that. Obviously, the interest rate products perform best in an environment where we either have kind of directional shifts and changes in interest rate policy or federal monetary policy. And I think it's fairly clear that, at least for the very near term, we're going to be in a more static environment absent something unusual happening. But clearly, if you look at market sentiment and sort of expectations about Fed rate hikes, we're probably looking at the second quarter of 2011. That should obviously be a positive catalyst for volumes to the extent that is realized. And in the energy areas, I mean, there continues to be strong growth and demand for energy as well as volatility in energy prices. And of course, weather and other dynamics are affecting those kinds of supply and demand issues, so that's been a strong catalyst for growth.
Craig Donohue: There's a little bit in the second quarter, probably in the neighborhood of a couple of million dollars and then ramping up slightly from there.
Craig Donohue: Okay. Yes. Well, I think you're aware that we've had underway for quite some time a application to establish a registered clearing house in the U.K. We're continuing to make, I think, very good progress on the completion of our application there and, hopefully, expecting approval very shortly. That will be an enabler for us on couple of different fronts. We’re envisioning that being an opportunity for us to offer more clearing choice to our customers in our core business. So for example, our application includes a large number of energy contracts that we believe there's demand from European customers to clear locally there. And then also, we do envision it will support our efforts to be a broad-based provider across asset classes and across geographies of over-the-counter swaps, clearing services. So we're not feeling any kind of protectionism in that regard. We're going through a professional process and believe we’re being treated very fairly by the local authorities there.
Craig Donohue: I don't think so. I mean obviously, there are some reported tensions between the European union and the United Kingdom, for example, if that's what you're referring to. But ultimately, as we have today, I mean, we have a large number of major central counterparties that exist in different locations, all of which have significant utility and critical mass in terms of meeting market participants’ needs. So I don't consider it to be significantly fragmented, but there certainly is a multiplicity of central counterparties out there, and I think that will continue to be the case.
Craig Donohue: Certainly, when we closed the Dow and when you consolidate, we no longer have the license fee expense associated with that. So we’ve got the full quarter effect of the Dow in the second quarter, so that should be a good indication going forward.
Craig Donohue: Okay, let me try to provide a little clarity about that. There are different provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that apply to swaps clearing, and then the provision that I believe you're referring to is a provision that is intended to reduce the systemic risk potential of credit relationships between and among clearinghouses in the listed derivatives markets, maybe to begin with. So on the over-the-counter product side, there is what we call the kind of non-discriminatory open-access provision. And generally speaking, I mean, I think there’s a lot of confusion about those in the first instance in that they absolutely do not provide for inter-operability and fundability per se. It's probably a little bit too arcane to get into in this call. But that's the one side of it. And then the provision that you're referring to is limited to the listed derivative markets, and it really is intended to ensure that there isn't a kind of systemic-risk domino effect by forcing linkages between clearinghouses. And then, maybe the third part is just that I don't think it really has any bearing on the EFF issues, which are not clearing house transfers of positions between clearing houses with credit relationships. So hopefully that's helpful. We could spend more time outside the call if you want to, but…
Craig Donohue: Yes, I think first of all, we're very pleased with the final provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. You'll probably remember that since the inception of the discussions about position limits in energy and metals markets, we've always maintained the view that it would not make sense to impose position limits on already-regulated, reportable and surveyed markets if you didn't also impose those limits on foreign markets or OTC market participants. And I think one of the useful things in the Dodd-Frank Act is it does clearly establish that parity. So first of all, the level-playing-field concerns, I think, have been largely eliminated. Secondly, in looking at, at least the initial proposal from the CFTC, I think, based on the feedback that they got from not only ourselves but other industry participants, I think they've tried to develop a regime and set those limits at a level where they're not going to grossly encumber current market participants’ use of our markets. So I think a lot of those concerns have gone away. Obviously, we still have are of the view that position limits in terms of being mandated are not really that useful and certainly not warranted by the evidence that exists, not only the CFTC's own studies but our own studies of what drove pricing dynamics and crude oil in commodity markets during that summer. But I think in general, it's come out better in terms of addressing some of our concerns.
Craig Donohue: Well, of course, we're very pleased with that relationship. The CBOE has, I think, done a very good job in the development of the VIX index and VIX futures contracts as well. And so what we're excited about is the opportunity to kind of work together to develop volatility-based products based on other asset classes. Our focus is really not in the equity area since CBOE is already doing a lot of innovation in that area themselves, but we have the opportunity to, basically, use the VIX methodology and to jointly develop new volatility indexes with CBOE collaboratively in products like energy and commodities and foreign exchange. And so that's a fertile area and something that we're working on. Until we actually announce new products, I can't say much more than that. But we think it's a really nice new-product-development area for both of us.
Craig Donohue: Chris, let me just jump in and add that I think it's important to say, I mean, we have a very bullish view of our growth opportunities organically in our core businesses. I mean, we've just spent a couple of years finishing what I would consider to be kind of the first phase of integration, which is really the operational integrations and sort of accomplishment of the cost synergies of putting the CME in the Chicago Board of trade and NYMEX and COMEX business portfolios together. But the second step of that is, really, to begin to harness the growth and sort of synergy and complementaries that we have across these different business portfolios around the world. So I wouldn't want the sort of the capital structure guidelines and what we described to sort of to be confused with our growth outlook.
Craig Donohue: Well, there are various requirements within the statutes. They vary depending on the provisions of the act. But I would say just sort of rough, ballpark, on a not-held basis, I think by November or December of this year, we will see already a substantial amount of new rulemaking coming out for comment.
