James Parisi: I think, Rich, there's a couple of items there. On the platform that we're developing with BM&F, the multi-asset trading platform, as you know, we've got about $10 million of revenue this year from them to help codevelop that. We anticipate about $15 million in 2011 for those same efforts and about another $5 million in 2012 related to that. Also, co-lo [co-locations] is an other obvious area of expenditure for us in the current year. And we've said that revenue from that will start in 2012 in the neighborhood of $30 million to $40 million in that first year. And then going forward, clearly, we are investing heavily in our OTC efforts where we do expect to generate revenues but we haven't quantified those yet.
James Parisi: Absolutely. I mean that's -- we're spending on growth. And over the long-term, the reason for doing that is to generate that revenue going forward.
James Parisi: And just Rich, to add to that a little bit, I just got back from Washington last week, and they are going to hold upcoming hearings on the 10th and the 15th. The 10th will be in the Ag committee and the 15th in the financial services committee, both on the House side and this is one of the topics they want to discuss about the implementation of the 240 rules that have been put forward and is it feasible to get all those enacted in the timeframe possible. What are the costs associated with doing that and what is the competitiveness of doing that and are we putting forth some rules that will hurt U.S. institutions. So I think that you've seen Congress, since the election, take note of the Dodd-Frank Act and all these rules being written. And now, they're going to hold hearings to bring not only the regulators in there but folks like ourselves to get our opinion as this process unfolds.
James Parisi: As we looked at 2010, I think early on, Howard, our guidance for the year was $1.1 billion of expense. We came in about $70 million higher than that. And really, that was due to a few things, in particular the acquisition of Dow and Elysian contributed to that as did the BM&F co-development effort. And then as we came in towards the end of the year and we had a very solid fourth quarter, our bonuses came in at a better-than-target level so that added to it as well. So and then there were some other one-time things that was a little bit smaller throughout the quarter that we've highlighted along the way. So at any point in time, we try to give you our very best estimate and that's what we've done this time through. And just don't forget that we are investing as we look at the $1.26 billion that we put out there as guidance for this year. A good part of the increase there is tied to those investment and growth opportunities, the OTC.
James Parisi: I can answer -- let's talk a little bit on the expense side. The core came in at about 8% higher versus the prior year and don't forget that one of the things that we're facing on the core expense side was a very tough comp in 2009 because we had cut back significantly on much of the discretionary expense in that year as we were buckling down during the economic crisis. From an expected volume growth, I think you can see that because we beat our bonus target, that we came in a little bit higher than we had expected for 2010.
James Parisi: I think there's a couple of areas that are going to flex naturally with volumes, right. We've talked about those before so the bonus is going to flex as volumes are the key driver of our bottom line and our cash earnings. So that'll flex a bit and you'll also see our license and fee-sharing arrangements line flex as well with volumes. So keep those in mind. And then if we were to, for whatever reason have a challenging year on the volume side and you saw what we were able to do 2009, and we'd look to do something similar.
James Parisi: I think when you see prices doing what they're doing in the energy markets, we've got a significant up in the market. A lot of strategy-type transactions which happen in options tend to go up in volume when you see markets either highs or lows or whatever you want to assume they're at. So I don't see this as an unusual phenomenon and other than people are just taking great faith in our products for starters, but you do see this happen when prices go one way or another significantly. It takes strategy positions and options.
James Parisi: I think the key driver that you're seeing there is as we've introduced new traders to BM&F through the order routing, some of them become significant enough that they then decide to go and hook up directly with BM&F and not go through Globex. And we worked with BM&F so that they recognize all volume introduced from CME. So in some of that growth, some of the volumes that you're seeing there, that decrease in volume is just due to that. But we are seeing I think good strong growth overall.
James Parisi: I think it was due to the small power contracts and that's evidenced as you look at the average rate per contract for ClearPort went up a bit over from quarter-to-quarter as well. And nat gas as well, some of that volume has gone from ClearPort over to the exchange traded. For the year, we had a record, don't forget, record revenues from ClearPort of over $300 million.
James Parisi: Yes, it's certainly on the co-development effort with BM&F that will impact us for the current year. OTC, we would anticipate getting some revenue in the current year. Co-location, you're right, is more of a 2012 item. And Elysian, we get a little bit of revenue from that and really, that's more of a play to add some functionality that we hadn't had before.
James Parisi: No, it's really -- the European clearinghouse was a piece of our thinking around that $700 million. The other piece of it is just as we go through the various OTC opportunities, what we think that we're going to need in terms of our skin in the game for those opportunities, that's what's driving that.
James Parisi: If you look at it, we're spending probably on our platform and our co-development platform probably in the neighborhood of $28 million. Co-lo, we're probably in the $15 million range. Elysian, a little over $10 million. OTC, probably in $40 million to $50 million range. So it's across the board and it's all tied to growth.
James Parisi: Yes, it's definitely an add-on functionality to help us on the front end and bring more customers to our energy market.
James Parisi: You know, the $700 million right now is our best estimate. It's hard to say exactly when you may need it so we want to target having that. It's just our conservative nature. So there's that. And then as you noted at the end of the year, we had about $905 million of cash on hand. We did issue some commercial paper at the beginning of this year as we got rid of the $420 million bank loan, we issued probably about $300 million of commercial paper when we did that. So we did use some of that cash towards that. And then we do have some cash outlays in the beginning of the year like the bonus and taxes and that sort of thing. So I would just stick with the $700 million as our target for what we want to have on there as far as cash goes.
James Parisi: What I've said is we want to maintain that $700 million on the balance sheet and the other aspect of this is we're not going to go out and issue debt in order to return capital. We want to get to that one-time debt to EBITDA level and remain there and to maintain our AA rating. So I think from that perspective in terms of the mix between whether it's buyback or special dividend, it's going to depend on the circumstances at the time. We're going to look to do opportunistic buybacks and look at whether or not it makes sense to use special dividend as a point in time where we have the cash to return.
James Parisi: That's one I'll have to get back to you on. I'm going go do some further research on that. I don't know that there's that much of an impact from driving that business, but I'll get back to you.
James Parisi: Sure. On the screen counts, Jason, down a bit versus the prior quarter. We've seen a decline in counts coming out of the economic crisis as people are looking to become -- to be as efficient as they can on their expense side. So you got that aspect of it. But also, we have different offerings in our market data area. There's enterprise licenses as one example. So if you see some shifts between and amongst that you might see changes in the stream counts, so some of it is due to that as well.
James Parisi: The growth that we've seen in the revenue this year is really tied to some of those smaller offerings but primarily to the increase in the price that we instituted at the beginning of the year. So, and I've got to ask, if we could limit everybody to one question going forward so we can give everybody a chance.
James Parisi: I don't think that, that's going to have very much impact on us. Obviously, today and for the last several decades, we've always worked very closely with certainly the CFTC as our primary regulator, including as our primary regulator of our clearing-related activities. But we have always had a very high level of interface with the Fed on the clearing house as well. I don't think there's anything in Dodd-Frank that is kind of hugely material in terms of changing that dynamic. We interface with them extensively. We share information with them extensively and so there shouldn't be anything material.
Craig Donohue: Well, I'll just start by saying that I think there's an awful lot of stuff, if you're following this, that is coming out in terms of the proposed rule makings. We're commenting very extensively on those. So I don't think I can encapsulate in a very brief answer sort of how we're viewing those different things. In general, most of the focus is obviously on creating a rational and efficient scheme for mandatory clearing, as well as for the trading of swaps that are required to be cleared. We, like everybody else, is paying close attention to that. So in general, I mean I would say that this is a process. The industry has commented. We've been very highly aligned in our commentary with most of our significant customers as well as with other industry stakeholders that have been commenting, including most of the major trade associations. So I think we have a fairly conventional point of view. If you look at the FIA and SEF and others that have been commenting, for the most part, we're highly aligned with them. Most of us support the core principles of what they're trying to do in terms of improving transparency and reducing systemic risk. And we're just trying to work as an industry to find a way to do that where it's not disruptive to the existing kind of business models or efficiency of doing business.
Craig Donohue: Sure, Alex. I'll be happy to comment on that. First of all just to clarify, I think what you were referring to was they've received approval for their DCL application. They still need approval for the actual cross margining proposal between cash treasury and treasury futures contracts. I guess what I would do is just repeat what I think we've said before, which is that we certainly view this as an effective competitor. We do take this very seriously. Having said that, we have very, very deep liquidity, very low transaction and frictional costs, excellent technology, very strong customer relationships and extremely low pricing for liquidity providers and high-volume traders in our treasury and Eurodollar futures contracts. And I think like in most cases in the global futures and options industry, developing liquidity to compete with a very highly efficient existing pool of liquidity is always difficult. As well, I think most people tend not to make actual trading decisions on the basis of the capital, the efficiency. And I think you can't view the capital efficiency in isolation because by definition, if you wanted to optimize for cash treasury and treasury futures, you would be self-optimizing for the portfolio margining benefits and cross margining benefits of including CBOT treasury futures and the broader portfolio of CME Group products. So we're looking at it very carefully. We have our own proposals that we are working on to enhance the margin offsets for customers who are active in both the cash treasury and treasury futures markets. So as always, we'll be a vigorous competitor with people who compete with us.
Craig Donohue: Sure. I would say generally, the establishment of CME Clearing in Europe, which we're very pleased now to have received all of the necessary regulatory approvals, is really a reflection of our commitment to serving our customers' needs on a global basis. We happen to have a very global customer base. Some of whom have a preference for clearing in Europe versus in the U.S. I mentioned during the call that we have strong initial indications from a variety of traditional clearing member firms as well as energy companies for the suite of energy products, which we will be first making available in CME Clearing Europe. And so while I can't comment on things that we haven't done yet in terms, of the aspect of your question that touches on Asia, we're clearly committed to being a global provider of services to our customers and our focus right now is on CME Clearing Europe.
Craig Donohue: Well, obviously, one of the important things that we're going to be striving for is the ability to provide margin offsets between highly correlated futures contracts and the related swap contracts. And certainly, eurodollar futures and treasury note and bond futures and options and interest rate swaps is an important aspect of that. Right now, I think it's fair to say, Howard, that things are in a state of flux because of the larger kind of rule makings and sort of structural framework that the CFTC is developing for how swap positions should be held at the account level, and how the kind of risk management and default management procedure should work for swap customers versus futures customers. So I'm afraid that it's not as simple as just us making that sort of application because they're sorting out some fairly major structural issues in the manner in which swap positions are going to be held and cleared and margins. So as that gets sorted out over the next several months, we will be like all other industry participants, in a better position to seek and hopefully, gain the ability to provide that cross margin benefit.
Craig Donohue: I don't know if there's anything in particular to say there. Obviously, we've had very strong growth in both futures and options. We've had very significant participation from the commercial participants in the market. But beyond that, it's not something I can speculate on.
Craig Donohue: Well, I think we'll just say what we've said before. I mean, this is a process. The whole industry is still awaiting the final rule makings, which are going to drive a lot of the final determinations about choices of clearinghouses and clearinghouse structures. And so in general, I would say, we still have a very high level of engagement with the end-user community and the swap dealer community around our offering. I think we have put in place a very effective capability that is being used and has proven itself to be effective. But this is a process, and I think it's going to take time still for people to react to the final scheme once it's developed and in place. So nothing major, new to report but I think the fact that we have large financial institutions as we commented on during the call, continuing to become involved with us, I think it's a very positive development.
Craig Donohue: Well, I think we're making very good progress. I mean this is a big change in the way that we organize ourselves to both acquire new customers and to better support our existing customers. Under Bryan Durkin's leadership, he's I think done a very effective job at getting this structured in a fairly short amount of time. And I think it's leading to a much better kind of focus on the part of our customer-facing resources to really kind of focus on new client segments and also selling the broader range of CME Group products and services to our existing customers. Anecdotally, I think that already we've received incredibly positive feedback from our customer base. But as importantly, we've begun to see customers working with us to adopt a broader range of products than they might have otherwise been using at least to say our discretionary traders, proprietary trading groups and hedge funds and those that have a natural inclination to expand the range of products that they're able to trade. So this is all still very new, but I think it's an important step forward for us and it really does give us more leverage. It's better for us to have people who can interface with customers across the broad range of products and services that we provide rather than a single product. So it's the right step for us, it's going to help us to, I think, achieve a better growth opportunity on a global basis than we could under the old paradigm. But this is only several months old at this point, so we'll have more I think to share with you as time goes by.
Craig Donohue: Well, it's a phased initiative and so we'll be developing several, let's think of them as modules for the different market segments starting with the Derivative segment, and then cash equities and fixed income. So all in all, this will take us into 2011 until the full multi-asset class capabilities are developed and then implemented in the Brazilian market. And I think we've been clear to say that the multi-asset class trading capability for us is really likely to be more of a strategic partnership kind of tool. Where we have important strategic partnerships around the world, we'd like to use the common technology platform rather than to think of it as sort of us becoming a technology vendor, which really is not within our sights. But I think the best answer to your question is probably 2012 before we're in a position to really use that in that way.
Craig Donohue: Sure. We're working on the actual physical launch of the cleared energy contracts through CME Clearing Europe. I think I mentioned that we have a substantial number of firms are kind of working with us to establish their clearing capabilities. So I'm hoping that, that's something that we're going to achieve in the kind of near term here during the year but there's some more work to be done. We haven't actually announced a date but we will. On the second question, we have definitely seen some customers. And I don't want to overstate that but some customers have definitely either commented to us or we feel have begun to migrate somewhat toward the futures markets as they've been thinking about the regime that will likely apply to them in terms of their swap business. I think it's too soon to have really put any kind of confidence interval on that in terms of what it really means. But yes, we have seen some customers who've adopted futures and I think that's a positive sign.
Craig Donohue: Well, I mean obviously, we're not in favor of anything that would restrict the OTC market regardless of what its impact on CME Group is. I think it's an effective market that serves a particular need for customers for certain kinds of very specific hedging and risk transfer tools. So as a kind of a philosophical matter, we're not in favor of that. But I would say generally speaking, I'm not envisioning that the current regime is going to restrict the value of highly standardized swaps that are already being done. And the correlation between the exchange markets and illicit markets tend to be in the more standardized swaps versus the very esoteric kinds of contracts. So if there's an impact, it's likely to be on the more exotic swaps. Exchange-traded products are generally not the natural hedge for residual risks in those kinds of products. So I don't expect that even if the regulatory framework is somehow going to constrain activity or growth in the more complex or exotic portion of the swaps market it shouldn't really have much of an effect on the exchange-listed markets. But again, this is all a question of where the regulators come out on a lot of these different questions. And I don't think I can give you a perfect answer to that right now but that's in general how we think about it.
Craig Donohue: Dan, I think that came up briefly before and I said we haven't put out a specific timeline yet. But we have regulatory approval, we are now working to onboard the clearing member firms. I was just in London last week and we had the opportunity to meet with nearly all of them. There is I think, very strong interest as well as enthusiasm for the energy products that we've put out already. And then I think enthusiasm as well for the expansion of our clearing activities there, but that'll be a process that'll be taking place over the course of the year. And I can't give you a more definitive timeline right now.
