Phupinder S. Gill: That's a good question. Yes, we're talking very specifically about a very select number of clients who would actually trade a lot but may not hold the type of open interest. So as we focus on clearing of this OTC transactions, what we're trying to do with this pricing scheme is to capture every different type of client. And so this is just simply 1 type of client that may not hold the open interest that you might expect the majority of the client base to actually hold. So it is a prograde, given the role that this particular type of client plays.
Phupinder S. Gill: Alex, if I could just add 1 more thing to what Jamie just said. I mean, keep in mind, we're talking about a marketplace and an environment that is evolving, and you won't see the full impact of what is going to be done by the so-called high-frequency guys versus the rest of the marketplace until about the end of the year when the full impact of clearing sinks in the end of next year.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thanks, Alex, that's another good question. I didn't understand the capital efficiency point because if you're talking about capital-efficient markets, you've got to have both sides of it because we have, as you may know, up with a 85% of the TI marketplace, and Brent is enjoying the lead that they have largely because of the short-term nature of the issues that TI is facing, the structural issues that TI is facing. So I would sum up the environment as TI having some short-term challenges, which is the reversal of the pipeline. And when that occurs, I think some of those short-term challenges will be behind us, and Brent having what I would describe as long-term challenges that are supply base, which is why they acknowledge in the industry. So if you look forward on a going forward basis with respect to what the environment might look like as far as these transparent marketplaces for pricing crude, I will shape themselves out, you can expect 3 benchmarks around the world where you can have a North American benchmark, which TI very clearly is the North American benchmark or the benchmark on this part of the world. The European benchmark, which is Brent. And then the unmet need which is on the Asian consumer base, they tend to, for the most part, consume solid crude and no one is meeting their need with the exception potentially of the DME that is beginning to get the volume that has been elusive for them over the last few years. So the open interest shift that you have seen is largely based, I think, not so much on capital efficiencies, as much as it is pricing, which is 1 way to move open interest. And those types of moves by and large, by our experience, are not generally sustainable over the long term.
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes. Thanks, Richard. I think you summed up a part of the strategy that we have. And if I were to describe, an overarching strategy for the CME here is generally, it's going to be a full comprehensive service offering to our client base that includes options that they have. They can either continue to execute the swap as they do now and clear them with that, and they can for various and sundry reasons convert into the swaps deliverable futures that you talked about. And for both of these camps, if they're looking for capital efficiencies, CME Group is probably the only entity that provides them with the most comprehensive capital efficiencies with our margin offsets, both in the house side and in a couple of these, it will be introduced onto the client-side, where in some of the portfolios that we have run, we've seen savings of up to 90%. So no other offering that we know of can provide the same kind of efficiencies because no other offering that we know of has a futures offset. And we're talking here in terms of the OTC role. Even though we are focused in the first instance on the interest rate side, we're talking about all asset classes here, Rich. So CME Group across 6 asset classes is in a position to offer margin offsets that no other exchange can.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thanks, Howard. I'll start, then Terry may want to add. In the context of the FSA regulated exchange that I talked about, they're talking about a client base that currently does not trade in this part of the world. They're extremely concerned about what the Dodd-Frank reach might actually do to them. And I think they have decided to very squarely not participate in the U.S. side. So we're not talking about a client base that is currently participating here and is choosing not to, but the uncertainty that Dodd-Frank is bringing on board has made them -- or have created a mindset for these guys to stay on that side of the pond. And so that's the reference that I made. The overall concern that market participants have is also, I think, a fact that they even saw what transpired a few weeks ago with respect to ClearPort and the transactions on ClearPort. It has created a bunch of confusion among our client base. We are trying to navigate through that confusion by trying to work in a collaborative way with the CFTC, so that we might provide guidance to our client base to help them through this difficult transition.
Phupinder S. Gill: Howard, I think there's an element of the question that you have to with respect to where growth is going to come from given the environment that we're in, that Terry so accurately summed up a short while ago. I think along the lines of what Jamie was saying, I think the expense discipline that he talked about is a cultural part of what we are on a going forward basis. So I have every confidence that, that will continue. But in terms of the new client base, in spite of the tough environment in Europe, in spite of what folks are saying there's going to be a slowdown in growth in Asia, what we are seeing is close to $800 million of our top line is coming from outside of the U.S. The new exchange in London will continue to tap a new client base. The time that we spent with those 35 CEOs from China is I think going to be extremely beneficial for us in the coming year. I think I've spoken in the past about a pipeline of Asian clearing firms coming into us from Singapore, Hong Kong, as well as Taiwan. And I think those things are going to take place over the course of the next year. And what that represents to us is a brand-new client base. So even -- as the environment continues in its current form, I think you can expect where growth will come from is going to be from a brand-new client base as well as the new product opportunities that we see as a result of Dodd-Frank.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I'll start, and you guys might want to add. I think from where we sit, it I think it may represent 1 of 2 outcomes, if not a combination of the 2. As you point out, there will be some set of our clients that are going to transition to futures that are -- yet, another set of our clients who are very comfortable trading what they consider to be swaps, and they would continue in that way and they will continue doing blocks and they will do blocks of some size.
Phupinder S. Gill: I think officially, the position is there are no position limits in place. The position limits that CME Group has, we continue to enforce them, and we expect there's going to be a response from the CFTC. You've read about all the potential responses that there might actually be. But officially, we will continue the way we have always conducted ourselves by pulling in the position limits that make sense for us.
Phupinder S. Gill: In terms of what they represent at CME, they're less than 1/3 of the overall revenue of the firm. Our position on high-frequency traders is the same. They continue, we believe, that they provide a significant value to us. We also believe that they actually reduce frictional cost rather than add to it, and they're simply repeating what a lot of the economic analysis that has been done, that is actually seeing. And we are also seeing it ourselves. I don't know if you saw last week or the week before last, the CIO of Vanguard, who is a user of our market, he mentioned the value of these traders and these types of trades. And what we are doing actively is working with the CFTC through their so-called Technical Advisory Group. Our COO, Bryan Durkin, serves on that group. And that group is taking a very systematic approach to who are these traders, what do they do, how do you define what a high-frequency trader is and the value that they add. And so there's no change from that front. Even though the full focus of the investigation currently seems to be on the cash side, we expect that there will be some legal work to our side, too.
Phupinder S. Gill: And I think that the first part of the question that you had was with respect to what extent we expected the so-called proprietary traders to participate. I think you have to make the decision between high-frequency guys and proprietary guys, some of the proprietary guys are high-frequency guys, not all of them. But I would expect some of these high-frequency traders to be very involved as the liquidity develops in the swap products themselves. And to the extent that they do participate and trade flat at the end of the day, the pricing scheme that we talked about at the start of this would actually help them and encourage them to add the liquidity to the swaps marketplace.
Phupinder S. Gill: Gaston, this is Gill. I think we had mentioned on several calls that we were going to be opportunistic. And if you look at the weak marketplace and the benchmarks that we have with our Chicago board of trade wheat, I think the Kansas City Board of trade re-contract it as a significant enhancement to the quality of the product. For us it made enormous sense for our client base. It provides an off and on opportunity to enhance the value of the weak offering that we have with this complementary add-on. So I think it's very much in line with what we have which is a set of global benchmarks across all of the asset classes, and we simply added yet another one of those benchmarks to what is a very viable offering to begin with.
Phupinder S. Gill: I don't know that the Chicago Board -- or that the Kansas City Board of Trade acquisition represents the beginning of a trend, but I do know it is an opportunistic buy for us. They are -- there may be some other things out there, we have nothing to announce at this time. But as Jamie had emphasized in the past, we will continue to remain opportunistic with respect to opportunities that emerge not just here, but around the world.
Phupinder S. Gill: Patrick, this is Gill. I think with respect to the CDS phase, we have said that our focus is going to be in clearing the marketplace. And our philosophy there as swaps is concerned, is to be a clearing service provider, not just in credit default swaps, energy and rates, but across all the successive classes that we have. So we are focused on clearing the index futures once they get done all, I mean, of the byproducts that come about from that industry.
Phupinder S. Gill: It makes sense though to assume that because the Eurodollars and the treasuries that we trade are a natural complement to the swap that are being traded out there to the extent that you have a client base that trades swaps, they would have some portion of the asset in our futures market.
Phupinder S. Gill: We don't. The transparency that you have on outside of the world is not replicated on the OTC side. So the only information that we have is in talking directly to our buy side clients. And I would say a very large chunk, in fact, the majority of the buy side clients, are very enthusiastic and interested in the margin offset that we have. For that specific reason, we have put up the optimizer tool out there. We're the only ones that have the optimizer tools because we're the only ones that have the offsets. And the take-up among the client base for the optimizer tool has been very encouraging to us.
Phupinder S. Gill: All right. Thanks, everybody, for your interest in CME Group. And we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Thank you.
James E. Parisi: And remember, this is a group of customers that we haven't previously been targeting, so it's incremental to the model for us. And remember, most of the expenses associated with the OTC clearing were already in our expense base. So the more business we can drive across the platform even an incentive rate, the better off we are.
James E. Parisi: Okay, Rich. So a couple of questions there. One was on the cash side, there is some activity on the cash side this quarter that I'd classify as investing or financing-type activities. So every quarter, we have $150 million dividend roughly that we pay. So that's certainly was an outflow. We also had outflows associated with our acquisition of Pivot, and some other outflows types of some interest losses that we have. So it's all financing-related, and the total of that was probably in the area of $270 million. On the -- in terms of using some of that $750 million at the end of the year as part of the return and then replenishing that later, we tend to take out a pretty conservative approach here. We want to maintain that $750 million to fulfill the maturity that's coming up next year. So as I said on the last call, that's kind of off-the-table in terms of the consideration for return. We will have excess cash above and beyond of that, that we'll be looking at.
James E. Parisi: Sure. In terms of Pivot, it's being integrated into the business. I'm not going to give you detailed financials on it. It's rather small. But I will say, for the increase that you're seeing from Q3 to Q4 in terms of the guidance that I gave you, maybe 1/2, upwards of 1/2 of that increase is tied to Pivot -- I'm sorry, a little bit less than that, maybe 1/4 of it is tied to Pivot. So that will give you some sense there. In terms of the -- taking the expenses out of the JV, from the JV and the sale of CMA, et cetera, we said that last quarter, it was probably around, on a net basis, somewhere around $11 million a quarter. So that aspect of it. In terms of expenses going forward, we are in the middle of our budgeting process for the coming years, so I don't want to give any details out there yet. We will give more details on that in the call next time around.
James E. Parisi: Sure, Jillian. This is Jamie. The Dow Jones CMA revenue in Q2 that flowed through that line was in the neighborhood of $25 million, so -- that's what came out, related to that. And the remainder of the decrease would have been tied generally to some continued decrease in terminals as you continue to see layoffs on the Street.
James E. Parisi: And on the economic side, do remember that this product is licensed. So the license fees are similar to what we would pay on other licensed products. And then the fees are around the treasury, around the treasury rates.
James E. Parisi: It's really hard to pinpoint that because there's just so many different aspects of it and I don't have the number here for you. Professional fees, in general, are going to be fluctuating up and down from quarter-to-quarter, whether it's because of regulatory issues or growth opportunities that we're looking at or other issues where we've got a pulling consultants. So it's really hard to give you a run rate.
James E. Parisi: I guess the 1 big thing to keep in mind is that, we've got the case CBOT transaction out there. So that $126 million of cash that I mentioned earlier would be something that could come out of that cash in the fourth quarter.
James E. Parisi: Yes. I think that for now, the $700 million is still the minimum cash that we want to get -- that we want to target as a whole, as you pointed out, includes all of our contributions to the financial safeguard packages both here and in our European clearing house. It also can cover some of our liquidity requirements that are imposed on us by our regulators. But right now, we're comfortable that we're meeting and exceeding the regulatory requirements in terms of capital from the regulators. But all of those, as you readily pointed out, have not yet been finalized. So there's still a little bit of a question mark over that. So one of the key things that's going to drive the capital requirements for the clearing house in particular is going to be the strength of the financial safeguard package. Our financial safeguard package is in a very good, very strong position and that's one of the key drivers of what FTCP [ph] Capital requirements is going to be.
James E. Parisi: I would say it's not dependent on the outcome of the election. I think even -- no matter what the outcome of the election is going to be, the tax laws are going to take time for people to address. So just to be on the safe side, I think it's something that we should consider at year end, and we'll be talking to our board about that.
James E. Parisi: And a lot of those high turnover targeted firms in the swaps arena are members of CME already. So on the swaps future side, they would come in at their normal rates for a member.
James E. Parisi: It's a little early now, but I would anticipate that we will do a refinancing. We've said all along that we want to maintain a reasonable level of debt on the balance sheet. As you know, we're targeting no more than 1x debt-to-EBITDA ratio, so refinancing those would keep us right in that ballpark.
Terrence A. Duffy: And, Howard, it's Terry. I agree with everything that Gill said. I think that what he's referencing in the ClearPort issue of 2 weeks ago, we were clearly told by the chairman and the staff that Core Principle 9 and the rules associated with it would not be addressed until the SEF rules were written. And then they did an about-face on us, and they addressed Core Principle 9, and it put a lot of uncertainty into the marketplace and our clients. So we saw a huge drop off in the ClearPort trading, in a 2-week period, going from roughly 400,000 to 250,000 a day. And then when we're able to get the commission to allow the existing ESFs, or exchange swap futures, to push to the end of the year, give our clients a reasonable amount of time to transition to smaller block transactions versus what they were doing on ClearPort, we started to see an uptick back in that business. So people are accepting that, but there was a disruption. I actually look at the entire year, Howard, more of a macro event on volumes than I do just the regulatory issues. I think the regulatory issues have a play in it, but I do believe and I've said this here for years, so this isn't the first time I've said it, that this year was setting up for a disaster for volumes from day 1. If we had so many different macro events going on, it's going to be very difficult for volumes to grow. The market started and ended up in the same place in 2011 and people spun themselves around. And now we came out from a record year, so it's going to be very difficult to match that, and people now have had no certainty as far as government policy issues or anything of that nature. So -- and hence what we've seen is corporations hoard cash and individuals hoard cash at the same time. And that's not just me saying, that's a fact. We've got over $2 trillion sitting on the books of corporations today and the amount of money that's sitting in people's personal bank accounts or in the mattresses is got to be staggering. There's so much uncertainty, where to keep it, where it's safe, where it's not. So I think there's many macro events. And then, with this fiscal cliff coming down the road, we have a big issue here. This government of ours could be shut down if, in fact, certain things play out. And that -- people don't know what that means for the marketplace. So again, it's hard to do risk management transactions when you're figuring on decisions that we only -- we haven't seen since Newt Gingrich in '94 is the last time something like this happen. So this is not the average course of business, and I think people need to realize that. But we will get clearer skies and smoother waters as time goes on here, and I think we'll get back to more of a normalcy.
Terrence A. Duffy: I think what's also important, to add to what Gill said. We do have hard position limits in the last 3 days of trading. And then prior to that, we have accountability levels which are basically in line with our competition that has the same kind of type of structure but may call it something different. So even though that some of our competition has come out and said that they will not adhere, obviously imposing a position limit since the rulings come out, it doesn't impact the way businesses were done prior to the ruling.
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes, I can pick up. And I think Kim could probably talk to some of the current efficiencies as well. But from the perspective of the -- what we talked about on the deliverable swap futures like capital efficiency, not just the 1-day versus 5-day margin treatment, and also the fact that these positions net down because they were futures as opposed to sitting as open line items on an interest rate swap, these net down at a daily basis in some highly efficient from a trading in and out perspective. I mean to the extent of the cross margining is available day 1 from the deliverable swap futures relative to our treasuries newer dollar [ph] complex. They'll also be available as cross margin. I believe 19 November is the date that we're rolling out clients portfolio margining as well. There are some tools that we've been putting out there. We've got an optimizer tool that allows customers really for the first time to load a portfolio and actually have that help them determine what amounts and what type of their futures portfolio to allocate to their swap portfolio to optimize their margin offsets. So they have said that firms are trying to participate in CCA [ph] and understand the impact of their business with optimizer tool, we think is the best tool we can provide right now to help them optimize what they put in the clearing house for clearing.
Terrence A. Duffy: That's a great point. And just picking up 1 more theme there from a participation point of view. A lot of the kind prop firms that we're talking about are firms that have not traditionally have been able to access the OTC by data role in interest rate swaps. So by providing a liquidity pool and a customer base that's actually interacting in equivalent product, they have an opportunity as a new client to participate in the market that wasn't available to them before.
Derek Sammann: Yes. It's Derek. I would add to that, across -- if you look across the breadth of products, that what we are seeing, there's greater acceptance of standardization. So it certainly creates an opportunity for futures product that align and have the same economic equivalent of the swaps market. And those products that are most standardized blend themselves to be in central limit order book key product, which is one of the core principles behind Core Principle 9. So we're seeing that. We're actually, relative to the deliverable swap future, very pleased with the progress we've made, particularly at the dealer community on the basis of accepting what might be a shift towards futures and to really execute the same level of risk. Certainly, providing client choice on the execution, whether it comes from the format of an expert transaction or a central limit order book or a swap that we clear, it's about client choice. So we've been doing a good job to listen to our customers and provide those options.
Derek Sammann: This is a futures product, clear and outright, to the extent we just talked about client choice and the capital efficiency of trading this particular underlying risk and equivalency of the interest rates swap and the future creates capital efficiencies, attended to a financial future, which is a 1-day margin versus a 5-day margin treatment under Dodd-Frank for financial swaps. So to the extent that the -- the interest that we've gotten for this product is, I think it's not underestimating the support for the product, when we can claim that we've got market makers in the form of Goldman, Morgan Stanley, Citi and Credit Suisse. There's a lot of support for this product in both the buy side and the sell side. Compare that to the traction we got with our original swap future 5 years ago, it was a different time and a different opportunity. So I think the trends that you're talking about regarding the pace of change, regarding the focus on capital efficiency, has created a new climate for support for futurized products that will guard [ph] swaps.
Derek Sammann: Yes. And it's priced in the line. This is both the opportunity and the challenge for it. The market says, we see the conversions between OTC and futures. When you look at economic equivalent products, obviously, there's going to be a function of aligning the fees and all of them cost the transact of these products as well. So when we're looking at customer choice and trying to provide maximum customer choice, we'll try to make sure that we've got consistency in terms of what the customer chooses to transact and where they transact.
Derek Sammann: Well, I think when you look at the contract size, then you'll get how we've actually looked at the equivalent notional per transaction, we tried to align those. So we are consistent with equivalent risk that a customer might put in relative to a treasury future, for example. And there's no comp out there, outside CME because no one else has this particular product. But we think about the notionalized and the cost for notion a million-dollar transaction.
Derek Sammann: Sure. I think it probably is easiest to talk in terms of what we think the expectations or the timeline for impacting the market is. So we're really working on the assumption that the first impact from Dodd-Frank is going to hit roughly in about February, where the first phase hitting at the hedge funds, the major swap participants and the swap dealers. That's going to include most of these vanilla products on the major currencies which is the bulk of the IRS market. The second wave hits in about May, gets down on the non-dealer bank, the insurance companies and active hedge funds, and then scales out through August through the tail end of the year. So we've had, as you've heard us talk about in the past, the number of firms, both alive with us now but also number of firms testing in preparation for the actual impact of the mandate. In the launching of the deliverable swap future, you've seen us with a pretty strong track record of product launches. I think Gill had mentioned in some of his prepared comments around the ability to scale and grow our business. And you think about the impacts for open interest, over 10% of our current open interest are from products we've developed over the last 2 years. Very strong statement on track record of the other [ph] growth products to adapt to client demand. So in terms of, if I had a crystal ball, I'll tell you what those numbers are going to be. But we certainly think that given the uptick we're getting from both the buy and the sell side as the impacts start to hit the bottom line of the firms, that we're looking for a decent trajectory of our futures' launch or the deliverable swap future. It's a note '13 launch, but we're expecting that to scale for the first and second quarters of next year. Again, harping on the same issue of customer choice, if customers want to clear, they can choose the OTC clearing services. If they want to really shift their business or a part of their business directly into futures, we have that. And the smaller players that might get maybe squeezed out of the ability to clear having the opportunity to leverage the deliverable swap future as an alternative to stay in that market and stay active and also benefit directly from the capital efficiencies.
