John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Terry. During the first quarter, CME generated approximately $1.350 billion in revenue. Adjusting for the impact of the formation of OSTTRA, our joint venture with S&P Global, which we launched in September of last year, our revenue grew over 13% for the quarter. As Terry mentioned, market data revenue was a record up 5% to $152 million. We continue to see a lot of interest in our globally relevant product set. Expenses were very carefully managed and, on an adjusted basis, were $425 million for the quarter and $344 million, excluding license fees. The expenses include approximately $6 million toward our cloud migration. The operating leverage in our model is significant. Again, adjusting for the impact of the formation of OSTTRA, when you compare the first quarter 2022 to the first quarter last year, our revenue rose by approximately $158 million and adjusted expenses increased only $22 million. CME had an adjusted effective tax rate of 23%, which resulted in an adjusted net income of $766 million, up 19.5% from the first quarter last year and an adjusted EPS attributable to common shareholders of $2.11. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were approximately $22.5 million. CME paid out over $1.5 billion of dividends during Q1, and cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $2.1 billion. In addition to helping our clients manage their risk, we are making progress in our partnership with Google. We have completed the discovery phase of our analysis of our applications and have begun to build the technical foundation to move them to the Google Cloud platform. Our initial focus will be on moving trading data to the cloud and leverage Google’s excellent data management capabilities. We will also be looking to move our corporate and clearing systems as part of the first phase of the migration. In summary, the team at CME Group is focused on our clients and on executing on our strategic priorities. Please refer to the last page of our executive commentary for additional financial highlights and details. With that short summary, we’d like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Dan. Thanks for the question. Yes, in terms of the expenses, the entire team here at CME Group has done a tremendous job, not just this year, but for many years managing our costs – all the employees are here at CME are focused on, ensuring that we spend as efficiently as possible, and you can see that as evident in this quarter’s results. We also, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we’ve got tremendous leverage in our model, and you can see that reflected in our 68% margins for the quarter. We do expect to see a higher level of expenses in the following quarters as we see the full impact of our employee merit increases, which we put on pause last year, and they became effective in March. So you’ll see that play out for the rest of the year. Also, as I mentioned in our guidance last quarter, we expect to see about $30 million for an improving business environment, including increased travel, marketing events and customer-facing resources, which we’re expected to see ramp up throughout the year. We, as an organization, will always be diligent on our costs. But thinking, as Terry indicated in his remarks, we are well positioned to serve our clients, to manage their risk in this really uncertain time, and we want to make sure that we’ve got the resources to do that. And we’ve also – are seeing an improving operating environment where we expect to be able to do more traveling and in-person marketing events to help our clients.
John Pietrowicz: It was, but not to the extent that we expected in the back half of the year, especially in Asia, in particular. That’s an area that you really haven’t seen it open up as much as you’re seeing it in Europe. And we’re seeing more kind of in-country events than cross-country events, so international travel, in particular. So, we expect that to be ramping up. And also, as I indicated in our discussion last quarter, we are making investment in customer-facing resources that we expect to see ramp up throughout the year, especially in our international offices.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, sure. Thanks, Alex. So in terms of our nonoperating section of our income statement, I’ll just cover both. That’s up about $11.5 million sequentially. It’s two major pieces. One, as you indicated, the earnings on cash held by our clients at the clearinghouse, which is up about $5 million. We saw higher average cash balances of about $2.2 billion. Our returns were 7 basis points, up about 2 basis points from last quarter. As you indicated, in mid-March, the Fed increased rates to 40 basis points. So, we are returning 27 basis points to our clients, and we’re keeping 13 basis points ourselves. So, if you look at it that way, all things being equal, you should see a difference between the 7 basis points and the 13 basis points going forward. So, I think the – currently, our average cash balances through April – so our average cash balance at the end of – for Q1 was $152.2 billion. The average cash balances for the month of April is $161 billion is the average that we have through April. We did see the ending balance in Q1 of about 200 – I’m sorry, ending balance of $165.5 billion in Q1, and we’re seeing the ending balance on $425 million of $159.3 billion. So the amount of cash at our clearing house is still pretty robust. The second piece in our nonoperating portion of our income statement, as I said, $5 million of the sequential increase of $11.5 million was related to earnings on cash held by clients at the clearinghouse. The other piece is the earnings from our S&P Dow Jones joint venture, which was up about $6 million sequentially and up about 16% year-over-year, and that JV continues to perform extremely well.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, I’ll take that, and I’ll kick it over to Sunil and Julie also for some comments. But yes, we’re making really good progress. If you want to think of it this way, we’ve done the deep due diligence on our applications as we prepare to migrate to the cloud. So that takes a lot of work where we basically are analyzing each application, determining what the right course of action is as we migrated to the cloud. As I’ve indicated in the past, this is not a lift and shift. It’s really a lift, analyze the applications and look at optimizing them and then automating it when we get to the cloud, right? So at the end of the day, once the applications get to the cloud, we should have a much more efficient application suite and – in the cloud. So that’s our objective. And as I indicated previously, this – at the end of this, it will be a much more efficient operation of our applications so that it’s got good financial characteristics over the 10-year period of the agreement. But also our expense levels, assuming all things being equal in terms of trading activity and the like, should be at a lower cost as well. So excited about that. So that’s the first phase. We are looking at moving our market data and trading data to the cloud. We do have an offering now with Google. We’re looking to expand the capabilities of that offering, and that is ongoing. What’s great about Google is they’re excellent at managing large amounts of data, and we will be looking to move our data to the cloud and offering analytics and other capabilities around that data. Also, during this process, as we indicated last quarter, we’ll be moving some of our risk models to the cloud. Why is that important? Well, as Terry indicated, risk management is critical in this uncertain time, and we want to be able to give our clients all the insights to help manage their risk as we can. And I would say last is kind of our corporate system. So it’s the stuff that we use internally to run and operate the business. We’ll be looking to leverage the cloud for that. With that, I’ll turn it over to Julie and Sunil for some comments.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. That’s kind of the near-term things that we’re focused on. I think what’s important is the long-term strategy that we have around the migration of the cloud and providing our clients easier access to the markets over time, which I think, as we all indicated at the time we did the transaction, that’s really what we’re very excited about is kind of the long-term opportunity here.
Terry Duffy: Yes. Thanks, Rich. I mean there’s a lot packed into your question, and I did refer to how we were positioned well at the last call or people to manage their risk in a very uncertain world and I believe is what you’re referencing. And I think we’ve done a really good job of that and reflecting in the numbers of our first quarter. So, we are quite pleased to be able to manage the risk that we’ve been able to do in every major asset class around the world that people participate in here at CME. So that being said, I have never measured a year on a quarter. I like to measure the year-on-year. So, I think there’s a lot more left to this year with the – I think you’re referring to the volume at April probably being at 20 – just over 20 million contracts a day, which is now from the $26 million that we had in the first quarter with the volatility coming off a little bit and what does that mean. I don’t think it means anything. I think this means that we have to measure the entire year. We’re seeing what can happen when people need to manage risk in a real-time basis, and that’s what we provide the deep liquid markets for them to do that. We’ve seen, and no one saw coming, some of the unprecedented events that we have seen over the last six to eight to 12 weeks in this country around the world. So, I’m really pleased with that. How does that translate into future volumes? It’s hard to predict there, Rich, as you know. On the margin, there are – we’ve had massive moves in markets. So the CME does move its margins up and down, as you are aware, and then we have a minimum rate. And then there’s our firms – member firms that we don’t control what they decide to charge their clients on top of what the margin required by CME is. Every firm seems to be different. We do communicate with firms as it relates to their everyday business, and they do talk about risk and volatility and margins, and we all know that they charge something a little bit different. So that’s out of our control. What we’re here to do is make sure we can provide deep liquid markets for people to transfer. We want to be cautious about talking about margins because we’re talking about risk. And when we’re talking about some of the most unprecedented times in the history of the world, we want to be careful not to be dismissive of some of the margins that have happened during these times. So, I would say not unexpected to see some of the margins going up significantly at the firm level, because I don’t think anybody has ever seen a boots on the ground or on the European soil since World War II. So, I think that those are – there’s so many different factors going into it, which is causing the margin increases at the firm level. So again, we’ll let this play out through the balance of the year, and we’ll stay focused on letting people manage their risk.
Terry Duffy: So Brian, I hope you can see that the micro complex, what Julie and the team said, is a feeder of new client acquisition, which is extremely important. Derek emphasized that, and I can’t stress that enough. This is not cannibalization from one contract to another. These are new clients coming into this company that were never here before. And whether they’re trading micros or the larger contracts, is based on the risk tolerance. And they’re managing risks. These are not the pure retail traders. When Derek referenced retail, these are not people that are trading like sports contracts. These are people managing risk. These are participants in the market on a daily basis. So I think it’s really important that we emphasize that point. But thank you for that question.
Terry Duffy: Kyle, it’s Terry Duffy. Let me take the back part of that question on the regulatory side, and I’ll let Sunil Cutinho take the front side, which is the risk management. So on the regulatory front, you’d be purely speculating on what the agency may or may not do. You got to remember this came out of an FCA-regulated marketplace. The way they tore up trades on one side is something that we do not do here, and Sunil can walk you through more of the risk management associated the way we manage risk versus how they manage the risk. Whether the position limits would come under question, position limits probably would not have had any effect on what the outcome here was on LME was more on the risk management itself, not the exact position limits itself. So the concentration of risk is a different thing than the position limit. So these are different factors. I don’t see our government taking this up in any which way, shape or form due to what happened in nickel. I mean, there’d be no reason to. So – but at the same time, I’ll reserve that. I will be testifying in Washington in May not only on a host of things but – not on LME, but mostly on risk in general. So that may come up. We’ll see when – how the Congress feels about it then. So let me ask Sunil to talk more about the risk side.
Terry Duffy: Kyle, hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color. But I mean, again, this is their situation, not ours, and we don’t want to comment too much further on their situation. 
Terry Duffy: Chris, it’s Terry Duffy. Again, as I said, I’ll be testifying on May 12 specifically on this topic, along with some other folks. It’s always difficult to predict what the ultimate outcome is. But I don’t see any knee-jerk reaction into market structure that’s going to change in any direction. And let me be clear about this. If there is a market structure change in any direction, it won’t preclude CME from participating in such market structure changes that could benefit this immensely if, in fact, we see that to be the case. I don’t know that to be the case, but I don’t want people to think that crypto is the only one that has the ability to have its own separate regulation and the rest of the world has to sit idly by as they go unregulated or exempt from a whole host of issues that we’ve all been in compliance with today. So I do not see that to be an outcome whatsoever. So it’s a very frustrating topic to some degree, but at the same time, we’ll be patient. We’ll go through it. We’ll give our views exactly as it relates to their application. The flaws in their application, they’re glaring they say the least, and we will be opposing that application. The industry is very concerned about some of the things there in NetApp. So again, you can’t just create an application and pass it because it’s a new asset class. The CFTC also has to look at innovative new products. I will tell you that you cannot say that you have innovation for the sake of innovation. It’s got to be still under the principles-based regulatory regime that is highly outlined in the CFTC today, and you can’t go outside of that just for the sake of innovation. So it will be fascinating to see how this all plays out, but I do not see anything playing out in the near term at all.
Terry Duffy: Michael, it’s Terry Duffy. Obviously, M&A is always something that people want to look at. You don’t want to be dismissive of potential opportunities that could benefit your shareholders and, obviously, your user base to create more efficiencies. You are correct, though, in your opening statement, where you said a lot of it is consolidated in the vertical silos that we have seen around the world already.  So the question will be what do you see outside of that. And I think that people are looking multiple different directions of how they can create efficiencies in the businesses. One of the reasons I was so passionate with my team about doing the Google transaction, it allowed us to have the greatest technology in the world as we implement new products coming across, which might create opportunities that we don’t even know today or tomorrow as it relates to M&A. So I think that’s how people are going to be looking at it. You’re correct, though, the landscape has shrunk over the last decade. And the deals that we all used to talk about 10, 12 years ago are pretty much repped up. But we continue to look at it to see how it will benefit CME. But I think, again, the technology that we have. I can’t emphasize that enough, is really important for us as we go forward.
Terry Duffy: Let me thank you all again for joining us today. We appreciate it very much. We’re quite proud of our quarter. We will continue to work as we go through the balance of the year. So thank you all very much. Stay safe, stay healthy. Thank you.
Julie Winkler: Yes. As John pointed out, getting the data into the cloud is certainly a big piece of additional product development that we can do on top of that. So, as we mentioned last quarter, it was a big opportunity for us now to be able to complete our listed CME futures and options data into the cloud. So, we moved all of our options data into GCP earlier this month. And so now we really have a full suite of that, both futures and options data, available in historical and real-time format for our clients to be able to access. And the team is actively working on some additional projects based on the unique data sets that we have here at CME and with the wide range of benchmark products that we have available. There are some unique total cost analysis and other benchmarking that we can do. So, we are actively working on that and excited to be able to really test that with customers as we proceed in an agile way of that product development. So, we’ll expect more as the year progresses.
Julie Winkler: Well, thanks for the question, Brian. I’ll just maybe start with some broad comments about kind of retail and the micro piece of that and then turn it over to Derek and Sean to talk a little bit more about the financial results in their business. Q1 for our retail business was a record quarter. And so revenue there was up another 7% higher than that highest quarter on record that we had before in Q1 of 2020. And a lot of that certainly was driven by the micro performance. I’d say it continues to see strong growth around the globe. So North America led the pack there really being up 34%. And when we look at the participation numbers, which is a key part of helping us really kind of – work with our broker partners as well as the results, the number of retail traders is still up almost double digits in this quarter. And we’re continuing to see that our model in working with our distribution partners is bringing net new traders into the marketplace that’s well outpacing what we saw in 2021. So the acceleration is still there, which is great. On the micros front, this has really been, I’d say, a continued story from what we’ve seen since we launched is that this is a critical component of our new client acquisition strategy. Because of the size of these contracts, we are seeing people start entering our marketplace and getting familiar with our products through this micro suite. And as Terry had mentioned earlier, a lot of the strategy here is on continuing to add net new products into that micro suite, which has been a key part of that growth as well as the volatility that we did see in Q1 naturally leads itself to a higher uptake of micro participation. The kind of some of the other trends, just to wrap up from my side, the number of traders that begin as kind of micro only and are graduating, we are seeing that increase, and we’re seeing that as clients move on from micro to standard products, that, that revenue, on average, is also making them more sticky to our business. And so I think it’s important. A key part is getting the clients in, but it’s also helping them continue their journey into our other products here at CME Group. So with that, maybe I’ll turn it over to Derek first.
Julie Winkler: Yes. And John mentioned it earlier, right? A key component of our sales strategy and go-to-market opportunities is really about having people on the ground in region, building relationships with clients, understanding their needs and driving the educational opportunities that we have within the region, which is a huge part of particularly what we do in Asia not with our own staff, but also with a large network of third-party educators that we work with to help continue to promote our products.  So we have allocated additional resources internationally to continue that growth that we have seen. Say, as I look at the sales engagement numbers, the biggest year-on-year growth that we saw in sales productivity actually came and was led by our APAC region, where that was up over 100% versus what we saw in Q1 of 2020. And so a lot of this is about continuing to build out the teams. We have been very successful at leading a very focused approach with our country planning. And we’ve been working at that throughout the years and have really in a place now that we’re able to take that to the next level as we put more resources on the ground. We have found right with that focus. And with that, we can really drive greater execution. And a lot of what we’re looking at as well is just the product opportunities. So with the new client acquisition that we’re seeing with Micro, with our partners in the region, with Asia starting to open back up. Our Singapore office will be opening in the coming weeks; we’re excited about being able to drive more in-person events in the region, which is a key part of our strategy as well. So engagement there, again and outreach has been extremely high, and more resources, we believe, will lead to increased growth going forward.
Julie Winkler: I’ll just add, we’ve been working over the last couple of years, right, to bring greater commercialization to that business. And that, I believe, is part of what you’re seeing in the record results this quarter. And this is not just about making sure that our professional subscribers have access to all of our real-time benchmarks but also understanding what other needs they have and what other data you potentially can create and monetize, and we’re also seeing some great growth in our benchmark business. And so what we’ve been able to do in just nine months with our term SOFR licensing with now 900 different firms license with over 4,000 licenses, that’s a new revenue stream for that didn’t even exist nine months ago. So extremely focused on where there are growth opportunities, and there, through CME’s trading business, we also can create good opportunities, and that is definitely top of mind with revenue generation in the future. 
Derek Sammann: Yes. I think the micro story has actually played out really well. As you recall, we just launched the Micro WTI contracts in July of last year. And certainly, going into now the asset inflation story that we’ve seen in energy over the last four months, it couldn’t come at a better time. I’ll pick up on a comment that Julie made. This is a new client acquisition story for us. If you look at the participation levels that we’re seeing in our contracts, we’ve traded – through Monday, we traded over 19 million contracts since launch. Almost 40% of our volume is trading outside the U.S. We have 55,000 unique traders, of which 28,000 of those customers have never traded a CME Group product before. So these are net new customers into our environment, into specifically energy and increasingly seeing the opportunity to cross-trade these customers out across other asset classes. So over 100 firms have put trades up, and what’s most important about this product is the global reach of the – since launch, over 48% of our volume in micros has emanated from outside the U.S. across 130 territories. So this is a terrific tool used by our partners and distribution points out in Europe and Asia to bring net new customers to us. And in Micro WTI, 31% of this volume is coming from pure retail traders, again, generally new participants into our world. So good new client acquisition story and it certainly complements our market, particularly in light of the fact that we’ve seen crude oil go from $60 to $100. That means our large contract went from a $60,000 contract to $100,000 contract. So these micro contracts at this point are a $10,000 contract well-sized for the risk tolerance of retail traders. With that, I’ll pass it over to Sean to talk about what we’re seeing in equities.
Derek Sammann: Yes. Ken, I appreciate the question. Yes, it’s certainly an interesting time in the base metals markets over these last couple of months. I think that the – what we saw was a significant and unexpected market disruption in nickel specifically. As you know, our COMEX business, since we bought that and integrated that into CME Group back in 2008, 2009, that started as a largely precious metals business and 85% to 90% of the volumes and revenues coming from the precious side. Over the last 10 years, we’ve significantly invested in growing out our base metals business led by copper, now aluminum, steel and a couple of other products.  What we’ve been able to establish is the credibility in the use of our COMEX copper contracts, specifically which meant that when this actually happened with LME, we immediately started to get calls from our own base metals customers experiencing the disruption in the nickel market and having concerns to express not only in the nickel market, but about the broader suite of best metals products where they’re trading right now, specifically aluminum. So you saw us announce yesterday that we’re going to be announcing or launching aluminum options. We actually were able to execute two successful physical aluminum options totaling 500 metric tons of U.S. aluminum to specifically help the physical participants in the aluminum market. So while customers are coming to us about the immediate disruption in the nickel market, as you probably know, we don’t have a physical nickel market today, that’s afforded us an opportunity to be able to more easily put those customers over into our liquid COMEX base metals product already, and we’re seeing that movement over. The work we’re doing right now is engaging those customers to find the easiest way to move them into our liquid contracts, and we’re certainly having ongoing conversations with them about what they would like to see as an alternative nickel market. That is a big complex market that requires physical delivery outside the U.S. So we’re converting – we’re conversing with the industry and the commercial participants to see what they would like, but the immediate opportunity is what we’re seeing in our liquid markets right now, copper, aluminum, et cetera. So a good opportunity for us.
Derek Sammann: Yes, good question. Yes, we’ve seen really significant growth as our investments in our non-U.S. personnel and infrastructure has continued to grow. If you actually look at 2021, we set a record all-time volume year for our business, and we actually – and I think it was about $5.5 million for total year 2021. We just missed setting an all-time record quarter in first quarter of this year. We came in at just $7.3 million ADV for the quarter, just missing an all-time record. It was our second best revenue and ADV quarter, as I said, up 18%, 19%, respectively. We see continued growth on the international option side, specifically. That’s an area of growth for us, and that is also an area that brings not just options business to us but associated futures hedging as well. If you look at the extent of our growth across the regions in Q1, we saw LatAm growing 29%, APAC growing 22% and EMEA business growing 18%, and our rate per contracts actually hung in their well given the high percentage of our options business that was getting done. Yes, we’re seeing micros broadly being a large non-U.S. participation area for us. And that’s – while that’s had some downward pressure in the RPC, typically, non-U.S. participation comes at a higher rate per contract. So volume and revenue has actually been quite well aligned there. I’ll turn it over to Julie to talk about some of the ways in which we’ve allocated additional sales staff and looked at our global reallocation of resources to Europe and Asia specifically, and we’ve just undergone a reorganization of our leadership globally as well to make sure that we can focus on the next 10 years of growth and unlock that – those steps in line with the commercial side of the business. So Julie can talk about some of the stuff we did on the sales side.
Derek Sammann: And Simon, just to put an exclamation point behind that, in the materials was circulated this morning on Slide 3, you’ll see a couple of graphs on the upper right-hand side. They’re showing the percent of each of our asset classes that are trading from outside the U.S., and you see some pretty healthy gains and consistent growth there. This is obviously Q2 – or Q1 2022 versus Q1 2021, but this is a consistent and, I’d say, a regular trend that we’ve been employing with the commercial resources and the products we’ve been pushing out there. So happy to go into more detail offline, but I hope that gives you both the product level and regional level sense of where we’re growing that business and the continued growth we’re seeing as a percentage of these asset classes growth as well.
Sean Tully: Yes, we’re very pleased with the growth of our micro products, the Micro E-minis. Growth this year around 29% year-over-year in terms of the ADV. Actually, that’s the month to date is about 29% [indiscernible] 35%. If you look at the overall volume, then about 3.2 million contracts a day. We did, on February 1, increased the fees on those contracts. So the Micro E-mini member fees, we increased from $0.04 to $0.05, and the Micro E-mini nonmember fees, we increased from $0.25 to $0.30. So increasing volume on increasing fees, something that’s very pleasing from our perspective. Well new product growth as – continues to supply a substantial portion of our growth overall. If you look at – and something that we update regularly, is our ADV and new product launch since 2010 within the financials unit. If you get new products launched since 2010 in the financials unit, in the first quarter, that amounted to 6.92 million contracts a day, generating $173 million in revenue. So 28% change on new product launch since 2010 in the financials unit. And we’ve recently updated the new product launched since 2017. So that is just in the last five years. That excludes a lot of our most successful products in our financials unit in the first half of our Ultra Bond future. It would exclude our Ultra 10-year futures and many of our very successful products. Nonetheless, if you will get new product launches in 2015 within the financials unit, they attained 5.39 million contracts a day in the first quarter, so more than 20% of the entire exchange volumes and more than $96 million in revenue.
Sean Tully: Yes. In terms of the hedging, we think that a regulated exchange, highly regulated, right, by the CFTC is a highly trusted exchange, right, in terms of margins is very important and a huge value proposition for customers who monitrade in the cryptocurrency space. So we have built a very good and strong business in the first quarter, running more than 50,000 contracts a day with approximately 61% growth in the ADV, a lot of that growth coming from the micro contracts, in particular, the Micro Ether contract.  So we’ve seen very, very strong growth with participants looking to trade on a trusted regulated exchange, namely CME. In addition to that, we’re very pleased with the increases in – rate fees that we instituted in February, similar to the ones I mentioned earlier in the Micro E-mini. If you look at our Bitcoin nonmember fees, for example, we raised them by $1 from $4 a contract to $5. For members, we raised them from $2.50 to $3. On the Ether, similar increases. For nonmembers, we raised them from $3 to $4; for members, from $1.50 to $2. So we are very pleased with the growth in volumes, the growth in the innovative new products on the micro side, and we’ve also recently launched the Micro Ether contracts and the micro options contract. So further pleasing results with growth in those contracts with increasing fees. Last thing I’ll mention is in regards to our recent announcement in April of 11 new currency reference rates. If you look at these new reference rates, how do we commercialize them and why are they important? Those 11 currency indexes represent more than 90% of what I would describe as the potentially efficiency-creating currencies for the marketplace. So these are nonstable coins, nonmeme coins. These are currencies that have the potential to improve the way payments are made across the financial system. How would we monetize those – look at what we did originally. We originally launched the Bitcoin and the Ether indexes. And a couple of years later, we launched the futures. And as you know, we are gaining substantial revenues from those futures today. So that is the primary commercialization opportunity.
Sean Tully: Sure. This is Sean jumping in. We’re pleased with how BrokerTec is performing this year. If you look at year-over-year, year-to-date, ADV for U.S. treasuries, it’s up 12%. If you look at the year-over-year month-to-date, ADV, it’s up 36%, doing overall this year, about $136 billion a day. So the U.S. Treasury business, I’d say, doing quite well.  In terms of new protocols, we’re very pleased with the growth of RV trading or relative value trading that I’ve talked about on the earnings calls before, creating new efficiencies where you have – mentioned lower bid offer spread and a very liquid market because of implied, that isn’t available anywhere else. In terms of the RV trading, we’re very pleased with March 29, a record day of more than 4 billion, again, on a base ADV this year about $136 billion, a significant positive impact; last month, $2.5 billion ADV. We certainly see greater and greater traction and greater customer usage of that product on a continuous basis in recent history. So we’re very pleased with that. In terms of BrokerTec Stream, we’re very excited about the current migration of EBS over to Globex and the use of this new and far superior technology. In particular, we’re very pleased with the new technology, QDM or quote-driven markets 2.0, that’s going to be applied to our EBS Direct business, again, in particular post migration. We will be and we have announced using that same technology for BrokerTec later this year. So we’re very excited to have a state-of-the-art direct streaming technology where we have a unique value proposition to offset, for example limits across the central limit order book and direct streaming again, something else that no one else can do. In addition to that, on BrokerTec, a couple of other items that I think may be of interest, U.S. repo is up 27% year-over-year, year-to-date. And in the first quarter, we had an all-time record U.S. repo for BrokerTec USA. In addition to that, we had an all-time record in EU repo, which is running likewise, around 12% growth year-over-year. So all-time records in U.S. repo, all-time records in EU repo and strong growth in U.S. on-the-run treasuries. The last thing I’ll mention in the repo side is we have spoken before about how we have built a new offering, we call it BrokerTec quote, which is helping to electronify the dealer to customer business in the repo market across the globe. That business, likewise doing very well. We had a record month recently of more than 17 billion a day, and we do what we call a term adjustment. So in other words, the dealer to customer repos tend to go on for several days and the term adjustment well over 200 billion a day. So significant positive progress on the BrokerTec business.
