Kimberly Taylor: I think that there has not been a substantial focus among our clients on that provision. I think, the clients feel that coming to a clearing house provides a significant degree of safety, and that our clearing house is very competitive. Our clearing house is very safe and secure compared to competing clearing houses.
Kimberly Taylor: This is Kim. I’ll make just a couple of comments about collaterals generally. We already hold a significant amount of collaterals between $80 billion and $100 billion worth of collateral, so we are very conscious of having programs that offer diversity. So there’s some variety of options for people to post collateral with us. The other thing I would want to point out is that you mentioned the rate swaps and if the rate swaps came into the CME clearing house, you have to remember that the primary hedge for people who are using interest rate swaps is actually our Eurodollar futures. And so it’s very likely that combining those two pools of activity in the same clearing house would actually result overall in a substantial decrease in the amount of collateral that is required. So, I think there’s couple of elements there to factor into your thoughts.
Kimberly Taylor: Just in addition to what Rick said about the efficiencies of reducing the collateral, I should probably point out that it’s wrong to look at collateral that’s posted with the clearing house as being effectively locked up and un-tradable because there is a very active amount of substitution every day. We need to have the right amount of collateral on deposit, but it doesn’t mean the collateral that’s up with us cannot be traded and freely substituted throughout the day, and we process hundreds of substitution transactions every day.
Kimberly Taylor: I’ll speak to part of that the assumption that capital requirements are going to be going up. I think that there are obviously provisions that would increase the capital that firms need to put aside for certain types of business. However, there are some offsetting provisions that we need to consider as well, because the capital requirements associated with centrally cleared over-the-counter derivatives are Basel proposals that are out there now are proposing a zero-risk weighting factor for the counterparty risk associated with using a central counterparty. So as more and more of that business moves to a central counterparty, the capital charges associated with that will actually be significantly reduced. So there are some offsetting elements.
Kimberly Taylor: This is Kim. I don’t think I’m going to be able to give you a definitive answer on that. I can give you a kind of a characterization of the way the open interest lays out and the Eurodollars is obviously where we have most of our open interest. The timeframes on the Eurodollars goes out for 10 years. As we enter the interest rate swap market, we will be entering that market going out as far as 30 years. But most of the activity is probably actually in the kind of seven to 10-year range. And so I can’t say that it will materially change the duration of our book of open interest. We do have Treasury securities obviously going out further out over the curve. The duration of the open interest there is also kind of primarily in the kind of 10-year range. I don’t know Rick if you have anything you want to add to that.
James Parisi: I’d just say on that point that generally for the first quarter, it was slightly dilutive for us and going forward in the next three quarters it will be neutral to slightly accretive.
James Parisi: Sure. On the methodology perspective under the old way we were looking at it which was we looked at the non-US dollars a little bit differently, and that the percentage would have gone from 19% to 20% in the more current quarter.
James Parisi: Yes. I think that’s what we were trying to show by the projected GDP growth in the slide by 2020. We do all agree that international can be a much bigger piece of our business, and you’ve seen that grow over the last few years as we’ve provided guidance on what percentage of the market it's been.
Laurent Paulhac: Yeah, I would be happy to do that. This is Laurent Paulhac. We continue to make very good progress on multiple front covering multiple asset classes. Credit default swap as you know has been a core focus of ours. Interest rate swap has been an effort that has gone on for quite some time. We are currently very actively engaged with a diverse group of industry participants. We’re working with a core group of banks as well as institutional buy-side firms. Through that process, we are working through a broad set of complex and challenging situations related to operational readiness, risk management, and other workflow related matters. We’re making very good progress in all those areas, and we continue to feel that our offering is shaping up to be a strong one. At this stage, we do not give any expectation of launch date, but this year throughout the year, we’ve made very good progress, and we continue to expect that through to end of the year.
Laurent Paulhac: We’ve been engaged on that process for quite some time, and through that period of time the regulatory landscape has evolved. The driving force behind our capability is really related to counterparty risk mitigation and capital efficiency, as well as operational efficiency. Those major themes have not Laurent really changed throughout any of the financial reform discussion. So, we feel quite secure with respect to the value that we bring to the marketplace. Now, of course, with more legislation and more activity in that front, it will create more tailwind for initiative, but to-date that has not been the core driver and actually we welcome that.
Laurent Paulhac: Yes. Foreign exchange OTC clearing continues to be an important project for us. We did announce that a while back. Where we’re spending most of our time today is actually working again with industry participants and working through the workflow. So that offering is predominantly ready with respect to a lot of the work that needs to be done within CME, but a lot that needs to be done at this stage actually in partnership with third parties and market participants. So once we’ve made more progress, we will make definitive statement on that, but at this stage its work in progress.
Terry Duffy: I guess, it’s speculation at best right now Howard, because the language is yet to be completed and with the vote last night by the Senate, it basically opens up the Senate to a bunch of amendments from both sides of the aisle to see if you can carve out some different end user exemptions, and that will have a big determining effect on whether the business can be migrated overseas or stays more predominantly in the US, but you've got to remember two of the biggest mortgage providers Fannie and Freddie are [going probably to] require to clear here in the US, which is going to have banks wanting to be in compliance with US law in order to do that business. So there is a lot of moving parts here still, Howard, but I think we’ll get more clarity over the next several days as the senate continues its debate and see what end user provisions come forward. I don't know if you want to add to that.
Terry Duffy: I’m going to call him Howard then. Rich, I agree with what Craig said, and as far as the buy-side determining where and how these contracts will be cleared, obviously this is all in draft legislation coming out of the two bills as you pointed out at the beginning of your question. So that can obviously change. We don’t know. So we don’t want to draw any conclusions on that. And so we’ll have to see how that shapes out. And as far as the banks being weakened, I still think that the banks have a very strong position, not only in this country but globally and they are going to continue to have that for many years to come. So, I don’t see that going away. But I do believe that they also see the value in central counterparty clearing, and the ability that CME Group offers especially with our interest rate complex.
Terry Duffy: We are already I think 10% of the average daily volume in the iBovespa contract just over the last eight or nine months. So, I think those numbers could potentially be fairly significant as we continue to expand those access arrangements with other exchanges and into other products.
Terry Duffy: I think some of that decline you are seeing over time as well is that in some of the smaller markets you may see a higher percentage of non-member trading. But then as those markets begin to get more traction and more volume coming through them, then the percentage of member trading in them tends to grow. And you’ve seen some of that over the years in the FX contract as well.
Terry Duffy: It’s Terry. I think what I said earlier and I believe I don’t think there is much in the pending legislation that affects our core business. What the biggest risk could be on our growth opportunities in clearing could be some of this business migrating overseas if the laws are too onerous. So I think that would be the largest risk. But again from a core standpoint, we feel pretty comfortable that the legislation does not impact our business.
Terry Duffy: Well, we’ve definitely seen substantial traction in the area of metals, energy as well as our equity products. I think, the growth that you’re seeing here can be underscored by the significant investments that we have placed in our regional offices in our locales in which we have a very intensive and focused sales program reaching out to both the Asian as well as the European local users of these markets. The other thing that I think has definitely added to the benefits of our offering is, the platform that we offer and the partnerships that we’ve actually levered with a number of the leading exchanges throughout the world that has introduced interest both in our products as well as exposure to their products. And it’s definitely reaped benefits in us in terms of bringing in new clients.
Terry Duffy: I don’t think we can forecast with a crystal ball what might happen, but obviously the increase in depth of liquidity and lower effective spreads is always very positive. So I think, the best that we can say is that that’s a very healthy indicator of the functioning of the market.
Terry Duffy: And just to add to what Craig said, no one on either side of the aisle is opposing the end user exemption for these small producers of whatever product there maybe. So as long as you are bona fide hedger or end user in that product line, nobody is opposing that.
Terry Duffy: All right. Thank you all for participating, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you again for your participation. That does conclude today’s conference call.
Craig Donohue: The only thing I would add, Howard, is I think in the bills that are pending and, of course, again we don’t know exactly how that will come out, but there certainly is a delegation of substantial authority to the market regulators to I think make sound judgments about what types of swap contract should be traded on either an exchange or on alternative swap execution facility and what types of swap contracts perhaps should be exempt from that. And I think if I understood your question correctly, I would imagine that they will be sensitive to respecting the fact that some contracts are complex and likely would suffer in terms of liquidity provision or risk transfer, if they were forced to be traded on an exchange. So we just don’t know the answer to that is really I think the best answer.
Craig Donohue: Well, I’ll start and then may be my colleagues will want to add. Obviously, we are continuing to focus as I said in the prepared remarks on market efficiency, depth of liquidity, and low transaction and frictional costs for market users. Obviously, the pool of liquidity that we provide our customers is very valuable to them and very substantial. As I know you’re well aware, we also provide, I think, very superior portfolio and cross-margining benefits in terms of the range of not only interest rate products but the breadth of other products that we also clear through the CME clearing house but we are also continuing to look at new and new and innovative ways in which we can further expand those efficiencies and we’ll have more to say on that in the coming months. But I think we’re confident that if we continue to focus on the efficiency of our liquidity pool and the efficiency of our clearing house as well as the other services that we provide our clients will continue to be in a very strong competitive position. This has been always I think a very intensely competitive industry. We’ve always respected the competition that we’ve faced in the past in the Treasury and [Eurodollar] market, and I think you’ve seen from us a very strong history of doing what we do extremely well in the face of tough competition.
Craig Donohue: Rich, let me start. I know Terry is going to want to add. I think first of all I would say our focus as an exchange and as a central counterparty has always been to work with both the dealer community as well as the buy-side in a very balanced way. And that will continue I think to be our focus. I think obviously you’ve got competing language out there and competing concepts between the Senate and the House versions, and we don’t really know what the net effect of that will be, and we’re certainly aware of those provisions, but we don’t know what the sustainability of them will be as the legislation goes through the process of becoming completed. But our goal and our intention will be to work with the whole community of OTC market participants in a balanced and fair way. Call him Rich. That will make him happy.
Craig Donohue: I think, the best answer to that is really what Terry said in his remarks, which is that the focus of the legislation, the vast majority of the focus is really on consumer protection and the market structure in OTC derivatives. I don’t think the focus of any of the legislation that we’ve seen is really primarily oriented toward the listed futures and options markets. Terry did mention the position limits language in both the House and the Senate bills and that is something that certainly has concerned us. But I think, we’ve made some success I think and progress in ensuring hopefully a more uniform application of Federal position limits not just on regulated US markets but on the other markets that Terry referred to. So I think that’s the best answer to that question.
Craig Donohue: I think one of the things we learned early on in our experience in the CDS initiative is that we need to be really responsive to the broad interest of the customer base. And so one of the early learning at least at that time was that the broader cross-section of participants in the CDS market really did want us to focus on post-trade, central counterparty clearing services, and so we certainly shifted our offering to correspond to what the feedback was from market users. And I think really that’s what we have to continue to do while the legislation may be a driver for increased focus by the market participants on alternative swap execution facilities or exchange trading of at least standardized swaps. We’re going to continue to want to be very customer focused, and structuring the offerings that we have. For the moment, we’re continuing to really focus on the post-trade clearing processing side, because that’s what the community of users has been asking us to do. So that’s what we’re going to continue to do is just respond to the needs of our customers.
Craig Donohue: Yeah, I think, there is not really anything to say on that, I think you’ve heard, I’m sure, certain commentary by folks within the FHFA in terms of at least their views. But beyond that I don’t think we have any specific comments where, as Laurent mentioned working with good cross-section of sell-side institution as well as institutional buy-side firms and we’re going to continue to do that.
Craig Donohue: I don’t have, I don’t know if Jamie, you, or John Peschier might have that. I don’t think I have that specific data. But I mean, we’re continuing to see very robust activity in our CME Group, BM&FBOVESPA relationship in terms of continued growth on the order routing from north to south and south to north. And we’re at different stages of implementation across all of the different international partnerships that we have. I think, it’s not possible to go through sort of execution milestones on that, but we’d be happy to provide more background outside of the call.
Craig Donohue: And just to update you on the business in Korea, we basically had a record day earlier this week, basically still small about 5,000 contracts, but that’s basically double than what we’ve done over the last two month, so like what we saw with BM&F. We have definitely seen these things start small and grow.
Craig Donohue: I’ll answer the first one. I don’t know that I have an answer for the second one. But on the first one, look the legislation or let’s call it the shift in the emphasis of the legislation or what some people regard as [tackling] far left in terms of the provisions of the Dodd-Lincoln amendment is really only a week and a half or two weeks old. So I think it’s fair to say that all market participants are going to be vitally interested in ultimately where the legislation comes out on the exchange trading or alternative swap execution facility trading of standardized swaps. And so it’s just I think reasonable to expect that people are going to wait to see what happens and then they are going to try to make their plans accordingly. And we’ll certainly try to work with them on that if they want to work with us, but our focus continues to be on clearing.
Craig Donohue: Well, I’ll start and maybe Rick Redding will want to comment as well. I do think that there will continue to be a lot of complementarities between interest rate swaps and Eurodollar futures, and I’m not at all convinced that we would see any kind of wide-scale migration away from the utilization of swap contracts toward strictly Eurodollar futures and options contracts. But I think it’d be a very speculative answer to suggest that that would be likely.
Craig Donohue: Daniel, I think, there’s a couple things going on in the FX market that are worth noting. From kind of that longer-term trend that we talked about starting last summer is you’re starting to see the interest rate differential between some of the high yielding currencies and some of the G-7 currencies are so wide, you’ve seen on a percentage basis things like the Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar, British pound, on a percentage basis really increase over the last year. So the other thing obviously that’s happening, and why the euro currency is trading so much is obviously to sovereign debt crisis, and in Europe, in the southern part of Europe. So, those are the kind of the macro drivers. We are actually seeing more participants in the markets. We’ve seen some of the people that had probably diminished their activity during the crisis, come back to the market in a bigger way. So we have been able to pick up some share there. And so it continues to be a good growth area for us. As far as RPC, I mean, I think if you look at this over the longer term, if you look at it over the last 10 years, you’ll get 2001 EFPs are about 31% of our volume. And if you look where we are now, it’s about 2% of our volume, and obviously the RPC on those EFPs were extremely high. That’s something we’ve been talking about for a number of years. As liquidity increases on the platform, there is less need to do those EFPs. So we’ve successfully taken that market from kind of what transparent market to a perfectly transparent market. And that’s where you are seeing some of the decline in the RPC over time.
Craig Donohue: Mike, if I could add one thing to that. Also when you look at the data, as Bryan mentioned, the big decrease in ClearPort has actually been in the natural gas area, and some of that has moved to the exchange traded side. So it's being substituted under the Globex platform rather than ClearPort.
Craig Donohue: Niamh, thanks for noticing. Most people haven’t. But if you look at the Treasury Complex, overall, about 38% electronic on the option side and things on the longer end like the 30 are almost 60% electronic. So there has been quite a bit of effort made in the last year to make that happen, as Bryan mentioned, on the technical side. But we’re also getting to the point in the Treasury Complex where it’s becoming the place where people go to look first. So like other markets, that’s been very important.
Craig Donohue: Yes. I think also we didn't I think want to burden the presentation with too much granular data. But I think certainly if you looked at the average daily volume growth among the exchange markets in Asia and Latin America, they were considerably in excess of those in North America and Europe. And I think that’s going to continue to be the case just given not just the global economy but the fact that many of these financial markets are beginning to expand and open for direct access. And I mean, there’s just a wide range of reasons, but the data when you look at it certainly suggests that we’re going to continue to experience very strong global growth in the industry.
Craig Donohue: Jonathan, I think that’s very difficult to measure because we see participants getting bigger obviously from the growth numbers that we saw, but it’s also difficult for us to know what’s on the other side of their trade. But I mean in some of our sales calls anecdotally we do hear that more people are looking at putting things on exchange.
Craig Donohue: Well, I mean, obviously, the core business, and I think, what is emerging as I think stronger growth characteristics certainly in terms of what you're seeing quarter-over-quarter for the last four to five quarters, and then very much so for the first quarter of 2010, obviously just given the size and scale of that, and the maturity of that, I think that’s going to continue to be the most important contributor. But we have the intermediate growth opportunity farther out over the next couple of years to continue to focus on the globalization and international flows into our core business and core products. And then obviously OTC is something that we’re still working hard on that as everyone is but I don’t think we could say that that's going to be the major driver or higher growth from a revenue perspective. I think you are looking at the very, very early stages of what I would expect to be a great revenue opportunity for us over the next decade.
Craig Donohue: It's Craig. I think I’ll answer that by saying I think that most of the legislators and I think it’s embodied in the draft bills on both the House and the Senate side have been very sensitive to the sort of capital and financial aspects of posting margin collateral for end users in the swaps market. And so I think as you see it presently, there are exemptions that are available for that type of swap customer. And so, we’re still kind of looking to see how that’s going to resolve itself finally in the legislation. But I’m not expecting that to be a substantial issue given the high degree of sensitivity that most legislators have shown for those particular issues. I think they’re much less sensitive to those issues that relates to swap dealers, major swap participants or more kind of financial institution participants in the swap market.
Craig Donohue: It’s Craig. I think as in many respects with the draft legislations there are number of ambiguities and shifts that have happened and I’m sure in the ensuing weeks there will continue to be refinements done and manager’s amendments if not also floor amendments that will help to clarify that. But in general I would expect the outcome to be a continuation of the existing agreement between the CFTC and the SEC, which has been in place for 20 something years. The Shad-Johnson accord, which essentially treats cash index options as subject to the jurisdiction of the SEC and stock index futures based upon the same indexes as subject to the jurisdiction of the CFTC. And so like everyone else, we’ll be waiting to see how that resolves itself. But I’m expecting the status quo will be maintained there.
Craig Donohue: Yes. I think there might have been a couple percent change, if you look at Q4 ’09 versus where we had been previously on that number. So, yes, the NYMEX shifted it around a little, but not in a significant fashion. With the Rick's point, I think NYMEX didn’t change the numbers generally across the board.
Rick Redding: Daniel, there’s a number of reasons why swaps or back-month Eurodollars might be attractive to the customers, and I don’t think it necessarily has to do with kind of the change in the legislation. I mean, each customer has its benefit to do it, but let’s assume that, as Kim said, you do get the offset between the Eurodollars and the swap positions, it should free up more capital to be used in making those kind of markets. So, there could be some spillover effect on both markets.
Rick Redding: No, I mean, I think the issue really is what the positions are that Kim’s taken as performance bonds and a lot of that's in Treasury securities and those are, as Kim said, all throughout the maturity.
Rick Redding: No, the NYMEX numbers didn’t change the overall results that much. I mean if you look at the trend over this data over time is the proprietary algorithmic guys have gotten bigger almost every year that we can recall. So I don’t think there is anything I think by showing it in all products pretty much validates what the customer base looks like across all products, because I mean just mathematically you can’t get the numbers to change that much by moving it in.
