James E. Parisi: So in terms of the $10 million reduction for the next -- that we anticipate for the next quarter, a lot of that is driven by -- on the comp side, as I said. There's a lot of -- seasonally, Q1 is typically very high for the reasons that I pointed out. Also, as you look at the buildings, you're going to see impacts in the occupancy line and depreciation line and to a lesser extent, the professional fees line. Those will be the key areas where that impacts going forward. And I would take that -- the $15 million of savings that I talked about, and pretty much prorate that over the period from the sale date forward. In terms of overall expense, I think we've been pretty clear all along that we believe that the current situation in terms of volume is cyclical and as a result, we want to be judicious in terms of our expense discipline and not cut into muscles that we end up spending even more later on down the road. So that said, based on the guidance that I gave last quarter, to me, it's kind of clear that expenses moved somewhat as volumes increase or decrease, but those expense changes are much smaller than the revenue changes obviously, as you would expect in a model like ours where there's a lot of operating leverage. So if volumes were to remain at current level, which is down roughly 10% or so versus the prior year, I would expect that our expenses might grow around 1%. But then when you include the building in there, the impacts of the building is likely flat versus the prior year. Remember that the key drivers here, in terms of expense variability as volumes change, are going to be the bonus and the license fees, and those numbers I'm giving you roughly up ones are flat are -- exclude the impact from the disposition of the CMA and Dow and the voluntary exit program. The other thing to think about too is, on the bonus side, there's a certain level when we're more than 20% below our cash earnings target, where there's a cliff and that bonus expense just totally goes away. But that -- we're not close to that level yet. The other thing to talk think about as you're thinking about the expenses for the coming year. We did enter this year with a conscious effort on everybody's part to limit or reduce expenses wherever we can. And you just can look at the baseline expense growth in the slides that we have to see that. And you can also see that we've already been actively managing our staffing growth as I've talked about, flat growth from Q3 to Q4, and then down 35 positions from Q4 to current. Now we're going to continue to look for efficiencies wherever possible, like the fill, the building, the opening of the Northern Ireland office, the voluntary program. And some of the benefits of these programs aren't necessarily going to be all realized this year. There's going to be some upfront costs associated with some them, so that's all worked in there. We're working as hard as we can to reduce expenses.
James E. Parisi: I think we're going to be very consistent with what we've said in the prior call in terms of any -- at the end of this year, we're going to look back and see what cash we've got on the balance sheet and review whether or not it make sense for us to do that -- the variable dividends for next year. And that will -- these proceeds will play into that.
James E. Parisi: And I think, Gill, when you look at the -- in the first quarter, when you look at the financial impacts and the revenues that we've achieved from our relationship with Brazil, in terms of the software agreement that we've got them, the co-development agreement, we garnered around $1 million or so and fees tied to that. But then when you look at the fees that we're generating in South America from transaction fees, it's a multiple of that. It's in the first quarter, somewhere on $5 million or so fees that we generated from people trading in our products and our platform from South America.
James E. Parisi: Yes. In terms of the OTC, it's still obviously in the very early stages, but revenue in the first quarter, which is in the transaction fee line, was in the neighborhood of roughly $2 million.
James E. Parisi: I'm not going to cite exactly where the bonus cliff is, but as I said before, it's minus 20% off of our internal cash earnings targets. And just in terms of -- because of the operating leverage in the model, it is very difficult for us to reduce expenses without cutting into muscle over time, so we want to be very careful around that when we're just in a cyclical low. So if we're down at volume levels like we are today, down 10% and that were to persist throughout the year, I think that we'd be somewhere in the flat range in terms of expense growth versus last year. And of course, on top of that, we'll look to see where we can to reduce other discretionary expenses. But that's the best I can give you at this point. And as the quarter progresses, we'll give you some further updates because of the disposition of the Dow and CMA and the voluntary exit program, those are all somewhat -- those all have impacts on the expenses going forward and we'll give you more detail on that next time.
James E. Parisi: Expectations? Again, we're so early in the process, I don't think that we want to put any expectations out there for the current year. You can look at what we said in the past about what we charge per million or what we expect to garner per million in term of revenue in the interest rates swap sides, $5 to $6 on the CDS side, we've said $7 to $8. I think if you look at the most recent quarter, we were in that range, probably between $6 and $7 per million. So I would use that to model.
James E. Parisi: With respect to the slow down on the European side of the equation, it really is an overhang from the European debt crisis and the intervention with respect to those main currencies that would be tied to it. With respect to emerging markets, we're very, very excited about the continued trend and the increase in open interest, as well as volume in the emerging sector. The open interest is very high across the board for all of our foreign currencies and we're going to continue to intensifying our efforts. We've seen there a wonderful uptake, in particular in the Mexican peso. And I think your other question was the breakdown. 75% of the volume is centralized in the G7s. So when you look at that, and if you see those trends that have occurred over the course of the last 2 years, there's been a substantial uptake in the emerging market, and we're continuing that focus.
James E. Parisi: It's really hard to say, Bryan, because that -- at ClearPort, there are hundreds of different products with different rates. So oftentimes, that change in that RPC is going to be driven by product mix shift and it's very difficult to predict the marginal changes in that rate going forward.
James E. Parisi: I actually said this in testimony the other day, that the worst thing to do to try to control prices is to utilize FX margins to do so. Margins are there for a risk management tool not to effectuate price. And then there's been multiple studies that, no matter what you do with margins, it's not going to affect the price in the long term. We raised margins on energy, I believe, 5x in the last 12 months, and our oil markets and the price still marched straight up. So what the President -- I think, may be a little bit confused and some of his advisers may be a little bit confused there, when you raise margins when a product is going up, the people that have all the money are the longs, the people that don't have the money are the shorts, and the margin applies to both sides of the equation. And that only exacerbates the problem for the upside if you're going to try to utilize margins as a tool to effectuate price. I think Congress gets that very, very clearly.
James E. Parisi: The Dow business itself was about $24 million or so of revenue in the quarter, and the margins on that are similar to the margins of the overall company.
James E. Parisi: Yes. It'll be below the line and there'll be some adjustment on the license fee line as well, where we're obviously paying some license fees for the JV for those products.
James E. Parisi: Sure. There was -- I mean, when you look at the various mix impacts on the rate quadrant, you're right to point out that the venue mix was actually positive for the rate this quarter as our volume outside the pit proved faster than our regular volumes, our ex-pit volumes grew faster. However, we did see a -- quarter-over-quarter, because of the increasing volumes, the discounts also increased and that more than offset that.
James E. Parisi: Well, we'd just like to thank you all for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again on the next earnings call in July. Thanks.
Phupinder S. Gill: Rich, this is Gill, if I can just add to what Jamie was saying. As you could tell from what he said, the leadership of the firm is extremely focused on expense -- disciplined both in the short term, as well as long term, and while continuing to position us for continued growth.
Phupinder S. Gill: Jillian, this is Gill. I'll start again, and Kim might want to add. From our perspective, as you know, the sweet spot for us currently, is the dealer-to-client side where we have been appealing to the buy side who have expressed some concerns with respect to counter-party risk, and so they have come on board pretty much very enthusiastically from a capital efficiency point of view to the extent that they continue having the momentum of the D-to-C trades that we have been seeing. It becomes, I think, very capital efficient for the dealers themselves to basically pass a lot more out their to all of their trades at the CME in order to achieve that capital efficiencies that they can't otherwise get. So our expectation is that over time, you would see a healthy balance between the D-to-C trades, as well as the D-to-D. So our ambition is, if you will, is to harness both of those activities. But currently, we are seeing very, very strong activity on the D-to-C-to-C side.
Phupinder S. Gill: If you look at our relationship with BM&F, actually, it's a very comprehensive one. It includes a couple of dimensions, one -- several of the dimensions you've already mentioned, in addition to that is the joint development effort that we undertook some time ago. And we're also working with that client base and the regulatory authorities there to make it easier for trades to flow, both north and south, as well as south to north, with particular focus by us in the south to north trades. And so it's a bigger relationship than that. With respect to cross listing, I think it addresses a very important opportunity, both for themselves, as well as for us. And when you have these activities that you see CME engage in, where cross licensing is concerned, whether it's India or Brazil, we are looking at these economies that are by and large closed, but yet with an interest express by a client base to trade particular products, either it's CME or at Bovespa. And so by lifting these products on either side, it exposes each of our client bases to the liquid products that we have. And I think it's a long-term venture on our part to grow the volume. In Ibovespa, taking that as a specific example, it's a phenomenal add-on to what is already a world-class equity complex that we have. It provides our client base with further diversification.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I'll start and I don't know if anybody has anything else to add here. But predicting volatility on a going forward basis is not something that we would know or know how to do. I think -- but if you look expectations or what the general market expectations are with volatility levels as low as they are now almost across the board, you can expect a pick-up. The question becomes when, right? And on the rate side, for example, given the Fed announcement yesterday of continued no Fed action to the end of 2014, there is no real consensus among, even in SBF or MC with some people's dissension -- with some dissension there, so I think the uncertainty and the dialogue around the uncertainty of when the Fed will actually move is going to bode well for the CME Group's market with respect to the commodities for example, that's going to be highly dependent upon things that are essentially out of our control: weather, demand. But given, in general, the volatility patterns that we are seeing, the expectation is it's going to be up and I can't tell you, Ken, if it's going to be the next 3 years, 5 years or 10 years.
Phupinder S. Gill: Matt, this is Gill. Just to add to what's Bryan is saying. I think one of the questions you had was with respect to the potential for cross margining between CMECE and the U.S. side. As you may know, we had a long-standing arrangement with the LCH across margining some years ago and we've begun the conversation with both the FSA and the CFTC on allowing CMECE's portfolio to be cross margined with the clearing offering here. Now in light of the implementation of Dodd-Frank and their -- and this going to be viewed in a different light, so we don't have any guidance to give with respect to that just yet. But the conversations are beginning now.
Phupinder S. Gill: If I can just add to what Bryan was saying. I think the lack of participation from the so-called high-frequency guidance will be due to the lack of volatility and not necessarily structural changes that might be on the horizon.
Phupinder S. Gill: Niamh, this is Gill. Just to add to what Bryan was saying. I think you -- even though you -- we can't tell or we don't know or we would not ascribe the interest and the growth in several of our product lines offering, interest to clients preferring which is OTC. There has been, as you pointed out, a lot of talk, particularly among the asset managers about shifting over to futures rather than OTC forbearers and for these reasons. But that's not evident.
Kimberly S. Taylor: I think you've rightly identified that counter-party credit concerns are one of the issues that customers look at when they're thinking about moving their business to the cleared environment ahead of the mandate. SO I think that, that will continue to be the case as people evaluate the aftereffects of the Moody's downgrade. I think, also, there are a couple of factors, the downgrade being potentially one, and I think further work developing the capital costs associated with Basel 3 and some of the banks that will also be starting to drive some interest and perhaps more B2B, as well.
Kimberly S. Taylor: And I think I would only add, just a follow-up to something that Gill had already mentioned. In addition to tracking the client business and thereby making it efficient for the dealers to put their offsetting transaction here, we're very focused on being capital efficient for the dealers in general. The first thing that's coming in that regard for countries is the risk offset between the dealers future positions here and the interest rate and the interest rate swaps that they have. And on some of the estimates, there are let's say, significant collateral cost associated with them.
Kimberly S. Taylor: This is Kim. If I could just add in, with respect to the rates offering at CMECE, we are getting good customer response to some of the features that are part of our U.S. offerings, the immediacy of clearing, the simplified workflows, the product sets that we have. Those are resonating with the customer base in Europe as well.
Bryan T. Durkin: No. I just think it goes to the efficacy of the sales program that we have in place. We've got new users coming in to some of these products, as Gill alluded to on the FX side, where we saw some decreases in certain client segments. We've seen new client segments coming in and doing a substantial uptake in the foreign currency product, particularly in the emerging markets. And these are generally position holders, which is a good signal for the future growth of that complex. And it's a similar trend we're seeing in our other products.
Bryan T. Durkin: Couple of things. It's Bryan. You need to keep an eye on the acceleration of our capabilities to roll out a product, particularly on the agricultural, as well as in the general -- I mean, energy, as well as the agricultural sectors. What you're seeing is an increase in the introduction of esoteric OTC structured-type products that is showing our direct responsiveness to the client base and that is accelerating. I think our efforts and our performance overall, with respect to ClearPort. The focus as well on the OTC interest rate side of the equation is also something that transcends itself into some of our other core product mixes. So we're seeing some similarity in users and new users coming in accessing ClearPort.
Bryan T. Durkin: Well, I'll start, it's Bryan. Definitely, through our intensified footprint in Europe and our introduction of the CMECE clearing offering that we have, we have targeted that client community in the context of managing their OTC interest rate exposure and we have found a very strong interest and being able to provide that offering locally within the European region. We have intensified our efforts and focused to introduce those products to respond to those regional demands and concerns. We also see that by doing so, it is resulting in equivalent new interest in a number of our core products. So by having that offering coming on the horizon in the very near future, we are bringing in the beneficiary of bringing in new business in multiple asset classes from the local region.
Bryan T. Durkin: An excellent question. We have seen some reduction in the overall performance of the, what would be categorized as the more proprietary, high-frequency traders across asset classes. What's very interesting, and I alluded to earlier, is the significant uptake across other client segments into these same products. So if you take a look at the interest that we're seeing evolving, particularly from the corporate side of the equation, I think historically, we have focused very much so on the commercial users of the markets with our client segment team that is very focused on both corporate and commercial. We are seeing new clientele coming into our products. As we do that, those that are traditionally interested in hedging, for example, their foreign currency or interest rate risk, are taking a look at some of the asset classes that we offer and we're seeing -- for some low incremental but consistent interest in our commodities particularly in metals and agricultural complex.
Bryan T. Durkin: A couple of things. It's Bryan. First of all, we are seeing new business coming into our core interest rate futures from new clientele that originally has been coming in to utilize our interest rate swap OTC clearing services. I would not say that, that is switching business into futures. I would say that it's more augmenting their current risk portfolio. So as they are clearing business through us, they are also looking at the efficiencies in the liquidity provided and the core product for interest rates and utilizing your dollar strips to augment their interest rate swap exposure on the clearing side. With respect to the block trades, I wouldn't necessarily make that correlation. There is a whole host of reasons why our users need to avail themselves to our block trading facilities. That's 1 of 4 platforms for our user base to be able to facilitate and manage their risks.
