James E. Parisi: Thanks, partner, and good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased with our performance this quarter. It's nice to see some signs of strength as I prepare to pass the torch to John. One of the things I've talked a lot about over the last 10 years is the significant operating leverage in our business model and how that leverage cuts both ways, depending on the tailwinds and the headwinds we're facing. Looking at the adjusted results, our revenue increased by $48 million or 7% compared to Q3 last year, while our expenses were down 1% to $318 million. The intensified expense focus I mentioned last quarter, coupled with a favorable trading environment, resulted in an incremental margin above 100%, and I expect it to be above 100% next quarter. In a normal period, we are dropping roughly $0.80 to $0.90 of each new revenue dollar to the operating income line. Now I'll turn to some revenue details. The rate per contract for the third quarter was $0.725, down from $0.749 last quarter. The main driver of the change was the 7% growth in total volume from Q2 to Q3, driven mostly by lower price financial products. I was very pleased to see the September rolling 3-month interest rate RPC remained unchanged, compared with August, despite volume being up 8% from the prior month. The FX average rate dipped down 5% from August to September, but you should take note of the 19% increase in the rolling 3-month FX volume over the same period. We saw the same thing in equities, with the rolling 3-month volumes up 8% from August to September, while the associated rate drop only 1%. I was also pleased to see the volume and revenue growth from outside the U.S. with the highest proportion ever of non-U.S. electronic volume and revenue in Q3. For the first time, the percentage of electronic trading revenue from outside the U.S. was above 30%. OTC swaps revenue totaled $50 million, up 17% versus last quarter. In Q3, we captured about $132 per IRS OTC trade, and we cleared approximately 1,750 trades per day in the quarter, up significantly from prior quarters. Our adjusted expenses were down $10 million sequentially and about $4 million compared to Q3 last year. The main driver was reduced professional fees and other expense. We brought some development projects to completion, saw a waning at contingent consideration expense from prior acquisitions and reduced discretionary expenses like travel as promised last quarter. Our compensation was relatively flat sequentially despite higher stock-based compensation resulting from our annual grant in September. We should see improvement in the compensation expense line in Q4 and beyond as a result of our recent restructuring. Two points on the nonoperating income line. Our dividend income was approximately $5 million, down from about $9.6 million in the prior quarter when we received and recorded both the Q1 and Q2 dividends from our partner in Brazil. We also recorded a dividend from our investment in the Mexican exchange in Q2 with no dividend from them in Q3. We had a slight uptick in interest expense from the prior quarter due to clearing line of credit cost. Turning to taxes. The effective tax rate for the year has dropped to 37.3% on a pro forma basis from the prior 37.5%. The effective pro forma tax rate for this quarter was approximately 37%, including a catch-up adjustment for Q1 and Q2, and I expect Q4 to be approximately 37.3%. And now the balance sheet. We had approximately $1.16 billion in cash and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. In Q3, we had a significant cash outflows associated with an estimated tax payment, our regular quarterly dividend and the semiannual interest payment due on our debt securities maturing in 2023 and 2043. Lastly, during the third quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $29 million, bringing us to $95 million through 3 quarters. I want to provide a couple of points on guidance for Q4. I expect expenses to be approximately $332 million, driven by higher marketing-related expense, which we talked about before and sequentially higher license fee and bonus expenses based on a significant increase in revenue so far to start the fourth quarter, offset a bit by lower base compensation. Based on that guidance, 2014 expenses should come in at about $1.3 billion at the low end of the range I previously provided. Also, my expectation for CapEx this year dropped to $155 million, down from our prior estimate of $175 million, primarily based on timing and reconfiguring our New York space stretching into 2015. Lastly, on expenses. 2 weeks ago we reduced our workers by 15%, which Gill mentioned.
James E. Parisi: 5% by which Gill mentioned. As a point of reference, we ended the third quarter with headcount at 2,825. We have been working on plans for several months, and we basically took a blank sheet approach to determine the best way to drive revenue higher while reducing expense. I personally appreciate the efforts of my colleagues to make the tough decision to better position our company for the long-term and wish our colleagues who left the best of luck in the next phase of their careers. One last piece of guidance I want to provide is related to 2015 expenses. With pro forma expenses for 2014 expected to be $1.3 billion based on the compensation changes and other expense initiatives, our current estimate is that 2015 pro forma expenses will likely come in basically flat compared to 2014 at approximately $1.3 billion. And there is some variability around that based on license fees and employee bonus. That excludes the impact of adding expense related to our pending transaction with GFI Group or other potential tuck-in acquisitions. We will continue to refine this estimate as we finalize our 2015 budget, and John will provide you an update on the next earnings call. Since I mentioned our pending transaction, let me briefly comment that we are carefully assessing the current situation and filed our S-4 on October 16. Beyond that, we will not address any questions about the transaction as we covered thoroughly last quarter. As I step away, I'm highly confident in my successor, John Pietrowicz. I expect all of you to really enjoy working with him as I have over the last 11 years. I wish you, all, well, and I have to say I've enjoyed getting to know and to work with many of you who are listening today. I believe my interactions with you over the years definitely made me a better CFO. Even though I'm moving on to the next phase of my life by year end, I will continue on here as a shareholder, and I am highly confident in our teams and still believe this is truly a one-of-a-kind franchise to own. And I'm excited about the future of CME Group. Thank you, all. With that, I'd like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
James E. Parisi: Niamh, this is Jamie. We don't give out volume guidance, but you're right, there's a couple of items that do vary with volume, particularly our license and fee sharing line. So there, I would look to whatever your assumptions are next year for growth around equity and our energy products in particular and our OTC businesses as we do have some fee sharing there as well fall into that line. And likewise, on the bonus, we typically have a target that's probably in the $60 million to $70 million range overall with a max that goes out to -- it maxes out at about $100 million-or-so, so it's capped. So there's some variability there, but not huge variability. So more to come there, but John will keep you guys apprised of any updated guidance on the next call.
James E. Parisi: Yes. Rich, this is Jamie again. So the way we look at it each year is to assess the cash that's sitting on our balance sheet relative to that minimum that we want to hold of $700 million. If we look back over the last couple of years, we didn't go all the way down to $700 million, we went to $900 million. I would say in the first few years of doing this, we wanted to be very careful and not take it all the way down to $700 million. Over the coming years, as we get more comfortable with it, there is potential to tighten that up a little bit. But yes, I think you have the general idea right. And with respect to any other cash outflows, nothing at this point that we've talked about. And even with as far as GFI goes, we don't see that impacting the dividend either.
James E. Parisi: And just to sum all that up, we really don't expect any of this to impact our dividend that we would normally pay in early 2015.
James E. Parisi: Great question. So basically, what we saw in the quarter was a small decline in terminal usage. We are going to see variation from quarter-to-quarter as desks -- trading desks open and shut and try to become more efficient, that sort of thing. But when I look at the decline in terminal so far this year, it's really -- the decline is really starting to taper off. We're down 2% to 3% in terminals this year. If I look back over the last several years, we're down on average about 7% each of those years. And as you know, we put some policies in place this year that I think are having a positive impact in helping to mitigate that loss and eventually, hopefully will turn the corner. We implemented the fee increase earlier this year, which is a 15% fee increase, which is also helping us out in positive relative to the small decrease in terminals. The other thing that we did is that we are starting to eliminate waivers of fees on trading terminals. And we stopped new waivers starting in March. So we think that's helping to mitigate that decline in terminals. And then next year, we'll begin to charge for those who have been grandfathered in on the waivers, we're going to charging half of our normal rack rate per month per terminal. We don't know what the impacts of that are going to be exactly, because the number of wave terminals may not be indicative of the end demand when people have to start paying. So we'll have to see how that plays out. But I do think these are all positive going forward for this particular income line.
James E. Parisi: Yes, I really -- the way I look at this is when we talk about restructuring, it's not just a look at our human capital and how to best deploy that, it's also looking across the business and how best to deploy the remainder of our capital. And really we did take a white sheet approach. And I think that there's still some opportunity there, we'll continue to look for ways to improve the business, we're looking at things like data center consolidation, for example, where we're becoming more tight on some of the marketing expenditures that we'll have in the coming years. So I would -- we can't decrease expenses forever, we have to get back to a normal kind of growth rate at some point in time. That's going to be in the low to mid-single digit I think, going forward. But I do believe going forward, we still have this very strong focus on expense discipline, but more importantly, a very strong focus on the margin, the operating margin and net income margin of the exchange to ensure that we're growing that as best we can.
James E. Parisi: I think that we are doing a really very good job. I will say, over the past several years, we do view ourselves as having run fairly lean, we took a new approach and are trying to be ever more efficient. So I think that we have done a nice job. As Gill was saying earlier and I was saying earlier, we're going to continue to really keep a focus on that area amongst -- in addition to the top line obviously and try to drive as much margin as we can going forward. When you look at the impacts on the coming year, if I look at what the analyst estimates for our expenses were prior to our announcement of restructuring, they're probably at about $1.360 billion, and we're seeing the $1.3 billion now. So that's a pretty large decrease, I would say, in the years’ time. And don't forget, we do have a decent sized expense base, so there's inflationary pressure on that just as there is with anyone.
James E. Parisi: Gaston, this is Jamie. Remember, as I was saying, we -- for the expense base, there's going to be inflation on that every year, right? So, for example, we pay merit increases to our staff each year. In some of the tough years, we decided not to do that, you can't do that every year, because you have to reward the people who are really doing the hard work to get us to where we've gotten to. And that's probably about 3% to 4% on our -- on those expenses. And because we're consuming a lot of professional services, we're subject to increases there and the increases that they have to pay their people as well. And we are growing our international footprint a bit, so our occupancy expense, for example, around the globe will be a bit higher in the coming year. So those are kind of the key areas. Also, to the extent that we see strong volumes or stronger volumes than we see currently or that we saw in this year, you can see some increase in license fees and fee sharing. So there's just natural areas of expense increase that you're going to -- that we're going to get hit with from year-to-year-to-year and really we're trying not to mitigate that with what I believe is a very meaningful reduction in expenses.
James E. Parisi: All right. Before we sign off, I just wanted to say, thanks, again, for all the great memories, having spent a lot of time with many of you over the years. I count this as some of the highlights of my professional career. It's been really wonderful, and I hope to stay in touch with many of you. If I don't see you before the year ends, so long, and I wish you the best.
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes. I talked to [indiscernible] he said it was $370 so that's what I've heard. Regardless, I have not heard anything there that should be coming from a legislative standpoint or regulative standpoint. Kim may want to talk a little bit more on the living will stuff, as it pertains to that. But I have not heard whether they're looking in for us to put additional capital outside of a couple articles, one being written by PIMCO, one being written by JPMorgan.
Terrence A. Duffy: This is Terry Duffy. Let me just add a little something here. I think what's important here is we are getting paid. We're not getting paid on the Brent, we're getting paid on the return of our share of the West Texas Intermediate has gone from 25% or 30% when we acquired NYMEX in 2008, down along 14% or 15% whereas it's at today. So if you look at that, we may be given Brent away for free or creating an arbitrage for Brent against TI, but we're building our TI business and getting paid for that. So I think there is a lot of pluses to what we're doing with the Brent complex today.
Terrence A. Duffy: Just to add, and I know Kim is probably more equipped to say this than I, but in 2013, we have basically nothing in OTC interest swaps clearing. And now we have 22 trillion roughly in our clearing house today, so we've been able to grow. I think what's really interesting about how you put a marker on what inning you're in, it goes back to what Kim said earlier. There's been white papers out there, there's been a bit of misinformation out there, it's both in the buy-side and the sell-side. We're going to continue to educate why we're doing things differently. People are looking at should we put skin in the game, we have skin in the game, do they know that? These are all educational things that we've been doing since we've launched our OTC initiative, and we'll continue to do so, so that will help give us a ballpark of the innings that we're in. But you got to look at where we started, it's just a very short while ago and where we've come to today.
Phupinder S. Gill: Alex, this is Gill. Let me just add to what the Chairman has to say, and then I'll ask him to also add a few more points here. I think if you're looking at some of these comments that the banks and some of the buy-side guys have put out over the last few months, there's a central theme that the concern is that the CCP's would be, in general, the next too large to fail. And I think there's some important distinctions and we are going to put up a short paper on our own to point out what these distinctions are. A few things to remember, unlike other counterparties that have been tagged with this too large to fail, we run a matchbook, in other words, all the buy equals to all sales we run flat every day, we mark that match book to the market at least twice a day. None of the parties that have been described as too large to fail or too important to fail have similar characteristics. So there's a little bit of concern about what have happens when so-called risk is concentrated. I think you should take -- make the distinction between the concentration of positions versus the concentration of risks. And those are 2 important distinctions. So I think some of the noise that's been out there is a little bit misguided. And some of the work that came in our folks are doing have the record straight there. Kim, if you want to add a bit.
Phupinder S. Gill: Again, this is Gill. I'll start first, Mike, and then I'll pass it on to Bryan. But with the activity in the FX that you saw until October or until the third quarter when we saw a significant pickup in FX, both futures as well as options has been largely tied to the increased volatility, the elections in Brazil, and then there has been some activity in the Mexican peso too. And so a lot of these things had to do with that. The options pickup in particular has been encouraging for us, particularly as you saw volatilities start to pick up. And all of it has been done on the Globex platform.
Phupinder S. Gill: Jillian, this is Gill. When we very seriously contemplated the reorganization a few months ago, it was with respect to changing the way that the company thinks. It was with respect to shifting the mindset of the organization into exactly the lines that Jamie just talked about, significantly increasing or pushing the operating margin philosophy down into the firm, understanding what each of the cost drivers of the firm was -- is. And then also, understanding where the innovation was going to take us to the point that, Terry just made a shot a while ago, giving away something for free doesn't mean you’re giving away everything for free. It forms part of the portfolio that brings in higher income across the board for us. So that change in philosophy occurred a few months ago. That change in mindset occurred a few months ago. And that change is what we will bring forward on a going-forward basis here.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I think when the mandate to clear became mandatory here in the U.S., it has not kicked in Europe yet, and the mandate to execute has not been fully implemented here nor even contemplated across the pond yet. So you decide what inning we are in. I don't play baseball, but I think it's still very early days. And I think a lot of conversation has gone on about the futurization of the marketplace, although we are seeing that along the lines of what Bryan talked about. Please bear one thing in mind that these markets are very complementary. On October 15, people turn to the futures, because the liquidity that was there, the liquidity that could be seen was a source going forward. And so I think the market evolves on both sides as was intended by the regulation, and you would start to see a change that occurred. And the important point for us at the very least is that we are positioned well for the change. On the one hand, we're very happy that we started in the U.S. I think we have built through the clearing and the IT mechanisms a bunch of credibility that we carry to Europe.
Phupinder S. Gill: Rob, this is Gill. Let me just add to what Jamie said in the context of the $100 million over the last 2-year comment that you made. Keep in mind where growth has come from for us and where we have spent the funds in growing the expenses come from outside of the U.S. We talked about what Europe did a few weeks ago, we talked about the growth rate in Asia, that's a direct result of the expenses that we put on the ground there. And we've gone from essentially a futures and options exchange to a financial services company, running 6 ecosystems. In other words, we spent a lot to build an ecosystem that is able to not just clear futures and options, but also list and clear OTC products and the innovation that comes with that. So we've built a lot of infrastructure over the last few years, and a lot of our growth has been based upon that, that we have built, that you have seen come to life in the last few weeks.
Bryan T. Durkin: It's Bryan, and I'll take that one. First of all, I think if you take a look over the last quarter or so, we've seen very nice uptake from, particularly, our asset manager community as well as our hedge fund community. One of the parameters that we look at in terms of conversion into the future's complex is our assessment of large open interest holders. And during the past few months, if you take a look at that, we've increased the number of large open interest holders from 415 to 1,702. We also measure our overall penetration of cash market itself and our treasury cash market penetration has reached the size 74% year-to-date. And that's an all-time high for us. We also monitor closely the activity for our block transactions. And so reviewing blocks and EFR transactions, we've seen significant growth in both of those areas. Our Eurodollar futures open interest has hit a record high of 13.5 million contracts. And we're seeing similar uptakes in our treasury open interest. Looking at it from the international basis, again, we're seeing considerable positive trends similar to what I've just outlined.
Bryan T. Durkin: Well, I can't give any projections in that regard. There continues to be positive, I'd say, fundamentals in terms of the convergence of interest rate uncertainty, the convergence of OTC, the futures, we're continuing to aggressively sell to the various client segments, the opportunities that we present and the context of the full portfolio, a clearing, OTC interest rate swaps, portfolio margining, the liquidity of our interest rate complex and the capital benefits that are associated with that. In addition, we keep introducing innovative products, and our emphasis is on building our global growth. So we see opportunities all the way around.
Bryan T. Durkin: I just like to add to that with the waived terminals. Once that policy took effect in March. We've had several dozen firms actually register with us and that indicates either several users in the past that have not been paying market data.
Bryan T. Durkin: Which is -- we're seeing a nice trajectory if you look at Q1, Q2, and then more recently, the trend that's been occurring these last few months has been in a positive direction. One of the barometers, as Gill alluded to, is the levels of open interest, particularly in our options contract. And we've hit records in that OI. And we think that, that's indicative of a positive trend in terms of a regrouping of interest in new participants coming into the market and participants that have pulled away from the markets coming back in.
Bryan T. Durkin: This is Bryan again. We're pleased with the progress that we've been making in terms of the broad complex. Our position is both medium- and long-term trends are good within the product set that we offer. We're looking to provide a holistic complement of products, both in the crude and refined area. As you've alluded to, we picked up some nice market share across each of those asset classes. We're particularly pleased with the performance on our WTI and our Brent efforts. There's a great deal of debate that's out there regarding changes to export restrictions that could help us in the longer term. But overall, our CME energy products are up 7% in October, excluding Brent futures, and our competitor is flat. Also in Q3, we've outperformed in energy versus our competition. So we feel really good about the strength of the complement of the product base.
Bryan T. Durkin: And if I could add one additional point. From a client perspective, we're really heartened to be garnering more business into our services that had chosen other facilities in the past, and that's largely attributable to Kim and her team's efforts to listen to the client and be able to deliver tools such as coupon blending, compression services, portfolio margining. All of those complements are really bearing fruit and taking traction with the client base for them to see our offering as a differentiator and providing them on significant savings using our OTC facilities and complementing that with the derivatives portfolio as well.
Bryan T. Durkin: Looking at our interest rate complex overall, the indicators have actually been positive in terms of the overall performance of the complex, both within the Eurodollars and the interest rates alone. And I think that's been complemented by additional new products that we've introduced. And we're seeing, again, a very positive trajectory. If you look at our Ultra Bond, now Deliverable Swap Futures performing extremely well. This is where the marketplace comes to manage and hedge their risk. And affirmation of that effect was what occurred on October 15, where we've executed more than 3x our average volume in those complexes. We're seeing a very nice pickup as well on the international side of the equation. So both within Europe as well as in Asia, our interest rate complex is up 28% in Europe and by comparable levels within Asia. I think that, that goes to the intensified sales effort and focus. People come to these products because of the diverse customer base as well as the deep liquidity that we offer. So we're not reliant on any particular segment within these markets. And again, I think it's attributable largely to the investments we've made in our sales efforts to broadly develop our hedge fund complement, our asset management complement as well as the other clients' segments. No major customer, I think, is a very important point to note, no major customer brings concentration into any of these products.
