James E. Parisi: Rich, if you look at the interest rate swap rate for the quarter, excluding CDS, we're around $2.70 per million for the quarter. And as we said in the -- as I said in my remarks, there was an increase -- bigger increase in the high turnover players than there were -- than there was in the real money players, resulting in kind of that decrement versus the prior quarter. Also in the quarter, we saw some of the shorter-dated products like FRAs and OIS grow as a percentage of the volumes. So there were about 22% of volume in Q1. They've grown to about 33% in Q3, and we're continuing to see that mix grow somewhat. And in September, it did grow versus August, and we did see a growth in the higher turnover relative to the real money in September as well. So likely, you would see a decrease in the September rate going coming out of the quarter.
James E. Parisi: I haven't dived down into the October numbers yet. So it's hard for me to say exactly. But you'd think that those trends look like they were moving in that direction, so perhaps. Just overall, we're very pleased with the business, pleased to see the growth that we're getting there. And as Gill mentioned, it's really, I think, helping us in our core.
James E. Parisi: Yes. Thanks, Howard. Yes, on the proceeds from the interest rate lock. That would just go into the cash balance that we would consider for a return. We haven't changed our guidance on the amount of cash we want to hold. Minimally, we want to have $700 million on the balance sheet to cover our skin in the game in the various financial safeguards package -- packages, as well as to have a little bit of cushion there. So that hasn't changed at all.
James E. Parisi: Yes. This is Jamie, Jillian. I think you're absolutely right. Before the crisis hit roughly every 18 months or so, because of the way the volumes are growing, we were adjusting our tiers, particularly on the interest rate products. We pulled back from that, obviously, during the crisis as our customers were suffering as well. But as we come out and as we see sustained growth in those volumes, we'll certainly be taking a look at that.
James E. Parisi: I think what you've heard us say before is over the long run, we would anticipate our expenses to grow in the mid-single digits. I don't anticipate it being too different than that in the coming year. Certainly, we've been making investments over the last several years in growth opportunities, so those -- many of those are already built into our base, although there are, obviously, incremental expenses as we grow those offerings further. So I don't see any giant moves. I mean, one of the things I highlighted in my comments was the -- while overall interest expense is lower, there is a higher expense next year because we have a significant increase in our clearing house credit facility. Going into next year, that will be one thing that we'll add, as an example, but will look for other ways to control expenses.
James E. Parisi: If you were just to hold terminals constant, which you have to make your own estimates about that, but if you held terminals constant, I want to say it's roughly a $50 million impact on revenues next year, again, assuming that you don't see a decrement in terminals as a result.
James E. Parisi: Sure. When you look at the rate that we're putting in -- the new rate that we're putting in place, it's, I'd say, very competitive. In fact, I want to say it's below what some of the key competitors have out there now or what they've announced. So we feel very comfortable around that. If we look at what's happened in the past around terminals, it very much depends on the environment that we're in. If you went back several rate increases ago, you wouldn't really have seen much of an impact on the number of terminals. The last one, you probably did see more of an impact, but it's also coupled with some legacy -- issues around some legacy incentives that we have in place, and we're taking a look at those as well.
James E. Parisi: Sure. On the -- you hit all the main components. It's the equity license fees from S&P, NASDAQ, Dow, et cetera, are in there. You've got the ClearPort fee sharing, and you've got this, now, the OTC revenue sharing. So generally, I'd say the equity license fees are the largest component, followed by the energy component and then followed by the OTC share. Just to be clear, in this quarter, the OTC revenue share amount that we booked in there included some catch-up for prior quarters as well.
James E. Parisi: I would say that the philosophical bend is absolutely towards the dividends, so I wouldn't expect any buybacks of any significant nature going forward, at least in the near term. And it's the -- you called -- you said onetime around that dividend, but it is really an annual variable recurring dividend. So I think it's a bit of a unique structure, as we've discussed before. And I'd say both the board and the management is very comfortable with the way that's been working out.
James E. Parisi: I don't see them changing all that significantly. The capital requirements tend to be, for the most part, tied to the size of the annual expense for the business. So I don't see large increases there. And then we also size our contribution to the financial safeguards package in a very conservative fashion, so we feel very comfortable with the amount that we've got there as well.
James E. Parisi: And just to add on to that. I mean, I think, we have to keep in mind that we're just off the heels of the mandate states themselves. And so in our interaction through our sales calls, the firms are saying, "Look, first and foremost, we need to make sure that we just got compliant." Now we're really spending our time on how to most effectively utilize our capital and any opportunities that you have. Specifically from a margin savings perspective, we're very keen to be able to test and see how that benefits our firm. So we're going through that optimization phase now.
James E. Parisi: I would just add to what the chairman just stated that the main focus of what we're looking at in the context of this whole topic is ensuring that you have the appropriate risk management mechanisms in place, many of which we're -- we've been an industry leader in dealing with credit controls, dealing with a appropriate level of order-to-trade ratios in terms of messaging policies, to maintain the efficiency of the experience for all users on a platform. So from our perspective, I think, as the chairman indicated, we've held a pretty firm line in that respect in terms of the benefits of this type of user base, but ensuring that we have the appropriate protocols in place to ensure a consistent experience for all market users.
James E. Parisi: Just a couple of things to add to that. The member, nonmember mix has trended positively over the last few months. In interest rates, you've seen a pickup of about a 1% nonmember mix there in this quarter versus last year. And then finally, as we noted in the prepared remarks, the interest rate revenue is up 40% in total versus last year. So I think all those are supportive of what Sean was pointing out.
Sean Tully: Sure. If I could jump in on the rate side, I think the question was in terms of the macro pictures, as well as driving the volumes. In terms of driving the volumes, over the last few years, we bid in a number of new interest rate options products. We added the weekly treasury options, the long green Eurodollar options, the blue mid-curve options, the gold mid-curve options, the purple mid-curve options. So we have been driving with increased product relative to the macro-environment. There's no question, the macro-environment has been very helpful, while the Eurodollar options in Q3 of this year versus Q3 of last year was up 54%. We had red mid-curves, for example, up 265%, and green mid-curves -- these are, again, mid-curves on the Eurodollar options, up 262%. But in addition to that, if we look at new products on the interest rate side, mostly options based over the last 3 years, they've contributed 315,000 ADV in Q3.
Sean Tully: Sure. I think we've seen very good growth. If you look at our market share this year, it went from 5% in Q1 to 14% in Q2 to 31% in Q3 and 33% so far in Q4. So we have seen a very good growth. That 33% market share is of the dealer-to-customer business, and obviously, that's being driven out of the Dodd-Frank regulations where we've seen a Category 1, Category 2, Category 3 phases this year. We do expect further growth. We do expect increased -- hope for an increased market share. But in addition to that, we will see increasing products. As Mr. Gill have mentioned earlier, we're now clearing 17 different currencies, but we'll be -- we will continue to increase our product scope with increases -- we will be adding emerging -- some additional emerging marked currencies in the near future. And there will be other OTC products that we'll be adding. In addition to that, you have to look for Europe. The mandate to clear has not yet hit Europe, and we expect the mandate to hit Europe, probably, the end of 2014 or sometime in 2015. So with the increased product scope, increased market share, as well as increased requirements to clear, we think there's a lot of runway.
Sean Tully: Yes. We've been focused on the dealer-to-customer business. Obviously, the dealer-to-dealer business is quite large as well. And we believe that with our portfolio margining, we have a unique value proposition, where people can portfolio margin between CME's interest rate futures and our -- the swaps cleared at CME Group. We believe that we'll be able to penetrate other parts of the market as well.
Sean Tully: Sure. In terms of the move of people into our futures complex, we're seeing it in a couple of different ways. We look at a cash penetration -- or cash market penetration of our treasury futures. That is a metric that we've been following for a number of years. We recently reached a new peak in that. And although that's fallen off a bit in the last couple of months, we do remain around the peak level. So we did exceed the 2007 peak. Another way, anecdotally, that we look at this is we can look at EFRs, or exchange for risk transactions, which are spread trades between CME treasury futures and interest rate swaps. In the kind of traditional interest rate swap world, a very popular trade is in interest rate spread or a transaction which is an interest rate swap traded as a spread to a cash treasury instrument. In the new world, it's far more efficient to represent that trade as a CME cleared interest rate swap against the CME interest rate future. So our way of representing it now represents nearly the same risk, but you can get up to 85% margin savings relative to the portfolio margining that we talked about earlier. In terms of EFRs, if you look at volumes in 2013, overall year-to-date volumes in 2013 versus 2012, average daily volume in 2012 was about 19,000 a day. 2013 was about 48,000 a day so far. So we're seeing a very large increase in people beginning to look at ways to use our unique value proposition, I think, for the portfolio margining with interest rate swaps, plus our futures complex, to represent strategies that have been in place for a long time, but in a much more efficient manner.
Terrence A. Duffy: Neve, on that residual interest, and as you know, we felt that was a very flawed proposal from the beginning. We worked very closely with the smaller FCMs and with the agricultural community. I testified just as well as 2 weeks ago with the agricultural community and other participants, and it was the first time in my 20-year history that I've seen all sides -- both sides of the aisle agree that this rule was not -- it was fought with all kinds of dangers, and it was, obviously, the CFTC took notice, and they switched to the rule, which was originally an FIA proposal, which has nothing for the first -- next year, so it will stay as the same as it is. And then it'll go to the T1 at 6:00 p.m. the following day, and then 5 years from now, it could go to 9:00 a.m. So that's 5 years away that could happen. We're going to continually work with ag groups and with the CFTC and with the folks on the Hill to make sure that we get the 5-year piece removed from this. It makes no sense. If it made any sense at all, they would have been posted on day 1, not 5 years down the road. So we feel fairly confident that this residual interest rule is basically dead.
Terrence A. Duffy: Rich, I don't have the detailed information on what EUREX did. I can only go off what I've said publicly and what others have said publicly. We think that HFT trading as deposal liquidity, which benefits the participants and duly risk transfer at the lowest cost price. So we focus on the regulatory issues around HFT, and then make sure that we can show confidence in the marketplace that nothing nefarious is going on, and we've done a really good job doing that, and we're going to continue to support that model. There's no reason for us to change our structure right now as it relates to HFTs -- because again, we think they had deposal liquidity to the marketplace. So again, I'm not up to speed. Others in the room might have a better idea of what EUREX did.
Terrence A. Duffy: Let me just follow-on real quick because what I will say is, as you know, we've dealt a lot with over speculations in the energy markets over the last several years. We're in Washington quite a bit as you know. I do think that you will see a lot of headlines as relates to the HFTs that we have over the last several months. That won't go away. That doesn't mean anything's going to change, but the headlines will still remain to be there.
Phupinder S. Gill: Neve, if I can add, I think the CFTC, to the Chairman's point, has also committed to complete an analysis in the next 2.5 years or so. And I think the experience that the FCM community shares in the next 2.5 years is going to be important with respect to what the CFTC would decide. So the compromised solution that they came up with was to extend the time. I think the next few years is going to be very important here.
Phupinder S. Gill: Howard, this is Gill. I'll stop, and I'll ask Kim to add as she's been working with a lot of the firms. I think on the SEF front, they're still in the very early stage -- stages, a lot of FCM, in particular, are a little bit concerned about the lack of consistent rules and a lot of these so-called SEFs have. The SEFs are working very closely with both their clients, as well as the FCMs to try and get these trades done. There's some confusion when trades coming from a SEF versus from some other venue. It doesn't give the FCMs, particularly the large FCMs, enough time to accept the trades. That's one example. So there's a lot of what I'll call early stage pains that both FCMs, as well as client and SEFs are going through, and those things will shake themselves out in the coming weeks.
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure, Howard. The growth rate for Latin America is very high. The base volume that we are working off is still low. It's about $60 million, I think, we're going to get in for the year. The Brazilian environment, as you know, continues to be a challenging one, and we are working with both the exchange, as well as the various regulators there to talk about the timing of the change -- changes of some tax laws that have to take place before the Brazilians can take advantage of what we are offering. I'm also going to ask Bryan to chat a little bit on what he's seeing there.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. That 6 clearing members and their participation is yielding about $1 billion worth of margin savings, and it's currently a small percentage of the overall business. So firms are still coming up to speed there.
Phupinder S. Gill: I think from an anticipation point of view, a lot of firms have started to test how this would actually work because it can be -- unless you have automated the process, it can be very manually intensive. So what a lot of firms have been doing over the last 6 months or so is making sure they have the process to automate those spreads. The opportunity beyond the existing open interest on the rate side against the OTC open interest is on a going-forward basis, as firms can put on or clients can put on positions that are risk-minimizing or risk-neutral on a going-forward basis and eventually get to an optimized state, where they can use some portion of their business will be in futures and options, and some portion would be in swaps. So there are 2 ways to look at this opportunity: one, with respect to the existing open interest in the futures side; and secondly, on a going-forward basis, with the deliverable swap futures, the clearing of the swaps, and more development on the futures side would be the opportunity that our firms would have.
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes. This is Gill. The delay has to do with a technical issues surrounding the delivery of foreign exchange. So we are working very hard with the Bank of England and the FCA, and we hope to have an announcement very soon there.
Phupinder S. Gill: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning, and we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Thanks very much.
