Sean Tully: This is Sean Tully, I'm responsible for financials. Jumping in, in terms of the basis itself, in early May the basis did jump. So in the 10-year sector it went from around a 0.25 basis point out to a peak of 2.35 basis points. Once the basis jumped, once it widened, CME Group did make the decision to issue its own specific CME curve for interest rate swaps. Obviously that is very prudent from a risk management perspective, but also adds massive transparency to the marketplace. We announced that on May 13. June 8 we implemented the CME-specific curve and since then the basis has stabilized dramatically. So since June 8 the average standard deviation on a daily basis is less than 5/100 of a basis point, so really completely de minimus. If you look at the last week or so, the entire range of that spread has been 1/10 of a basis point in the 10-year, trading between 0.9 of a basis point and 1.0 basis points. What that means is that, while the volatility was high during early May, since we have added transparency, since we've added a CME-specific curve, the market has completely stabilized. And in terms of interest rate swaps, if you're an active trader the level at which you get in relative to, let's say, a competitor is not nearly as important as the level you get in versus the level you get out. So what matters is the stability of the spread and we've seen that. In addition to that, with the stability of the spread, but also with the increased interest in this, we've seen record volumes in dealer-to-dealer trading at CME Group. So we now have 25 dealers trading -- actively trading on that basis and again it's at a very tight level. The bid-offer spread in the interdealer market is again around 5/100 of a basis point. If you think about that relative to outright level of rates, that is 1/100, literally 1/100, the volatility of the level of outright rates since June 8. In addition to seeing the increased dealer-to-dealer activity, since May 1 we've seen 18 new clients. So we've had 18 new clients that had never cleared with CME Group previously jump into the marketplace and begin to clear swaps here. Many folks wanting to take advantage of the higher rate that they could get at our platform. In addition to that, with the higher rate for certain folks, in particular large issuers of U.S. dollar debt, this may be seen as an advantage. Hence, we've also seen an increase in interest on folks becoming new clearing members at CME Group in particular and particular issuers of debt.
Sean Tully: In terms of the financials, interest rates since year-end up 10% in terms of open interest. Equities up 20% and foreign exchange up 7% after, as Gill said, very strong growth last year. We've seen increasing uncertainty with the interest rate market [Technical Difficulty] expectations of potential Fed rate hikes later this year or early next year. So continue to see strong growth.
Sean Tully: This is Sean jumping in. In terms of innovation within the product itself, most recent innovation was Mexican peso interest rate swaps. Mexican peso interest rate swaps now the third most important currency from a revenue perspective for CME Group. That is the 18th currency that we have. We will be shortly adding the Brazilian reais currency as well which will be our 19th currency. And we have the broadest set of currencies relative to any of our competition. If you look at so far this year, we've had $46 billion a day in non-U.S. de-currencies. I think it's, without question, the deepest penetration CME Group has ever had in the non-U.S. dollar interest-rate derivatives market. So it's allowing us, from an ecosystem perspective -- while the revenues are low, from an ecosystem perspective to massively penetrate the global market in new currencies in a way that we've never done it before. And getting back to Gill's point, it's the portfolio margining and the growth of the core. So, 500 clients that we're clearing interest rate straight swaps for we're on a continuous basis cross-selling them into the futures. Earlier this year Greenwich Capital -- not Greenwich Capital, excuse me, Greenwich Associates, issued a paper, Total Cost Analysis, looking at interest-rate swaps versus futures. And very clearly the interest-rate futures came out as the lower-cost alternative across the board relative to interest-rate swaps. What that's allowed us to do, as we talked about earlier, is if you look at a couple of years ago our Treasury market futures had a 65% penetration of the cash Treasury market. That's now running at around 78%. So from a relative perspective, we've been able to grow our Treasury futures, again, on a relative basis from 65% to now 77%, 78%, so 13 percentage points. When you think about the size of our interest-rate futures market that is actually quite a large increase in revenues that we've seen on the back of the cross-sell to those 500 swap participants.
Phupinder Gill: Ken, just to add to what Sean said, a lot of the change in the volume that you saw is associated with the high turnover clients that tend to pay the lowest rate.
Phupinder Gill: Sure. I'm going to start and I'm going to ask both Derek and Sean to comment on their individual portfolios. I think on the whole, if you look at the growth of open interest, particularly in relation to where we ended the year last year, it's pretty positive. I think there is a small dip in the energy portfolio and I stress small. But if you are looking across the rest of the portfolio that we have, where open interest is concerned, where rates and equity and commodities and alternatives, they are seeing double-digit growth in open interest, foreign exchange open interest which as we articulated last year which was very high at the end of last year, is still even up 7%. And for the metals portfolio it is up 2%. With that I'm going to pass it over to both Sean and Derek to comment about their individual portfolios.
Phupinder Gill: I think, Rich, if you have the asset classes, such as the ones that we have, are your benchmarks across the board. And I think a very specific emphasis for us was to grow our client base; not just here, but around the world. And in particular the globalization effort that we embarked upon has been really successful. We have seen a growth in our client accounts. We're also seeing -- on the OTC side I think Sean gave us a very thorough analysis of the growth on the OTC side. Of particular interest to us and what we're encouraged by is the growth of the large open interest holders in some of the key asset classes that we have. I'm going to ask Bryan if he has anything to add here in terms of the globalization efforts for us.
Phupinder Gill: And, Rich just to add one last thing and I will ask Mr. Sammann to talk a little bit about that, is the growth in the electronification of options for us. And options in general actually, because we're on the cusp of change but it is uncertain with respect to both the timing and the scope and the scale of that change. They've seen remarkable activity here.
Phupinder Gill: Alex, this is Gill. Terry just stepped out; he should be back soon. But it is a key focus of Chairman [indiscernible] is what we actually know. I would not go about trying to guess what he is thinking about. In various conversations with him it's clear to us that his orientation is to be fair and also to get the best outcome for global investors here. And Terry just walked in a second ago.
Phupinder Gill: The central theme here, Alex, has not changed from the time that we demutualized. We said that when our clients said it's time to shut the pit, we would shut our pit. But the fact that we have done really well electronically is fantastic for us; it's a client choice. It shows -- the fact that some volume still remains in the pits is an indicator to us that although the trend is very positive that the pits remain viable for the options.
Phupinder Gill: Rich, I will start and then I will ask Sean and Bryan to join if they have anything to add. I think if you are looking at the OTC effort and if you remember when we first walked down this path we said that the OTC market was extremely complementary to the core business of CME. We continue to focus on that core and in particular how to make the markets in which we offer our clients as efficient as we possibly can. So the $18 million, as you point out, belies the fact that there are cross-margin efficiencies. It belies the fact that there are futurization opportunities and it also belies the fact that there are what I'll call innovation opportunities that exist. One such innovation has been the deliverable swap futures which is the highest of volume-traded futures up to this point in time. That innovation will continue. The cross-margining will continue and the education of our clients is also an ongoing process. I think, taken together, all of these factors will contribute to the growth of not just the core product, but in addition to the core you would see a corresponding growth on the swap side. The SEF -- the advent of more liquidity on SEFs may help. There may be some DCMs that roll off of swap trading that might help, but as we have said in the past, many of these swap products are complicated. And the way that they trade now I think seemingly, at least to us, seems to be a rational way to actually trade. The more important thing is once you've done these trades how can you hold them in the most efficient way possible.
Phupinder Gill: I think, Ken, I will start and I will ask John to add. Our willingness and ability to spend is almost entirely dictated by the opportunities that we see. And so there is no stop in spending. If there are opportunities that are worth the investment, we have never hesitated to invest and we, on a going-forward basis, will not change that approach.
Phupinder Gill: Thank you all for joining us this morning. We're extremely excited about the progress that we've made this year and we look forward to seeing you all soon. Thank you, guys.
Derek Sammann: It's Derek. On the energy side, where I will probably focus a little bit more, the drop off in the open interest has really been on the power side. And that's not just a CME Group story, that's an industry story, so there's no real surprise there. That's a market segment that's going under some significant change right now. We're doing extremely well on nat gas and WTI. You've seen the volume growth in particular on the options side as well, with the options volume up and TI close to 57%. When you look at our competitor on the Brent side, they are up about 10%. So the outperformance on the volume side being matched by the open interest growth side there.
Derek Sammann: I think to the extent that the overall franchise has grown significantly over the course of the year we actually look at July; even on a going-forward basis our July options volumes, on average, are up 30% across the board. Every single asset class is up between 24% and 30%. Specific on the electronification side, we're continuing to see trends that you've heard us talk about quarter on quarter. Our investment in education, in analytics and technology is allowing us to not only continue to grow our business but all the -- all the growth is coming electronically right now. So when you look at the aggregate portfolio, now 53% of our business in options trades electronically and all that increase in ADV growth quarter on quarter is all coming on Globex. Gill briefly mentioned the consistent growth in euro-dollar electronification from 12% last year to 18%. July is 23%. Other notable events, gold options, for example, tripled -- doubled in volume last week with the new low in gold and the options volume went from basically 60% electronic to 80% electronic. So what we're seeing is on high-volume days, in spiking volume days, that growth is outpacing itself on the electronic side. So big area of investment in growth and I think the numbers are bearing that out.
Derek Sammann: As you probably saw, we put a press release out last week where we executed an MOU with MCX, the Multi-Commodity Exchange which is the largest Indian commodities exchange. They have an 85% market share in the commodity space. What we've committed to work with them is we've got a 10-year commercial relationship with them by which they license our Henry Hub and WTI settlement prices and they trade features on the back of that that settle to our prices. We wanted to expand that and give them the pace of change from a regulatory perspective in India with the regulators rolling up under one single umbrella under SEBI. We wanted very much to both influence where we can, but also get closer to a strategic partner. So we've launched a commitment to a number of work streams, one of which is to launch a joint study looking at the feasibility of setting up exchange and operations in the IFSC, International Financial Service Centre, in India in the state of Gujarat. So it looks like an interesting opportunity. India is very much opening under a Modi government. And to the point that John made before about country champions, MCX is certainly the leading commodities exchange which makes sense to match up and work closely with us as the global leader on the commodity side here.
Derek Sammann: Yes, I think that's right. And as you've heard us talk about, our continued investment in the technology side is to enable the sort of complex spread trading that used to only be available on the floor. We're making that increasingly available with our solutions like CME Direct and adding analytics and capabilities to our electronic trading capabilities. So as John said, the market will find its place of liquidity. Increasingly in times of high volume and high volatility that growth is coming electronically, so we'll let that run its course.
Derek Sammann: Brent continues to move along. We have about a 12% market share in that market and it's important, not only as you [Technical Difficulty] for Brent trading in and of itself, but the spreads back into TI. So we're happy with that pace. We have no plans to change anything at this point. We're making steady progress and we've actually had some wins with some smaller commercials jump on board as well. So we're continuing to drive that and expand the ecosystem of participants there. Relative to the NFX move-in, they opened on Friday. We've seen this entrance in other asset classes over time, whether it was ELX or NYPC or other efforts to come in and launch a me-too slate of products. As we talked about in the last call, in the absence of product differentiation, a capital efficiency story, depth of liquidity, diversity of products or client diversification, outside of that, just launching a me too in the existing products I think is a challenging value prop. I think if you look at the depth of our market and the expanse of our WTI franchise right now, we're comfortable with the position. We absolutely welcome competition and we will let you guys decide how successful you think they are going to be.
Derek Sammann: It's interesting, we actually saw that happen in both NYPC and ELX when there was sort of a risk, [indiscernible] people would just put the risk on here and there. Frankly, unless it's real customer volume and real open interest that grows there, yes, we will benefit. But it won't necessarily be to the benefit if it's just market maker to market maker activity on that side. So if it's true to form for every previous attack, yes, we will see a small bump in our side. You'll likely see a one-for-one. There is no shift going on, but you're likely to see increase there, match one-for-one increase here.
Terry Duffy: So we testified yesterday on the G-20 commitments equivalents. Obviously it was something that I raised in there and you can imagine people saying they want to have parity. I did reference to the Congress and others that we were prepared to give parity by saying that we would take the higher of, whether it was -- whatever the regime was and others still balked at that. So it's clearly a competitive issue. Chairman Massad recognizes it's a competitive issue and I don't see him balking away from what we have here in the United States as a stronger regime being one-day gross for client and one-day net for house. So I think we're in one of those situations where we're going to have to wait and see how the chairman reacts. I met with him again yesterday while in DC and --. So I do believe equivalents will get done. It will be done probably, I would hope, sometime in September/October time period, but we'll have to wait and see. But I do believe that everybody in this country feels fairly strongly that our regime is the best regime. And we were going to have a standard global regime in years to come, hopefully and we won't have to go through this exercise that we're going through right now.
Terry Duffy: I think it's a nonstarter. I don't think it's on the table. I've heard nobody even reference it. I've heard nobody in our governments reference it. They already realize that one-day gross is collecting a higher margin on the client side to roughly over $38 billion to $40 billion higher than two-day net, so I think that they feel that that's plenty of coverage going forward. I have not heard anybody in this country introduce or discuss two-day gross.
Terry Duffy: Gill, if I might just add, I don't want to undermine the fact that how important liquidity is on strategy-type transactions. Options are strategy-type transactions. Futures lend themselves more to trading electronically. Some of our products do lend themselves to trading electronically on the options side; others do not at this point in time, some of our biggest products with that fact. And the last thing we want to do is to try to move a lever to move a business and hurt that business. So I think it's critically important that we continue to manage it the way we've been doing it all along. Again, I think you cannot dismiss the value of liquidity, market-making capabilities and abilities the way we have on options. They are different from features.
Terry Duffy: Yes, let me just add to what Bryan said, because I did put this in my testimony also yesterday to make certain that we cannot have a position limits regime that's different than the rest of the world to make the U.S. anti-competitive, because one of the greats benefits we have is discovering price in this country. Yesterday at Bryan's meeting question came up and I heard this through one of the staff, that as a public company are we the right person to be setting position limits. Well, the I answer to that question is we're absolutely the right company to be setting the position limits because we have the most at risk on the credibility of our marketplace more than anybody else. So we have the expertise to do it, as Bryan has outlined and of course the credibility issue is what we're all about. If we don't have a credible market, we don't have a credible institution. So we have the most incentive to make sure that these position limits are set properly and these markets are policed correctly.
John Pietrowicz: Sure, Dan. We're very happy with our excellent market data results. In the first quarter we only had two billing periods in screen counts, so we accrued at anticipated level of higher attrition than we're currently experiencing. So we made an adjustment this quarter to reflect better-than-expected levels of screens. We're going to continue to monitor the impacts of the pricing changes closely, so we currently expect the second half of the year to be approximately the same as the first half. We're not giving out any specific statistics around the number of screens, but what I can tell you is that they've been holding relatively flat. So we're pretty comfortable at the 100 million per quarter level. I'll just ask Bryan to chime in in terms of what he's hearing from the customers as it relates to market data.
John Pietrowicz: Sure. This is John, Mike. We sold approximately 14.3 million BM&F shares, so we did about $58 million in proceeds from those sales. We still hold 98 million shares or approximately 5.4% of BM&F. We did this for tax planning purposes, so we're likely to do some more. It's really strictly for tax planning. I think the relationship with BM&F is extremely strong. It's one of our key relationships around the globe. We work with them across multiple projects, whether it's on the technology side, whether it's on the product side or on the strategic side. So the relationship is really good. Globalization is a very key part of our overall strategy. One of the components of that globalization, along with putting customer-facing people around the world is our relationships with key country champions in each of the locales. We recently signed an MOU with India and I'll ask Derek to comment on that.
John Pietrowicz: Sure, Alex. This is John. As indicated previously, when we closed down the futures pits we were able to unlock about $10 million in annual cost savings. We anticipate running the entire floors, both in Chicago and in New York; cost us approximately $50 million a year, so $40 million remaining for the open pits. What's key for us is that we don't force the markets to move. The markets will move when and if, they are -- find liquidity and better execution on the box, so we want to manage that carefully. When you take a look, several of our pits are now approaching the 80%, 90% electronic phase. So it is something that we -- but we want the market to determine it. And I will turn it over to Derek, who manages our options business.
John Pietrowicz: And just to add to what Terry said, we generate well in excess of $100 million per year out of the options pits themselves.
John Pietrowicz: Rich, this is John. Just to put a fine point on it; as we mentioned, the volume that has left has been more the high-velocity hedge fund, low charge per ticket kind of volume, so the revenue drop will be lower than the volume drop. And what you will see is the rate per OTC trade will likely increase due to that customer mix shift.
John Pietrowicz: Sure, Ken. I think when we think about our opportunity set and what we're doing to manage the business, the areas that we're focused on in terms of efficiencies -- things like whether it's de-layering, whether it's closing the futures pits, whether it's optimizing our data center infrastructure, looking at how we provision and consume professional services -- all those expense management techniques are not in any way, shape or form impacting our ability to grow the business. So those are not growth inhibitors. We do look at redirecting some of those savings towards investments in our growth opportunities. So you'll see, like for example, whether it's growing our business internationally or whether or not it's investing in our OTC business or whether it's investing in electronifying our options, those opportunities are being able to be funded somewhat through managing our core infrastructure. So we feel good about that. In terms of our operating margin, there is no artificial constraint around how high our operating margin can go, other than 100%, for a longer period of time. I think the way we look at it is, we're managing -- we're pulling the levers that we can pull which is making sure we're running the most efficient engine as we can. And we're also using pricing levers and growing our business through interfacing with our customers. So those are the -- that's what we're focused on. We're not focused necessarily on how high our margins can expand. Now, historically, we've been as high as 65% and that was several years ago, so that's the way we've been approaching things.
