Phupinder Gill: Yeah. Dan, I think the story is consistent in what we have spoken to you about in the past, we will continue our focus on our globalization, on the options growth, and I talked a little bit about a short while ago, and as well as what we are now calling capital efficiencies which is a combination of a bunch of things, which is essentially the - whether we are talking about clearing a OTC trade, the futurization of the market place with brand - brand new clients are the cross-margining in the compression and services that we offer And with that focus that we have, we continue to remain opportunistic with respect to any kind of opportunities that we might see that makes sense, for both ourselves, our shareholders, as well as our clients.
Phupinder Gill: And it’s a higher return for our client base, one of the exciting things of having this fed account for us.
Phupinder Gill: Sure. Brian, this is Gill. I’m going to start and I’m going to ask Brian to basically expand more as to where he’s seen growth specifically. If you look at the product opportunity set, if you look at the opportunity in terms of the products that we have, across all the asset classes that we have, we have highly relevant products for all of our clients in all places around the world. Within Asia specifically, we’ve been focused over the last few years on China, but what we’ve not talked about is the sales effort that Brian will go a little bit into other parts of Asia which I would say have more developed in terms of the education side of things, Korea comes to mind. China, we have given you some numbers this quarter, specific to China, these are based on China, but they might be trading, they probably will be trading from outside of China. As China continues to expand its policies for access, you would see that number grow. The timing behind that remains to be seen, but as we sit here now, China is allowing and has allowed their intermediaries as well as their direct accounts such as the hedge funds, the prop shops and the commercial entities to establish operations outside of China and that’s the flow that we’re seeing. India is an uncapped opportunity at this time. There are very significant changes afoot in India that will also lend themselves and translate into opportunities for us. So with that broad view about China, and I am only talking about areas in which you will see the highest impact. I am going to turn it over to Brian to talk about some of the volume flows that we are seeing that are driving the high rate of growth there.
Phupinder Gill: Chris, this is Gill, I’d like to just add to what John said, John is spot on with respect to the current operating structure that we have and product as we continue to innovate across the asset classes. But as we roll out new and innovative products or services in response to what our client needs are and in conjunction with the capital efficiency goal that we have for our clients, the repo clearing service is one such thing and that’s a separate infrastructure from what we currently have. John has fine-tuned the current infrastructure to hum like you're seeing it now and within that construct the operating margin can absolutely grow. But as we introduced more things for our client base you may see a slight reduction depending upon the success of the products and services that we rollout.
Phupinder Gill: I will start and ask Kim to add here. The capital efficiency title has at least two or three things beneath that that might be helpful for your think about I would say in terms of the opportunities being efficient for client base futurization at the top of that list, so developing products in-house that our customers can use on the more capital efficient basis is one of the things that we have been doing and we will continue to actually do. If you look at the compressions services that we implemented not too long ago up to this point in time we’ve had $21 trillion in notional value that have been compressed over time and then if you look at the performance of the OTC market itself, it has taken an uptick from the fourth quarter of last year. Now this value proposition, this group of value propositions that I just described no one else can provide that. The compression in conjunction with the cross margining and in conjunction with the futurization are opportunity. So I think from that perspective we are quite excited as the interest rate environment continues to shift.
Phupinder Gill: Patrick, this is Gill. I think on the first part of your question you should ask them, willing to talk about the opportunities. On the second part of the question I had to go back to what Sean had said before. The whole focus on the competitive dynamics of what we all do to here and so we believe and as I said we are the best value proposition for our client base and we intend to grow upon that.
Phupinder Gill: Thank you so much for joining us this morning and we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Bye-bye.
John Pietrowicz: Hi, Dan. This is John jumping in. We look at both organic and inorganic growth opportunities all the time. And really it’s about creating shareholder value in the best way possible. So we look at acquisitions in particular, we look at it from obviously multiple valuation metrics, as accretive over time to earnings, does it create a value by looking at cash flow models. So, we look at kind of return thresholds. We usually use about 9% to 10% is kind of the threshold that we look at. But I think for us it’s, are we creating shareholder value, how is the best way to get from a strategic perspective to where we want to be, is it growing the business organically, investing the business organically, or is it purchasing good services or another company from somebody else. So, that’s what we look at.
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Thanks, Rich. Our expense control and running our business as efficiently as possible is a very big focus of the entire management team and it’s really become part of our DNA. When we look at the expenses, the first quarter tends to be a slower quarter in terms of expenses as we build up and projects get launched in the second and third quarters. But if you look at slide 14, you can see the results of our focus on expenses. You can see that over time, we’ve had expanding operating margins and we’ve got incremental margins last year of 112% and 90% incremental margins this quarter, and operating margins around 65%. So it’s been a large focus of ours. In terms of the guidance, we are - we have guided to a very modest 1% increase in expenses ex license fees, that’s - and we’re not adjusting guidance at this time. But we are intensely focused on the business and running the business as efficiently as efficiently as possible. And what this does is, this allows us to free up cost for growth initiatives and some of the growth initiatives Gill outlined in his prepared remarks. And, for example, Swaptions is something that we’ll be launching that maybe - Derek or Sean can comment on, as an example of what we’re working on.
John Pietrowicz: So, Rich, I mean, we are focused on expense management, we are focused on reducing infrastructure cost and freeing up those costs, invest in new initiatives like Sean just mentioned.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Ken. We’ve been very focused on driving our investment income line. In fact, if you take a look, since 2012, in the first quarter of 2012, we actually had an $18 million expense in non-operating income and now we’ve driven that to a $5 million income on that line. So overall, when you look at how the earnings that we got from managing collateral, we earned approximately $7 million this quarter through investing that collateral, which is about double last quarter. It was driven primarily by the increase in interest rates. Access to the fed accounts will be for house positions held in cash, to the extent that that cash balance increase, with an opportunity for us to earn more, and we’ll be able to provide more color on how much is about that impact next quarter when the fed accounts become operational. But to give you an idea about 20% of our $138 billion in collateral is house account related. Maybe Kim could comment on the fed account.
John Pietrowicz: Sure. This is John. BVM&F is one of our most important international strategic relationships, regardless of any ownership stakes. We continue to hold about 4% stake in BVM&F, the value of which has increased over $150 million since the end of 2015, and we’ll continue to work with them as we have, historically. In terms of the India Exchange, we’re not going to comment on any of the -
John Pietrowicz: I would just add to that specifically on the international side within Asia for example, we’re seeing growth coming from each of our client segments in the energy quadrant. Props are up 31%. Banks interestingly enough were up 104%, hedge funds 96%. Corporate firms coming in 88%, retail 85%. We’re seeing similar activities coming out of Europe. So for example, on the hedge fund and in the asset management community, 26% growth specifically in the energy quadrant. So it goes to our sales penetration and efforts in that regard in terms of how we’re targeting our focus and our campaigns in these areas.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Alex. When we provided guidance last year, we provided a range because it’s very difficult to predict. We had given guidance at 4% to 5% growth rates. We came in this quarter, up 4.5% from Q1 last year, which is in line with our guidance. We are seeing pressure as customers move to our full priced offering as well as the decline in screen counts, as banks lay off staff as you’ve probably heard from the bank’s earnings calls. So we’re very focused and working hard on our data business, but we’re seeing some headwinds as you indicated.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks. This is John. Yes, we are limited by 100% is our limit. But in all seriousness, we are - we continue to run the business as efficiently as possible. As you can see from the amount of volume we have been able to handle without any issues, we have been able to handle that this quarter without any incidents. So I think for us we do have natural increases to our cost and over time and that will be inflationary things, salaries, wages and the like. But we are - we provide a tremendous amount of value to our clients and so as more liquidity comes into the marketplace, there is more trading that occurs, which is tremendous benefit to our business and the amount of volume that we are able to handle, we have been proven out to be able to handle that. Other things that kind of impact the margin is also license we pay on equity contracts primarily. So there is some share that impacts kind of our margin level. But there is nothing artificial out there that prevents that from going higher.
John Pietrowicz: On the Fed counts in particular for our customers it does allow us to offer them a significantly increased return on their cash. So it should make us a more valuable proposition for them.
John Pietrowicz: So we are always focused on the clients and the value that we add to clients and therefore we are also always focused on market share. So in each and every one of our businesses, we are continuously focused on our direct competitors, but also substitute products and making sure that we add the most value. So while we may not have talked about this as actively before, this is certainly something that we look at very closely. In particular, if you look at that business, we are very focused on the ability to cross margin obviously the underlying futures against the options as most efficient platform possible. We are continuously focused on TCA or total cost analysis. We've talked about this across each of our different business lines. If you recall at the beginning of last year, Greenwich Associates did a big study that looked at our interest rate futures as always being the lowest cost relative to the interest rate swaps industry in terms of representing risk. Similarly we have come out last year with something called the big picture and then we did an update this year again with the big picture. But we are showing that as an example, our equity futures far more efficient for investors for giving exposure to the equity market than ETFs. So we are continuing to look at the substitute products both from a customer client value proposition, but also from a market share perspective.
Kim Taylor: Currently the cash balances on the house positions is $3 billion. That’s not a number that we control, it’s a number that the clearing members control with the decisions that they make about what they post for margin. But obviously the return that they get and the funds that they post with us is part of that decision.
Kim Taylor: And then you asked about the customer accounts. Those are authorized. Our VAT process is underway between the regulators, that’s’ not something that we can really comment on the timing up, but we know that it is still being worked on.
Kim Taylor: And then I would just add I think this is not something that is exclusive to CME, but CME is working with the industry to try and get better recognition for customer margin in the treatment of capital at the bank level, that will be a very significant element in reducing the cost of doing business.
Bryan Durkin: With the respect to the efforts in Greater China and Hong Kong, and specifically, we are seeing revenues that are up about 51%, 56% growth in our volume that’s been driven by energy, equities as well as some of our interest rate products. Within the segments, the growth is really coming crops, a growing number of private hedge funds and asset managers have also evolved. We are working very closely with our intermediaries to help bring that business into our markets. We are seeing some good traction in terms of liberalization of central state owned enterprises. For example, SOEs were permissioned up until about two years ago, 31, now it’s about 112 or in that areas, so we are seeing that as additional opportunity. Sovereign wealth funds and asset managers are increasingly growing their business with us and again, we are focusing in that area and really building on opportunities to work with corporates, particularly insurance companies. We see more Chinese banks that are enquiring about trading our products and also looking to build their efforts enquiring about OTC clearing with us, which is a very good sign. Within Taiwan, year-to-date volume and revenue was up about 40% and 36% respectively. The main drivers in those areas were equities, FX energy and interest rates. The main participants are banks, asset managers and again, we are seeing good opportunities with insurance companies. There has been some progress within Taiwan in terms of allowing securities firms to offer global futures that we are working very closely with our intermediaries to bring that business into our group. Within Japan, we have seen a consistent growth of about 7%, revenues are up about 32%. You got to keep in mind, Japan is the second biggest holder of US debt, so there is great opportunities there. Main drivers have been from banks and we are seeing some nice growth coming from asset managers. Gill alluded to Korea, we continue to see very nice growth coming out of Korea. It was two years ago that there were no Korean FCMs that had an average monthly volume of about 100,000 contracts. Today, we are happy to say that we have eight firms that are providing at least 100,000 sites per month which is great progress. And the drivers in that area are equities, rates, foreign currency and energy. Singapore is up about 18%. Coming out of that region, we are seeing some nice growth coming from the banks in particular as well as proprietary firms and corporates and commercials. Another area that we are very excited about is Australia, we really haven’t mentioned. Our volume this year in Australia was up 12% and our revenues are up I think approximately 50% if I my memory serves me correctly. The top three products are interest rates, ags, equities. Ags are up about 27%, foreign currencies are up about 39%. Our main focus in working with Australia again is within the asset management community, hedge funds and the banks.
Bryan Durkin: No, I mean you certainly hit it, as the full fair came into play we did expect that there might be some drop off from individuals that may be using a particular screen and not really utilize for trading quite frankly but observing the markets. Those level of users have been pretty small, I mean the biggest impact as Gill had referenced is the rationalization that we’re seeing from firms that have been consolidating their operations and making those decisions with the respect of reduction in staffing and layoffs.
Bryan Durkin: It's Bryan, on the market data side, yes we are able to size across the user base, the profile of user and while we saw a down trend this past quarter with specifically within the bank sector, I can't comment whether or not we're going to see it continue trend going in that direction. What I can say is that we are closely monitoring our performance and have every expectation to continue making a good progress we have with market data.
