John W. Pietrowicz: Sure. Thanks, Chris. Yeah, we've been very pleased with the performance of the S&P Dow Jones joint venture. As you know, the S&P JV revenue consists of assets under management, which is the majority of the revenue. But a significant portion is also based on derivatives trading, specifically here and at CBOE. So you've seen our performance in equities this quarter up 47%. So that gets paid through a license fee from us to them, and then we then get back 27% of it through the earnings in the JV. DJO (00:07:04) also has had very good activity as well. So again, it's a lot of the dynamics that are positively impacting our business is positively impacting their business, and it's just been a tremendous business model that they have, and one that we're very happy to participate in.
John W. Pietrowicz: ...the recent breakdown for you there. But again, like I said, it's been a positive with regard to our equity activity, really positive in terms of both the S&P, and also, Nasdaq futures has performed also very well.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yeah, Rich. I'll take part of that. So there's really no new update to the timeline other than what Terry mentioned. We do expect the shareholder vote on May 18. It's been scheduled. We still plan on closing on the second half of this year. Also, as Terry mentioned, we're working through the regulatory approval process now. So no real update on the timeline. In terms of leverage and paying down the debt, really nothing more to update you on than what we put in the 2.7 announcement. And really what we did is we approached our structure to the transaction and our approach over the next couple years to be balanced in terms of investing in the business, returning capital to shareholders and paying down the debt. And as you saw, we, in the 2.7 agreement, or announcement, I should say, we expect to delever over the next couple of years down to levels that are similar to where we stand today. So that's our objective.
Sean Tully: Sure. This is Sean jumping in. Thank you for those great questions. So on March 26, as folks know, we launched the FX Link. We are very excited about that. We're doing several hundred contracts a day. The more important thing I'd say in there is that we've got a very good participation from the right set of clients. So this is not a couple of prop firms passing it around, but is the new clients who are using the product for the defined purpose. With such a large innovation, I'd say, right, where you're bringing together the OTC market and the futures market, it is going to take time for volumes to build and for additional participants to fully build automated trading. We're currently seeing primarily, I think, point-and-click trading. But we do expect over the coming weeks and months to see a greater number of automated traders. We know of several firms that are building out, in particular end-users that are building out their automated trading. If we look at the BTIC; BTIC, very exciting results this year. Last year we averaged less than 13,000 contracts a day. This year, we're averaging more than 40,000 contracts a day. So we've more than tripled the volume in the BTIC. Great innovation last year. It's got nearly a $3 RPC. So very, very positive for the RPC for the entire equity complex, but obviously a great innovation. Thanks for asking about TACO. We've got a number of new launches that are coming up over the coming month. On May 7, we're going to launch SOFR futures. On May 14, we're going to launch the TACO on the equity indices. And then on May 21, we are launching Colombian peso, Chilean peso and CNY or the renminbi interest rate swap clearing. So we're very excited about the new product launches. In terms of TACO, TACO, Trade at Cash Open, so it is the opening market equivalent to BTIC, which is Basis Trade Index Close. It is not as large a market as the close, so the opening market a bit smaller, but we do expect a similar set of participants with a similar set of efficiencies delivered to them, and we are hearing a lot of excitement around it.
Sean Tully: So, Citi is the central prime broker, but we have now signed up several different prime brokers who are all available. So yeah, most participants now, because of the number of prime brokers that we have, will be able to access the trading. But again, it takes time for people to set up their own systems, in particular, on the automated trading side to take advantage of it. Again, the good news is it takes a long time, right, to build up an ecosystem. But the really good news is we've got, again, a very solid and I'd say the right set of end-customer participants who are in there doing point-and-click who have said that they're in the process of building their automated trading. So, it's a very good start.
Sean Tully: Sure. This is Sean jumping in. We are excited about the SOFR launch. In terms of designing the contracts, we met face-to-face with more than 100 clients, working with our sales team and our research team in order to design the contracts, and the marketplace is very excited about the launch. So in recent weeks, 80% of the calls actually in regards to SOFR are incoming from customers asking about it. So it also gives us a big opportunity to engage with clients very closely on our interest rate products. Actually, in terms of that, CME Group is the natural home for the product. We are always looking at delivering efficiencies to the marketplace, efficiencies to our customers, because we're offering intercommodity spreads between our Fed Funds futures and our Eurodollar futures and the new SOFR futures. We will be the single most efficient place to execute those future contracts. In addition to that, on the clearing side, because we have huge open interest in Eurodollar futures and Fed Funds futures as well as Treasury futures, you're going to see the greatest possible benefits in terms of margin and capital efficiencies. In terms of the uptake, I think that's highly uncertain. I think there's, as we know, hundreds of trillions of dollars' worth of derivatives and securities in open interest in LIBOR. And several trillion, I think the last estimate from the Alternative Reference Rate Committee was on the order of $9 trillion worth of securities in particular, and a very large portion of those go out, in terms of maturity, for many years. So I don't personally see LIBOR going away any time soon. I think it will remain extremely healthy, and that's what we're seeing in the marketplace. But I think SOFR will be – create new complementary opportunities for trading the basis or the risk between the two. So I see SOFR as a really a new opportunity for us in addition to the existing products. Another thing I'd like to mention is our Eurodollar complex continues to see recently record open interest, record volumes, so we see greater excitement in our Eurodollar futures and options than ever before. So I don't see LIBOR going away any time soon.
