John W. Pietrowicz: Thank you, Terry, and good morning, everyone. We are very pleased to report another strong quarter. Our consistent steady results reflect the benefits of our balanced portfolio of diverse products and our continued efforts to operate our business as efficiently as possible. Our solid clearing and transaction fee revenue was driven by record activity in energy and metals and more than 20% volume growth in interest rates. That, coupled with strong expense discipline, resulted in another quarter of record adjusted net income and earnings per share. Overall, our rate per contract for the quarter was $0.749, up 2% from the prior quarter. This was primarily due to a product mix shift towards our higher priced commodity products. Market data came in at $96 million, relatively in line with Q1. As indicated on the last call, this will be the general range for 2017. Our additional data products and services beyond real-time sales are more of a 2018 driver. Other revenue was down $4.6 million sequentially, the result of a few non-recurring one-time items in recent quarters. Also, our interest-earning facilities investment income, which had previously run between $2.5 million and $3 million per quarter and is included in the other revenue section, dropped to almost zero in Q2 as the vast majority of cash margin deposits have been migrated into the Fed facility which has a higher rate of return. The revenue and expense is reflected in non-operating results. Moving to expenses, our second quarter expense was $261 million, down 3% compared to the prior year, excluding license fees and adjustments: We are maintaining our 1% full-year expense growth guidance, which excludes license fees, based on expected back-half spending. Our adjusted compensation expense was up 3% compared to the same quarter a year ago, but down about $2 million sequentially. Our compensation ratio in Q2 was 14.5%, relatively in line with Q1 and the full-year of 2016. Looking at the non-operating income and expense line for the second quarter, our ownership in the S&P Dow Jones Indices joint venture is what drove the $32 million in net earnings from unconsolidated subsidiaries. This was the highest quarter we have seen and up 18% from Q2 last year. The compound annual growth rate on this contribution has been 13% since 2013. Our returns from investing cash on behalf of our customers increased sequentially to $21.2 million, up from $12.2 million in Q1. The tax rate in the second quarter was an adjusted 36.5%, up sequentially as we had guided to last quarter. Given the recent announcement of an increase in the Illinois State income tax starting in July, we expect our tax rate to increase by 0.4% annually and 0.2% for the current quarter. For modeling purposes, I would suggest you use 36.8% for the second half, or 36.5% for 2017. And now to the balance sheet. At the end of the second quarter, we had approximately $1.45 billion in cash and marketable securities. We paid out $223 million in June through our regular quarterly dividend. It is worth noting we have returned approximately $8 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends since the implementation of the variable dividend policy in early 2012. Finally, during the second quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $16.5 million. For the year, we now expect $90 million to $95 million of CapEx. In summary, we continue to execute well on our plans in an efficient and effective manner, no matter the underlying environment. We continue to work closely with our customers. We aim to improve their experience and provide them with solutions to their challenges. We also are positioning ourselves to attract more new users from around the world to our deep liquid capital-efficient markets. For the quarter, our efforts resulted in record adjusted net income and earnings per share. We intend to continue moving forward along this proven path to drive long-term value creation for both customers and shareholders. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question so we can get to everyone. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz: Hi, Sameer, this is John. As you know, we guided to (12:13) for the year, excluding license fees, and that's at a level below our 2014 spend. As you know, most of our expense lines don't move very much. The two lines I would expect to increase in the back half of the year are professional fees and marketing. Our professional fees fluctuate with timing around projects and project spending, and they were light in the first half, running about 17% below last year. And I don't expect that to continue. And marketing, as you know, is back-end loaded with our customer-facing events in the fourth quarter. We are continuing to manage our cost very carefully and, as you indicated, we are not changing our guidance at this time and we're going to strive to do better than it.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure, and thanks, Rich. Yes, the other revenue line was down about $4.6 million, and there's a number of small miscellaneous items that flow through that line. We had, in the first quarter, had some work that we were doing on the clearing side and services side that we had in revenue and there's some adjustments related to that again in the second quarter. But the key thing is that our interest earning facility fees, which historically have been in the $2.5 million to $3 million range and booked in other revenue, is now down in the other income and expense line because folks have been shifting to the – we have shifted to the Fed accounts. So it's down $2.5 million to $3 million in other revenue, but more importantly, it's better for our customers to have access to the Fed. And that's down on the other income line, which now is running about $21 million, up from about $12 million last quarter. In fact, when you look at the other income and expense portion of our income statement, for the first half of the year it's around $44 million and in 2014 for the first half of the year it was zero. So we've been very pleased to be able to offer this to our customers. It's been very good for our customers and good for CME Group.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yes, yes, thank you, Rich. Yes, it was a $9 million increase from $12 million in other income and expense to $21 million, right? So, it was an increase of $9 million. I would expect going into next quarter an additional $4 million on top of the $21 million, because we'll have a full-year impact of the Fed increase that was done in June. Full quarter impact, I should say.
John W. Pietrowicz: You know, I think what we'll do, Kyle, is -- we haven't announced exactly what we're going to do going forward in terms of what we'll pass through. A way to think about it is these customers have alternative locations as to where to invest their money. And so, we want to balance the amount that we return with their alternative choices in terms of investments. So, really what we want to do is to make sure that we offer them an alternative in terms of a risk-free Fed position that is good for them and also, we would then earn on that as well. So, it's really – it's a function of, as Sunil indicated, covering costs, it's also a function of alternatives that our customers have in terms of where they can invest their funds.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yeah, if you take a look through the month of July, it's been roughly between $37 billion and $38 billion. As Sunil indicated, it's a function of trading activity and how much margin needs to be put up at the clearinghouse. It's also a function of where they can get better returns, and right now the Fed is offering the best returns for our customers.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yeah, I think -- there is an option to early adopt the requirements ahead of the requirements. I think for us, it is going to take some time for corporates to adopt it, to learn about our products, and as the team said here, they're working very closely with their clients and obviously this will be nonmember activity for us.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure, this is John. Our CapEx expenditures are on track for same -- about the same amount of spending that we had done in last year, and over the last several years, you've seen our capital expenditures go down for two primary reasons. One is we've reduced the amount of our real estate footprint in terms of buildings and the like. So that's reduced our capital expenditures. Also, we now had sold our data center and our leasing netbacks. So that's reduced our capital expenditures relative to our data center, and it also took us out of those investment cycles that we need to do with fixed real estate. Also, with the ability the lease has given us, it has given us the ability to flex in terms of our real estate footprint. Then on the technology side, really, we've done a couple of things. The technology team has done a great job in terms of moving more to software-as-a-service, which no longer is a capitalized expenditure, rather it flows through our expenses. And the way we've designed the systems, we're constantly upgrading our systems. And so, as you can see like on large days like Brexit or the U.S. elections, we are able to handle these large days, and it's because our technology team has done a great job in terms of keeping our systems up and providing that kind of capacity and that kind of speed. So, again, it's the reducing of our fixed real estate footprint, it's utilizing new technology, and it's constantly upgrading our systems. So, we've been in this $90 million to $100 million range over the last couple of years and we would expect -- I would expect to do something similar in the future.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yes, thank you, Brian. We're constantly looking at our expenses and managing them as efficiently as we possibly can. When you take a look at July, yes, we've had a tougher volatility backdrop, although we've got a good mix in terms of products going into in the month of July. So we feel that that will be positive from a revenue perspective because, obviously, the commodity products are a higher-priced product for us. In terms of managing our expenses, obviously, license fees is an area where we'll see it come down a little bit due to lower volumes. Also, from a bonus perspective, that would be impacted as well if we have a long protracted low volume scenario. But I think we'll also be focused on a lot of the kind of adjustable expenses or discretionary expenses, as any company would when they are in a challenging environment. So things like travel and marketing and the like. It's a little too early for guidance for 2018. I think kind of a longer run guidance, excluding license fees, would be in kind of the low-single-digit area in terms of expense growth.
John W. Pietrowicz: You know, thanks, Kyle. The progress we're making in terms of the closure of our operations, the CME Clearing Europe and CME Europe, is moving along as scheduled. It's a little early to know whether or not the funds will get back in time for the annual variable dividend. Plus, it's a board decision with regard to how much that we will be issuing in terms of the dividend, but it's something we definitely will be taking into consideration as we get closer to the end of the year, and we usually determine that in kind of the November timeframe.
Sean Tully: Yeah, so, thanks for the question. A very good question. CME Group has been very, very closely involved with the marketplace for the customers and with the regulators and with the oversight bodies. Just to note, CME Group is a member of the LIBOR oversight committee over at ICE. CME Group also is a member of the alternative reference rate committee that actually recently voted and determined that a broad Treasury repo rate would be the best alternative reference rate. In addition to that, Kim Taylor is on the board of directors of ISDA, and CME Group has been working closely with the benchmark fallback working groups at ISDA in order to make sure that we are part of that process and make sure that we are fully in line with the rest of the industry. We actually announced last week, on Wednesday of last week, we had a press release that we are going to be very closely engaged with our customer base in the entire marketplace over the coming weeks and months in order to design and launch the new futures contracts as well as the new interest rate swaps that would be driven by the new alternative reference rate. We'll be having a webinar on October 4 and we plan to launch futures on the new rates as soon as they are available. This should allow us to provide for the marketplace the natural home for these new products. The CME Group, as you know, we've got the largest U.S. dollar interest rate futures complex in the world, across our Fed Funds, Eurodollars and Treasuries. That home offers enormous benefits for the new index in terms of the margin offsets, the guaranteed fund offsets, and the efficiencies they can have from a capital basis. In addition to that, we planned, as soon as the rates are available from the Federal Reserve and the Office of Financial Research, we plan on launching the new products. And, in terms of execution, we will also offer inter-commodity spreads with our existing futures. So we see CME Group as the natural home for the new index. We see the opportunity for basis trading of that new index against the rest of our complex, and we see CME Group as the most efficient home for it.
Sean Tully: Yes, Sean chiming in again. So, I would presume that other platforms will launch alternative reference rate contracts. We will also launch alternative reference rate contracts. We will, as always, be very, very close to our customers in terms of designing the contracts. If you look at our Ultra 10, for example, we were very close to the marketplace in designing that new contract, and I'm happy to say just 18 months in that contract has traded over 30 million contracts, over 400,000 open interest. And, at the same time, we continue to grow the open interest of our entire treasury platform. In fact, since we launched the Ultra 10, the total open interest in our treasury, futures and options has increased by 2.73 million contracts. So we work very closely with the marketplace. In addition to that, we have enormous offsets against our existing futures and options. So, I don't think that another platform can offer the efficiencies. If you look at the Russell 2000, the reason the Russell 2000 is back at CME Group is because of the massive offsets that we offer against both the NASDAQ and the S&P futures. The Russell launch going very well so far. Actually, last week. In third week in, we're already trading 12% of our competitor's volumes. So we're very pleased with the results there. So, again, kind of in summary, I would assume that other platforms would offer the rate; however, we have the most efficient home in terms of the offsets against our existing products. And I'm talking there about the capital and the margins. Without question, I would expect we will have very high offsets, in particular, against our Fed Funds futures. It's an overnight index will be the index that's chosen again. It's an overnight broad treasury repo index. Very closely correlated with our Fed Fund futures. If you look at our Fed Fund futures at CME Group, they're up 71% this year in terms of the average daily volume. We had a record volume day recently of over 900,000 contracts. Putting that in perspective, that 900,000 contract day, that's a $5 million contract. We did over $4 trillion in Fed Funds futures on that day. The Fed Funds futures very highly correlated with the new index. So, we expect to be the natural home. We do expect competition. Competition is good, but we will be extremely closely engaged with our customers and we're quite sure that we'll have the right product.
Sean Tully: In terms of the pricing, I'm not going to comment on the pricing yet. I'm going to be designing the product, closely engaged with the marketplace and making sure that CME Group has the single most efficient, lowest total cost offering available anywhere in the market.
Sean Tully: Sure. In terms of the rates of foreign exchange and equities complex. In particular, I talked about rates. Greenwich Associates published a study now a few years ago, where they looked at the total costs, total cost analysis of implementing risk hedging in CME's interest rate futures. They looked at, in particular, the Eurodollars and Treasuries relative to the OTC swap market, and they found across the board CME's future products are always the lower-cost way to implement any hedging strategies. So, that's allowed us to do an enormous amount of futurization, in particular, relative to the requirements to clear. If you look, just as a reminder, in 2012 CME's treasury futures, for example, traded 55%, approximately, of the cash government bond market volumes. Now, today, actually I'm happy to say that we are now at new record levels at almost 85% of the cash government bond market. That's on the back of, again, our futures complex being the best, lowest cost, total cost alternative relative to the OTC marketplace. So a lot of folks, as Derek mentioned, corporates, in particular, who have been constrained by these accounting rules and have been forced, in some sense, to use the OTC market will now be able to use our entire interest rates complex much more easily for their hedging purposes. So, we do expect a continued increase and we will be working closely with participants in order to facilitate that.
Sean Tully: You know, I think that's uncertain. I'm not going to give any predictions around that, but we're working closely with participants in regards to it.
Sean Tully: Yeah, I'm not going to compare the two. I mean, both highly uncertain. I mean, in terms of balance sheet issue, as long as you brought it up, right? We know the current Fed balance sheet around $4.5 trillion. And the marketplace believes that starting September likely -- I mean who knows when it's going to happen, but likely September the Fed will begin to reduce the size of its balance sheet. The Fed, as a reminder to folks, has been buying about $600 billion a year worth of securities. They are price insensitive. And once they start to reduce the size of their balance sheet, those securities will have to be bought by price-sensitive participants which use our futures in order to hedge their positions. So we're looking forward to that opportunity. In fact, actually, if you look at that, in the month of July, our treasury options ADV was up 53% year-over-year, we think in reflection of the greater interest in the Fed balance sheet activity.
Sean Tully: Yeah, this is Sean chiming in. The transition, I think will take a number of years. To be very clear in terms of Andrew Bailey last week at the FCA, the Chairman of the FCA, he indicated that – that the banks have indicated that they are going to be very happy and willing to submit to the LIBOR process through the end of 2021. So that's at least four-and-a-half years. That also, at that time, the banks may decide to continue to submit. So there is no end date whatsoever. But, we do know that LIBOR will be very healthy and robust for at least four-and-a-half years. And, again, we're working very closely with the marketplace. In particular, we are working very closely with ISDA on potential fallback. One thing I will also mention, maybe, Eurodollar futures many years ago were actually not determined by LIBOR, but instead, CME Group itself determined its own benchmark rate, that derived or drove the settlements of the Eurodollar futures. So, there are many potential outcomes, but we, again, we believe we're the national home relative to the margin and capital benefits, the ability to have inter-commodity spreads looks extremely efficient, spread trading between all existing LIBOR products and the new indices. And we're engaged with every aspect of the community, again, including the regulators, right through the alternative reference rate committee, ISDA, through the benchmark fallback working group, as well as on the board of directors, and the ICE LIBOR oversight committee. So, we're very close to the situation and we will be launching new products on the new index.
Sean Tully: I'm really not going to predict that. What I know is that we will be very closely working with the community and we will be the best home for everyone, to the extent that folks decide to use the new index.
Bryan T. Durkin: We're continuing to execute on our strategy to drive revenue through improved execution in our core market data business and updating our programs and policies accordingly. We've made really good progress in the resourcing of the team focusing primarily on a newer revenue stream for us, as I have alluded to in the past, which is derived data. What we are finding is not only have we made good progress in the development of this business, but it definitely represents an important revenue stream to us and our team is well on its way in responding to and executing on the growing demand for our data IP. We've also instituted a strategy team, and this team is responsible for expanding our product offerings, and this is largely being driven by business intelligence efforts that are underway today so that we can have a better insight as to the consumers of our data and how that has changed. Data is not being utilized just strictly as we would think for trading terminal usage. It's being utilized for analytics, development of other products, and we're in the process of ensuring that the products and services that we offer are best positioned to commercialize those opportunities. We've also instituted our audit program to ensure that our consumers are actually consuming the data in accordance with their licensing arrangements with us and that we are receiving the appropriate fees. So, we're pleased with the progress we are making in that regard
Bryan T. Durkin: Sure. This is Bryan. We're particularly pleased to see the growth in liquidity that's happening during the regional hours. As we alluded to earlier, this is definitely drawing more and more participation from the broader segments within those zones. When we talked a bit earlier about the growth in energy in interest rates that we've seen throughout Europe, that growth is being driven by a variety of sectors. We're seeing nice growth from hedge funds, asset managers, in particular, as well as some of our corporate clients. So that's a very good trend from that perspective. On the Asia Pacific side of things, again, the growth trajectory is being driven largely from our hedge fund community and our asset managers. Another area that we are pleased to see is a pickup in the activity that we're seeing from the banking sector. So I think the efforts that we've undertaken to make sure that that activity is really building up during their regional hours, for example, 33% up in Q2 in Asia, representing -- I mean, in Europe, representing 1.4 million contracts, that's a substantial growth trajectory that is driving that local demand and that interest. Same thing in Asia, we're up 22% representing about 434,000 contracts out of around 650,000 in total.
Bryan T. Durkin: So, as I represented earlier, we're really actively engaging in our business intelligence efforts to have a deeper understanding of how that data is being consumed, and we're looking at this a bit differently in the context of data terminals for real-time versus other reasons for how that data is being consumed. As we gather more of that information, I feel that it's going to help us better position our value and our commercial proposition as we continue to grow that business. In essence, the data is being utilized and consumed in a broader array of purposes than what you would traditionally think of as terminals.
