Phupinder S. Gill: Ken, just to sum up what Sean just walked through, if you look at the – and this is in part – part of what I said a short while ago, if you look at the income for the Interest Rate environment, the $600 million three years ago, in a very flat environment, in a continued flat environment, we grew that to $800 million...
Phupinder S. Gill: With respect to the CME exchange in Europe, there are plans to expand beyond the Agricultural products, and the FX products that are there. And I ask Derek to make a comment there.
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes, and just to add to what John said, if you look at some of the emerging technologies and the investments that we have made, they translate very neatly into use cases for us. And so we have a bunch of folks running a bunch of use cases across not just the payment and the settlement side but across many aspects of the operations of the firm, with the – with the intention to reduce not just our costs, but the costs of connecting into our client base. And – and in turn, reducing our client's costs.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I just want to emphasize one thing that Derek touched upon a short while ago, and this is a testament, again, to the investment that we have made over the years in growing our sales force around the world. And that is – and the people, relationships, and education campaigns that we have run in China. The past two months, as the upheaval in China has intensified, we have seen a very large number of trade, traders that are seeking opportunities outside of China and that's been driving a significant portion of the international growth that Bryan is referring to here. You're also seeing the open interest for the entire exchange growing significantly, which is another thing that you did not see in the years that you mentioned, right? So these things, together with the product development, that has been done across the board, is what I would say, differentiates us in this environment from the – from the past ones.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you all for joining us on this call and we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz: Ken, can I – let me just add something really quick here. You know, we went down a couple million dollars in revenue in swaps clearing, but as you recall, a couple of years ago, several years ago, as we started to introduce clearing of swaps, there's a lot of people that thought that we would (20:41) make anywhere between $500 million and $1 billion doing this business. We went out for it very aggressively to price this in order to build up our core business and to grow the revenue in our core business. And I think what Gill and Sean just walked you through is a couple million dollars down in swaps clearing but multiples of that in our core business. So, I think that strategy really worked to perfection.
John W. Pietrowicz: Well, as you know, we don't give out guidance on volume, which is the main driver relative to clearing transaction fees, but as we look at it as a management team, we're focused really on two things, managing our expenditures and growing our top-line and expanding our margins. So, you're right. We were expecting a very modest 1% increase in expenses and I think what we're looking at is two drivers, one being our Market Data revenue, which we showed was – where we showed the increase, about 4% to 5%, and then we've also used the lever in terms of pricing in our transaction fees. We provide a tremendous amount of value to our clients. So, we have a 2% increase across the board in our transaction fees. So, when you take a look at the month of January, we've had a record volume for the month of January. We've seen large increases in our options complex. So, the things that we laid out to do, growing internationally, growing our options complex, we've taken the opportunity to adjust prices. So, our top-line is – we're hitting on all levers there. And on the expense side, just – one of the things that we're doing, like I said, is managing the expenditures very carefully, and we've really focused on efficiency, in light of – in light of security spending, regulatory spending, which we've made investments in over time. And we're continuing to look at our technological infrastructure. Also, we are looking at keeping our compensation relatively flat as well as we kind of manage the – the human capital here too.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure, Ken. This is John. We do have a venture group, CME Ventures, that has been investing in technology companies that we see as potentially being important to us in the long run. So, we've been investing in real-time payments. We've been investing in Blockchain. We've been investing in Big Data, computing technology companies, and the like. So, it's important for us because what we're able to do is by making these investments, we can get a kind of a view of the kind of the future, if you will, and bring that kind of that innovation back into the company. And one of the things that we have a strong culture on is innovation and bringing this knowledge into the company helps us in terms of our long-term planning
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure. When you take a look at the – when you take a look at the RPC from outside the U.S, it tends to be higher than within the U.S., because those clients tend not to be members of the Exchange. They pay a higher rate. So outside the U.S., it's about 37% higher RPC than within the U.S., which – and also when you heard Derek, penetrating outside the U.S. in the Energy space, Energy tends to be one of our higher RPC products. So it's really – it's an important growth area for us, both from a rate per contract, but also from a volume perspective. I'll turn it over to Bryan to comment on the clients overseas.
John W. Pietrowicz: I'll say there, just jumping in, specifically on the Energy side, with Brent particularly we actually rolled back some of the incentives in January, so that's going to help the RPC a little bit. We're continuing to grow the business, about 140,000 ADV, maintaining about 12% market share and most pleasingly, we're actually seeing an increased market share of the Brent CI spread that are traded as a listed spread. We're up to about 40% of that market and on bigger days we're closer to 50%. So RPC help and we're getting into a more diversified client base by adding more Brent participation on the commercial side.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yes – sorry, Kyle, this is John. We generally have increased prices every two years. And the last time we did it was two years ago.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure, this is John. In terms of the JV, we are very pleased with our investment in the – in our joint venture with McGraw-Hill. And the general drivers for the business are assets under management, as well as license fees generated from exchanges that utilize their trademark and IP. So, it would be primarily CME and the CBOE. And, so we end up profiting from activity both from the move from active to passive investing, which is a megatrend in the investing space, as well as trading activity on both from futures and options, as well. So, we think – we were very bullish on that business. It has characteristics very similar to ours, a lot of leverage in their model. And, I think we're very optimistic in terms of the trends in investing and, the position that the JV has globally.
Bryan T. Durkin: Yeah, I think this demonstrates our very targeted campaign approach to selling and it's delivering results across all of our asset classes. We have seen an 81% increase in activity out of the Energy complex, the main drivers have been from Asia and some of the emerging EMEA markets and in particularly, we've seen some nice new business coming from new commercial clients. We've generated about, I think, 88 or close to 90-something commercial clients globally, and a third of that is coming out of international. So you're going to see more and more efforts in that regard in terms of our targeted approach to these clients. We've been also very heavily intensifying our efforts in our cross-selling. You've heard me talk about that in the past, and we generated new business from new firms, as a result, I think about 500 new firms and that's broken down to 121 asset managers, 88 new commercial clients, and about 300-plus hedge funds. Again, a third of that is coming out of international.
Bryan T. Durkin: I just feel that we've done a very good job in terms of stabilizing any reduction in the terminals and you can see that over the course of the past year-and-a-half since we put in the elimination of this waiver. We've seen consistent activity and I would say some additional take-up from those at the full rate. And in terms of those that were grandfathered, we've also seen consistent usage from that group, and we're monitoring it closely as John indicated but we're pretty confident that we went through the main consolidation since we eliminated that fee waiver. And we're really focused now on delivering new products and augmenting the data business that we have today.
Bryan T. Durkin: So this is Bryan. I'm going to break it down into three categories. One of the benefits of having the broad swath of Interest Rate products that we represent, we're able to reach the client base, particularly within London. We've brought in some new business, particularly in the shorter end of our yield curve that we just haven't tapped before and that's a strong testament to the product complex that we represent. Also, I think I alluded to earlier our intensified efforts on cross-selling. So, from existing clients, what that means is going in, working with them through strong rigorous marketing and education programs and helping existing users understand how we can complement their business, for example, with Metals, having them come in and do some activity into our Foreign Currency products to hedge their foreign currency risk. That has been very successful. So, to be able to back that up, new business from existing customers, what we have seen – existing customers now trading over, I think, it's 1,700 new products that they hadn't tried before. So, it's new business from existing customers, and then it's also new business from new customers, which I outlined – new business from new customers which I outlined earlier. Again, it's a combination of targeted sales, bringing together our marketing, our strategy and our business line units together to go out there and call that new business.
Bryan T. Durkin: This is Bryan again. I mean, if you look across the client segments, we actually for the past year, year-on-year, saw anywhere from single digit and I would say single-digit from the proprietary segment to double-digit growth, double-digit covering our hedge fund asset management community, as well as our retail. One of the things that we really haven't emphasized here is our very strong targeted focus on building up our retail client base. I think this year alone we opened up close to 50,000 additional accounts in that arena. Again, the targeted sales approach across all of these asset classes, bringing together Derek and Sean's team, has enabled us to – to penetrate those markets. An interesting one, particularly in the commercial and corporate side of things, seeing about a 8%- close to 10% year on year growth, that's a real positive for us in the context of our overall Interest Rate business
