Phupinder S. Gill: Ms. Miller, this is Gill. I'll start and then I'll ask the Chairman to add some points here. But I think with respect to the open access provision in MiFID II it's not clear to us, yet as to what exactly it means. But there's a clause there that addresses companies such as ourselves to the extent I think that we don't ask for open access, then open access rules would not apply to companies such as ours. Within the Europeans here itself, I think the open access rules themselves have not been very clear so we're waiting for some clarity there. And I ask the Chairman to give.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I'll start and then I'll ask Bryan to add. We had a record January for cleared trades and our open interest has also increased compared to December, it's been up 30% -- 37% or so. So in terms of the open interest share itself, we are looking -- we are looking quite good and we're quite pleased with what we have. Something for you to keep in mind is that there's a huge amount of the so-called overnight index swaps, the OIS swaps that are being traded and cleared at [indiscernible] and it makes up about 60% or 65% of the trades that they have. So that's why you're seeing CME having a commanding open interest share. And if you look at the trade counts themselves, those have not changed. So in terms of the number of trade they're pretty consistent in what we are seeing. And in fact CME has about 51% of the trade -- that trade count.
Phupinder S. Gill: Kyle, this has been very consistent with what we have said right from the start that the OTC clearing activity that we engage in it's all about the core and is actually very complementary, as Bryan points out to the core. So when you look at the numbers to Brian's point, look at them holistically and include what you're seeing in the Eurodollar scene too, which has seen a tremendous pickup in the activity.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill, I'll start and I'll ask Bryan to add. I think the -- if you look at the indicators over the last 4 years or so, the front end of the Eurodollar, for example, saw a sharp decline in volume and any kind of activity and that led to us doing some development work across other parts of the curve that made up some of that loss. What we have been seeing, particularly over the last 2.5 or 3 months, is a pickup, a significant pickup in activity in those front 8 months and a corresponding pickup in activity. So in the back months and the Treasury futures and options are also reflective of more activity. So it could be that they ask now definitive expectations as to when Fed easing will end the uncertainty as to whether it'll end or not, it is bringing a lot of folks into the marketplace in order to actually hedge. And that's reflected on the expanded activity that you're seeing. Parts of the curve that for the last 4 years has been -- have seen a decline in all volume. In terms of participations, open interest holder activity also has gone up. So that's indicating to us that many participants are coming back in the market, particularly over the last 3 months or so.
Phupinder S. Gill: And with all the things that are going on in terms of compliance with both the rule changes that are occurring here, and in Europe and elsewhere. I think to the extent that the focus for some firms are not there, it's a matter of prioritization. And we do know that, at this point in time many of the firms and their customers are focusing on the Fed issue. And those folks that have their members not ready to do cross-margining have found their way into the deliverable swap futures complex for us. So basically, that is as Bryan points out, a lot of enthusiasm and there have been 7 firms that have signed up, I think the last quarter, when we spoke that number was only 2 or 3 firms. So we have seen growth.
Phupinder S. Gill: Too early to tell at this time now in terms of what trends to expect. But I think as Terry points out, if you look at the next 7 months, it will be instructive as to who would be participating. And also on our slide, if you look at Slide 10, the last open interest holders for deliverable swap futures has continually gone up. It'd be gather that number's slightly above 20 and now it is at 50 and change.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill, and I'll start here. I think our focus has been largely to see which parts of the law might encroach on the core business of the firm. And on that front, we're quite pleased with what we are seeing there. There are several compliance-related issues that our entities in Europe have to basically make sure that they're in compliance with those rules. With respect to the partnership opportunity, as you know, it's been the preferred model for CME, with very small exceptions to partner with entities around the world. And so we view Europe no differently than we view any other part of the world. With that complete understanding that the client base is very mature there, they understand the products such as the client base that is here. And to the extent that there are partnership opportunities that present themselves, we would almost always look at them. So at this time, our focus is very decidedly on what the MiFID laws are saying in the implications for the businesses that we have here. And at first glance, it looks pretty much business as usual with multiple exceptions as to how it's being conducted in Europe on a going forward basis. So the next 2.5 years would be instructive as to how we position ourselves.
Phupinder S. Gill: Okay. You asked quite a few questions. No, that's just fine. I'll start with the one that I remember, but this is the last part of your questions about how confident we are. Our focus in the first instance is to make sure that European clients will be able to continue to access U.S. markets in the same way and in the same fashion that they currently are doing so. So on that front, there is some work that's being done between the regulators here and the regulators over there. On the second piece is the open access issue that was addressed a short while ago. In terms of the launch of the exchange, we have no update at this point. We still continue to work with Bank of England and other authorities to make sure that they are comfortable with the process and procedures that we have. And that should be resolved soon.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I think the jury is still out there. I think they are -- there's a committee that's been headed by the Dr. Duffy [ph] from Stanford, and he is looking at the alternatives and their scheduled to release a report quite soon here. I think as you may have well read, there has been 2 schools of camp, one was basically to fix the indexes as they stand and make sure they are not easily manipulatable. And the other hand if the one that says get rid of them and start fresh. And so I think the work that this committee is doing will be instructed with respect to the direction that they are going to go to. But in any case, I think what CME Group is focused on is basically growing the comp -- the complex as we see it both in the short end, as well as the long end. And on the short end, where the index, the LIBOR index is being used for the Eurodollars, we are and we have been and continue to look at alternatives that make sense for our client base and also reflect the operating reality in which these products can be used. And so whether they're based on a survey of actual transactions or whether they are based on any other criteria, whatever the outcome, CME Group will support them in helping our clients grow their businesses.
Phupinder S. Gill: I think in terms of fees, this was a large-scale, across-the-board fee increase for us. But in terms of the tweaks that we can perform on the various contracts that we have, we will always look at the volumes and the trends. And if it make sense for us to adjust tiers, we can do that in very quick order.
Phupinder S. Gill: Just to finish Bryan's point, in terms of the trends that you asked about, if you look at the earnings call slides and you will see the trends there along the exactly the same lines of what Bryan is referring to there, increasing trends in terms of large open interest holders across some of the key asset classes. They are returning to 2006, 2007 levels, which is very encouraging for us.
Phupinder S. Gill: Okay, with that, thank you all very much. And we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes, just to add to what Gill said, it's Terry Duffy. The rule that they put forth a couple of weeks ago under MiFID II, won't take place until 2016. The reason why they did that is because there is a lot of unclear issues yet to be resolved as far as how they're going to have open access in Europe. But it will not apply to a U.S. DCO or DCM at once, unless they want to have open access against that particular entity in Europe. As far as a bleeding over into the United States, which I think was the second part of your question, as you recall in 2010 when Dodd-Frank was passed, there was a provision in Dodd-Frank that said no clearinghouse should be compelled to take the counterparty risk of another clearinghouse, which basically means no open access in the United States. And I think that's very compelling that's part of what our Congress voted in a very big piece of legislation and I don't see that ever being attacked. There's other parts of Dodd-Frank that I think people are trying to work within or under the rules, but the law in and of itself has been passed the implemented going forward and now we're just seeing things come out in Europe. But I don't see that coming into the U.S., obviously would -- it would take an act of Congress to change it.
Terrence A. Duffy: Can I just add to that a little bit, Gill? Just giving you a little -- this is Terry Duffy. When you look at what's going on in the interest rate market, with the tapering of $10 billion going on a month, we still have another $70 billion a month to get out of the $85 billion a month of tapering, before we even get the rate movement at all. So I actually believe there's a tremendous amount of participants that are still on the side lines they're waiting to see the program -- acuity program completely end. And then we'll see some fluctuation in rates and then we'll see some proprietary trading shops that maybe have not been in there. And not the pure hedges, but a lot of high turnover guys. So I still think there's a lot of participants on the sidelines.
Terrence A. Duffy: And Gill, maybe there was one other thing we can mention, as we're talking about OTC, the mandate for the trading of swaps will be kicking in around September 15. I don't know if we touched much on that and what that could potentially do to our core business, whether it's futurization or adding basis type trading with our swaps and futures coming together. And that is something that I think we all need to keep a very close watch on how that's going to materialize starting in the middle of February and going forward over the next several months.
Terrence A. Duffy: And Gill, if I could just add to that. I think what's important to note here is, when we first decided to list the clearinghouse in Europe and to register for an exchange in Europe, MiFID II was not out and no one even thought of any proposal on open access. So our business plan wasn't going to be based around if in fact we could take advantage of an open access throughout the European communities. Actually we opposed that type of language in Europe because we believe in a vertical silo as we do here in the U.S. That being said, I think that we have great opportunities as a start up in Europe to continue to build our business and what we have to do is have a value add. I think as Gill clearly pointed out, the incumbents are going to have a distinct advantage for their products it's no different than we all do today in the vertical models. But at the same time, we'll be in the new business in London and we're doing it for the reasons for value add not because of a law that we think could help make the business more accessible.
Bryan T. Durkin: Rich, it's Bryan. A couple of things, with respect to the SEF mandate, while it's starting in February, there's still a lot of confusion on the part of the client base. We're working very closely with all of them to help effectuate and make sure that they're able to comply with the trading requirements. We've really been gearing up in terms of supporting the clearing services and ability to provide portfolio management. But we also see already somewhat of an uptick in the context of the core business, particularly as it pertains to our Eurodollar and interest rate complex. And we're seeing that phenomena grow particularly as it pertains to the asset management community, as well as within the hedge funds. And that can be translated as you see a nice uptick in our rate per contract within the interest rate quadrants.
Bryan T. Durkin: And I think our approach has been a very solid one in the context of the client base that we have brought in to the circle. Representing, we're 91 coming -- I mean we're #1 in terms of our global interest rate client open interest representing 52% of that market share. And those clients are continuing to increase their usage, both on the OTC clearing side of the equation, expanding their usage as we've increased the number of currencies that we support. That number has now increased to 18 and we're seeing a nice pickup in the non-U.S. denominated currencies as well which speaks well for the level of open interest that we represent for these long duration clients. We also have seen a pickup in the high turnover clients. Their activity towards the end of the year increased as well. I think you have to keep in prospective, as we said last quarter, our focus is in driving overall growth between our core, as well as our OTC clearing services. And combine the revenue overall growth was approximately 35%. So we're very pleased with that holistic picture of leveraging our core, as well as the expansion of our OTC clearing services.
Bryan T. Durkin: It's Bryan, and yes, I think that the focus and the emphasis that we put in place on bringing in some of the commercial interest is definitely showing itself more so across the sector, within our crude product line, within our efforts on building up the brand contract, as well as our natural gas business. So if you take a look at the overall comparison of how we're tracking volume quarter-on-quarter versus open interest, we're seeing some very nice pickup. We have stabilized the rate per contract. We have been able to see some great I think acceleration pickup in the natural gas contracts in particular. We're also seeing some strong uptick in participation in our overall options. We just recently introduced our natural gas basis contract. And we're very pleased with the initial interest and pickup there. We have 17 companies already that have cleared natural gas basis. And that's particularly referencing back to my earlier comment on commercial interest. Six of the top 25 natural gas basis customers have executed with us. We have some strong market maker participation. We're very excited about the introduction of that contract as it complements our overall natural gas business.
Bryan T. Durkin: Well, we're actually quite excited about the uptick in the firms that are availing themselves to the cross-margining efficiencies. We have over 7 clearing members now that are live with portfolio margining and several more in the testing phases. And again, I think you have to really focus on the level of global market participation that we have within our complex for OTC clearing. We're very pleased to see that number growing. We have over 420 global market participants. And our focus and emphasis is continuing to grow that user base on the client side of the business in particular and we're the beneficiary of bringing new business into that core.
Bryan T. Durkin: I think you would just note the success that we've had in our innovation and development of new products being responsive to changing dynamics in the marketplace itself. We're very proud of what we've done with the Deliverable Swap Futures, the Ultra Bonds, the Mid-Curve options, the E-micro FX the weeklies and the FX, as well as in the interest rates. And so we're drawing about 7% of our listed interest rate volume now coming from the development of new products and new product innovation.
Bryan T. Durkin: And then I would just touch on again, taking a look at the distribution of users and these products, we're seeing again a very nice uptick in participation across the asset management community, the hedge funds in the corporate, which are typically the higher-paying clients. And to reinforce what I'm saying, if you take a look at asset managers, usage of Eurodollar futures has increased significantly in the first half of the year, the asset management community represented about a million contracts of open interest, which was roughly 12% of our open interest, in line with the timing of the last Dodd-Frank clearing mandate. These holdings have increased substantially in the fourth quarter of this year to over 2.8 million contracts, which represents over 21% of the Eurodollar open interest. So again, reinforcing the increase to the utilization of the futures product from this client base.
James E. Parisi: Yes, Chris, this is Jamie. Yes, the guidance from last quarter was if screen count stayed consistent with where we ended -- where we were in last quarter going forward and you apply the new rate, that would be an extra $50 million or so of revenue. We have seen some continued pressure on the terminal count in the fourth quarter as we continue to see banks downsizing and some of the legacy incentives still were in place in the fourth quarter so that waiver where people were taking advantage of that waiver for trading terminals. Though the teams obviously here have analyzed different alternatives to reinvigorate the revenue, this revenue source. And as we mentioned, they've made these changes to the waiver policy, that I think going forward will help mitigate some of that terminal decline that we've seen from people migrating from paying terminals to waive terminals and then ultimately us collecting some fee on those waive terminals in 2015.
James E. Parisi: It's too difficult to say at this point because you don't know how people are going to react whether they're going to consolidate terminals and whatnot. So we're going to leave that out for now, but I do think it's -- it'll be somewhat meaningful.
James E. Parisi: Sure. So the $16 million I referenced in terms of our spend on the cyber incident came through professional fees. And that was roughly half in Q3 and half in Q4. I recall about $8 million in Q4 from that in professional fees. And then deferred comp was about $3 million of expense in Q4 as well. And then on other expense, don't forget we tend to be heavier weighted on marketing expense towards the end of the year because of the events, and whatnot that we hold in the fourth quarter, and a lot of the advertising tends to be weighted in the backend, so that's why you saw a little bit heavier spend there as well.
James E. Parisi: Yes, on the minimum cash, we're still targeting $700 million minimum. Do note though over the last few years, every time we've paid that annual variable dividend, we brought the cash down to about $900 million, losing a little bit of a cushion there above our minimum. So just to keep that in mind as well. But the minimum that we're looking at is the $700 million.
James E. Parisi: Sure. Just in terms of the expense guidance itself, our best estimate at this point is $1.310 billion. That's where we're going to strive towards for the year. So we thought we would give you the number that we're working towards. And in terms of giving you any volume guidance, I appreciate your desire to get that from us. But as usual, we're not going to provide any of that volume guidance to you on those particular product lines or any product line. But when I look at the guidance and you look at the increase versus 2013, I'd say the lion's share of the increase is really tied to staffing with the annual merit and promotion adjustments, obviously, being a component of that, as well as new hires in support of growth and regulatory areas kind of driving the other part of the increase in that line. In order of absolute dollar magnitude, I'd say the next area of growth in the expense when you look at the different line items, will be in the occupancy line as a result of the fact that we're now leasing the NYMEX building, with offsets to that expense in depreciation and amortization because we no longer own the building. We should also see as we said, some growth in the licensing and fee sharing. And then driven also by the full year impact of the OTC revenue share that comes through that line. And then, we'll see now -- we'll continue to see likely increases in professional fees, as we continue to invest in growth opportunities. And then when we look at technology support line, we should see some increase there in the coming years, as we look to reconfigure our backup data center footprint. But think that's kind of a laundry list of some of the things that were driving that expense guidance for next year.
James E. Parisi: So there were actually as part of the fee changes, there were some tier adjustments across various products. That's [indiscernible]. I don't know if there's any more to comment there.
James E. Parisi: Rich, this is Jamie. It was not in the original guidance for Q4. This is kind of a little bit of a new ground in terms of the spend, so didn't have that in the guidance. As far as 2014 goes, whatever we need to spend on security of our systems and soundness of our systems is embedded in the $1.31 billion that we -- that I noted earlier.
James E. Parisi: You know, Rich, it's hard to say. But I would -- I think a lot of them are already clearing with us. And if anything, they're looking for ways potentially to migrate to futures. So that may weigh on that percentage going forward on the -- as far as the OTC business goes, but obviously benefit the core.
James E. Parisi: In terms of the building and other, we saw lower compliance fines was part of that. Also the lower lease revenues from New York from the sale of the building was part of it. And then we also saw lower process servicing fees because of some year-end true-ups with some of our partners. So it was a mix of things. So in terms of a run rate, hard to give you a sense off of that. But I think that when we look at where we have been, you look probably at an average of this year, you're probably not too far off, and then adjust a little bit for the building revenues.
James E. Parisi: Well, you had a -- it was up -- it -- really driven by growth spent on growth initiatives, including international OTC, energy market distribution. And so that was what was really driving that on the professional fees side.
James E. Parisi: I'll highlight, I'll touch on your question on the rates and maybe ask Bryan to comment on the second part. But on the rates, there's not too much more to add there, really in terms of the fee increases that we're putting in, there will be -- if you look at the larger impacts are likely on the commodity side, particularly in ags, with some of the lower -- the lowest impacts likely on the equity side. So it's kind of the way to think about where they are coming through and then the rest are kind of in the middle. And there's no real changes on the Eurodollar side.
