Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks, John. Welcome, everyone. And thank you for participating today. Before going into the details of our performance, I want to start out with a few comments, then I look forward to spending time focused on your questions. As most of you know, I have been heavily involved in leading our growth strategy since we decided to go public in 2002. I had the good fortune to lead the IPO and roadshow, and have been involved ever since. In 2007 and 2008, I oversaw the acquisition of the Chicago Board of Trade and the New York Mercantile Exchange. These two transactions were a cornerstone of our growth strategies. They have led to the tremendous product diversity and deep liquidity that we provide our customers around the world today. One of the things we're always focused on is meeting our clients ever-changing needs. This requires continued innovation and the development of new capital-efficient solutions. One example of the benefits that our clients receive is having interest rate swaps and interest rate futures in a single clearinghouse. This has allowed for billions of dollars in margin savings for our clients. In addition, we are committed to reducing our day-to-day operating cost. This frees up dollars to spend on our growth initiatives. The bottom line, as a company, we are well positioned to help our customers navigate today's unpredictable global environment and, in turn, deliver value to you, our shareholders. Before I turn things over to John, I want to make a couple of comments about today's results. Fourth quarter volume averaged more than 16 million contracts per day, up 24%. That included quarterly ADB records in interest rates, energy products and metals. As you know, we closely track our volume globally. For example, in the fourth quarter, trading volume rose more than 50% during both European and Asian trading hours. At the same time, volume during U.S. trading hours jumped 23%. In terms of the full year, we reached record levels of volume, averaging 15.6 million contracts per day. This was up 12% compared with 2015. Our global growth was also impressive. Volumes from Europe and Asia were up 16% and 15%, respectively. Also, we continue to expand our options franchise. In 2016, we had record annual average daily volume of 3.1 million contracts, or an increase of 14%. Total revenue for the year rose by $268 million. At the same time, expenses excluding license fees remained relatively flat. This drove double-digit earnings growth. Looking ahead, I'm more optimistic than ever about all the work we've done to position the company for continued success. We believe the need for risk management will remain strong, especially as unprecedented political changes continue to unfold throughout the world. It was very impressive to see our open interest in December exceed 122 million contracts. This reflects the continued growth of our customer base throughout the world. As I said earlier, we also will continue to work closely with our customers to drive valuable product innovation. Innovation is the lifeblood of every institution and I see it no differently. I'm encouraged by the good start we have seen so far in 2017. I want to commend my team for their hard work as we continue to manage and grow our business. I look forward to taking your questions in just a few minutes. But for now, I will turn it over to John to discuss 2016 and our plans for this year. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy: And then, Rich, just on the energy also, I didn't touch on that, but I will because it's a big part of our asset classes. And if Derek wants to jump in, that's fine. But on the regulatory side of things, one of the things that we were seeing out of the past administration was position limits coming down and we didn't know what that was going to look like. I think now, that's not off the table, but I would think that any kind of position limits that are going to come out of the new administration will be at a point we're making sure business can grow, commercials can grow and other participants will be able to grow. So I think that's also a net positive for our energy complex. And I don't know if you want to touch on that, Derek, or you want to wait until there's other questions about the product itself.
Terrence A. Duffy: Brian, I'll touch a little bit on the volatility. But as you know, it's very difficult to predict, and volatility is just one of the components that people use our markets for to manage risk. There's a whole host of issues why the markets go up and down, obviously. But when I look at what's coming at us in 2017 which could create some volatility, I always like to look at prices of certain asset classes. So I'm looking at the equity markets, which are obviously on historic highs, so something could give either way. So if, in fact, the administration does get the corporate tax cut it has been proposing, then maybe the market could potentially look cheap because of what that could mean for corporations to their bottom line. And, if not, maybe it looks a little lumpy. So that could create some volatility. When you look at our other complexes, the energy complex is also interesting because of the potential conversation around putting a tariff on imported products, what that could mean for the price of energy, and Derek can touch on it as well. But that also could create some volatility between the TI and Brent spreads that could be quite interesting for the energy complex. I also think what's interesting for 2017 is something we saw here in our own country this year, which is some of the European elections that we're going to see in 2017. As you know, we get a tremendous amount of revenue coming out of Europe. And that is something that, with the elections coming up I believe in Germany and France this year both, it could be another volatile situation. I'm not saying it's going to be the same as when President Trump was elected, but that's something that we could look at. So I think geopolitical volatility could be definitely in the mix and that'll also affect our foreign exchange complex as well once you get that volatility moving. So, Derek, if you want to add to the energy component, but that's where I see the volatility.
Terrence A. Duffy: I think just just to add to that. And I would see Sean as the expert, but when I look at some of the growth that we're seeing in this country, if you ever got some inflation because of the policies either set by administration or other folks that got a little bit over their skis on the buying power that they have the ability to do today, you could almost see the Fed getting over-reactive at the same point. So we haven't talked a lot about inflation over the last couple of years because it just hasn't happened with the price of energy going down to $26 a barrel. But now that we see some of those changes, the inflation number might spark the Fed a little bit. I don't know, but that's one of the things I'm looking at.
Terrence A. Duffy: I'll start on that and I'll let John make a comment and if Bryan wants to comment as well what he's seeing. On the cross-border M&A, it's very difficult to predict what's going to go on. I think when we're looking at the LSE/DB transaction, everybody's focused on that at the moment. So I don't know how the environment is going to be for M&A. But I will say that if there's opportunities, obviously we're going to be looking at things if they make sense for our shareholders. If they're not, then we just won't be pursuing them. So I'm not certain that the new administration or the folks in Europe are going to change the equation as far as where it's at today as far as M&A activity goes being improved or not improved. And I'm not sure if I'm answering your question correctly, Dan, if you're looking for probabilities about M&A, or if you're looking for opportunities in M&A. So I took your question as probabilities.
Terrence A. Duffy: Yeah, I'm not going to comment on that because we're always analyzing our investments that we have, whether in London or other places. So we'll continue to analyze that. There's been no decisions made either way on some of these investments in Europe. But as far as M&A goes, I'm not looking at it any different than what John said earlier, I believe to Chris or to Dan, and that is we're going to look for things that make sense for us. And if we can get to that point, I'm going to be very supportive of it. I'm not a big fan of one-off smaller-type acquisitions that are in the pipeline that people believe that anything could add value. I think that you have to really – you can't throw everything against the wall and expect it to work. So we're going to very focused and targeted on what we think can add value to our clients. And that's where we're going with this. And sometimes I'm a little bit more direct than my predecessors, but I'm going to be more direct because I think it's important for you and for our shareholders to hear that from me.
Terrence A. Duffy: John will comment and then I will, too. But I will say that dice rolling is not in our business plan.
Terrence A. Duffy: So, Dan, just to comment of the dice throwing comment, which I couldn't help myself but to say that.
Terrence A. Duffy: Well, here, let me say it this way and differently. So one of the things that we have done and we're continuing to do is to put a discipline in place so we can continually be in the good position that you just outlined a moment ago when times are good. And then times can always change, you don't know what's going to happen. But opportunity that I've always seen in my career happens when times are uncertain. So when you look at what's going on throughout the European community, and I'll use that as an example, don't think we're going that way, but this is an example. With Brexit, that could be two to three years before there's any clarity on what's going to happen over there. So in my mind that creates uncertainty which creates opportunity. But you cannot take advantage of the opportunity if you're not being disciplined with the way you're handling your business today. So, yes, we can look at different things going forward, new products, new opportunities and maybe take a, we'll use your phrase, roll a dice or two. But it will be very calculated and it will be in a position of strength, not a position of weakness, no matter what the market conditions are.
Terrence A. Duffy: I want to thank everyone for participating this morning. I know many of you I've had the opportunity to spend some time with. For those of you I have not, I look forward to it. And again I thank you very much. And have a wonderful day.
Derek L. Sammann: Yeah. I'll very quickly follow up on the participation side. Yeah, I think when you look at what happened over the last four years or so, Rich, you saw a lot of the banks step out of the physical commodities markets, mostly in fact on the energy side. Now we've filled that void. You see that we've focused on bringing commercial customers in over the last two and a half years, and we're delivering not only record open interest, but record levels of large open interest holders. So the point that Terry made, if there is a means by which the banks can reenter the principal business in the physical commodities market, their coming back into a market that's much more diversified and broader already. So we think that would be nothing but upside to the business.
Derek L. Sammann: Yeah, I think that's right. I think our early read of what that border tax might look like is it'd certainly be a boost to domestic production in the U.S., meaning that's a WTI oversupply story. So that's what our customers have been using our products for over the last two and a half years showing outperformance. So one indicator of where we see people starting to take positions is we've got options on the Brent WTI spread. And we've seen that product kind of languish in the sub 100 to 500 a day contract volume. We're up to 5% contracts (21:38) a day. So to Terry's point, we're out in front of customer needs, providing solutions for them. As these evolve, we see this basically being a boost to WTI and this is where people hedge their energy risk through TI.
Derek L. Sammann: Yeah, this is Derek. Actually that's a good growth story. It's a market where it's really split between what that East versus West (51:46) benchmark looks like. We've got Omani Sour Crude listed on DME. We're a majority owner of that. That is a business that's acquired about 35% market share of that market. It's about a 20,000 contract a day business. That's a business that's breakeven for us, so we're very pleased with the growth there. In fact, we just hit in January on DME all-time open interest record and delivery record. It's a physical contract, which is what the market asked us to deliver out there. So we're very pleased with the growth. And we're seeing increased uptake in the product, primarily from commercial, which has been our focal point out there. So we're seeing that in world which is both globalizing and regionalizing an opportunity to provide a physical product in market in businesses that are breakeven for us we think are opportunities to build clients and extend our product footprint.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure. Thanks, Mike. Yeah, in terms of the market data, after we've done an in-depth review of our strategy, we believe we have a plan that through investing in derived data sales, additional services, including our cloud-based services, and a more robust audit function, that we can deliver 5% to 6% annual growth in this business. And 5% to 6% for 2017 will be obviously ramped towards the back end of the year. So that's 5% to 6% annually over the next few years. With regard to the cash, we had about $1.1 billion in annual variable dividend. That left us about – when you look at the end of the year balance sheet, left is about $850 million in cash on hand, which is slightly higher than the $700 million that we had targeted, but we had a very tremendous fourth quarter. In terms of BVM&F, we did complete the sale of our stake in BVM&F. That netted us in the month of January about $240 million in cash.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure. Brian. I'll touch on the expense side. We have done a tremendous job across the whole organization. The entire team is focused on really driving our business as efficiently as we possibly can. So our guidance is 1% excluding license fees. License fees tend to be tied to equity trading volume. That's the biggest impact driving license fees. It tends to – so when you look at the ratio of license fees to our equity volumes, that's probably a good mechanic to use going forward in terms of your assumptions around volumes in our equity complex. If we tend to have a really tremendous year this year, the area that would flex the most, excluding license fees, would be obviously the bonus. The bonus would go higher relative to our performance. We would attempt to offset that through other mechanisms if it was necessary. In fact, when you look at Q4, you can see that our bonus was higher as a result of the activity. And we still met our guidance for the quarter.
John W. Pietrowicz: Hi, Kyle. This is John. Thanks for the question. It's still early in the process to understand the full impact, but based on the plans that have been discussed, we believe we'll be able to keep about 80% to 90% of any tax rate reductions. When we look at the net income that will drop to the bottom line, that goes into our cash pool that we can either use for further investment in the business or for our dividend. So it becomes part of the conversation as we look at our overall capital structure and investment policy. So it's available. We haven't specified where we would utilize that. But our view on our capital structure won't change relative to that.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yeah, I think just to be clear. I think we look at M&A, our view is always, are we going to be able to create long-term shareholder value and how does it fit with our strategy. So we pay attention to the marketplace and are constantly looking at opportunities. And when we see something that is long-term value enhancing, we'll act on it. I think Terry's right. I think the environment is challenging cross-border, but we are always investigating and looking at opportunities.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yeah, sure. This is John. I'd be happy to take that. When you look at the change in the accounting rules around equity grants, for us, it represents a two-tenths to three-tenths of a percent impact to our effective tax rate. And that's been included in our guidance. Now, as you know, that this rule change, the impact on the taxes relative to the rule change is a function of the aggregate cost of the equity grants relative to our total income. So our equity grant expense is a smaller proportion of our income than some of our peers. So the impact to us is less than others because of the size of our income relative to our equity grant expense. Now, just to be clear, this is a non-cash item. So from a cash flow perspective, it has minimal impact. So just keep that in mind as you're looking at the impacts.
John W. Pietrowicz: Hi, Chris. This is John. Relative to market data, no, we have not announced any pricing actions for 2017.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yeah, what we're really focused on in addition to our real-time data offering is investing in derived data sales, offering additional services, including our cloud-based services, for our customers so they can get more types of data easily more accessible and building out a robust auto function. Bryan can comment. It's his area.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yeah, the software sale is an unusually large item. So we wanted to highlight it for you. It was approximately $5 million.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure. Thanks, Rob. The entire team here has I think done a fantastic job of really looking at our infrastructure, making sure that we're spending every dollar as effectively as we possibly can. And this includes a lot of benefits for our customers, in fact. When we reduced management layers, it made us more agile, made us more responsive. We've got staff overseas so we can also be able to handle client business better 24 hours a day and develop all the liquidity that we have on our systems 24 hours a day and service those customers 24 hours a day. So some of the actions we've taken, although have been cost-effective, but they've also been customer-effective. Now going forward into this year, a lot of the work that we've done in 2016 is carrying over into 2017. So things like, we'll continue to sublet excess office space. We're closing the trading floor in New York this month. We have done that. And then we'll continue to benefit from the technology work we've done in terms of utilizing more Software-as-a-Service. As well as we've consolidated our data center and are working with our partner at CyrusOne, which is making us more effective in terms of costs relative to our data center usage. So I think when you look past 2017, excluding license fees, I would say that a low-single digit expense growth is what I would see going past 2017.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yeah. Thanks, Alex. We've been really focused on driving as much income as we can. In fact, when you look at that other income and expense area, from 2014 it's gone from an expense of $400,000 to $31 million in 2016 for the full year. So it is something that is very meaningful. When you look at the components that are in there, one is our S&P Dow Jones joint venture. And for the quarter it was about $28 million. And this has had a CAGR of about 13% since 2013. We've got our interest expense. And then we've got investment income. And we look at the investment income, you can think of it in kind of four components. The first is the investment we do on behalf of our clients. And that's generated about $21.1 million in income for the quarter. And then a couple lines down, you can see that we rebate a large portion of that back to our clients. And that's on the other expense line. And that was about $12.7 million. So that gives us a net of $8.4 million for the quarter, up from last quarter of $7.3 million. Then we invest our corporate cash and we've got other investment gains. And that was about $2.8 million for the quarter. And the last component is the dividend income that we received from BVM&F this quarter. And that was $3.7 million. Obviously since we sold off our stake, we're not going to have that going forward. So with regard to the Fed, yes, the Fed was available for house accounts. It was open and operating in the fourth quarter. We had average daily balances of about $2.3 billion for the quarter and that was about $6.5 billion at year end. We capture about 15 basis points net for house funds that are put up at the Fed. Our house participants receive about 60 basis points. Now, the non-house customers currently don't have Fed access, although we are working with the Fed to attempt to make that happen. So going forward, until we have some clarity around access for the non-house accounts, we've been in approximately the $7 million to $10 million range for that investment income.
John W. Pietrowicz: Thank you, Terry. Yes. I think when we look at our spend, we are very disciplined with how we approach expenses. But our focus really has been to optimize our infrastructure so we can free up dollars to spend on growth initiatives. So when you take a look at what we've done over the last several years, we have had an unprecedented number of new product offerings that are meaningful and additive to our bottom line. So you look at things like our Ultra 10-Year, you look at things like the weekly equity options. Those are meaningful products that we've launched that are helping to drive our bottom line. And that all has been done through being able to optimize our infrastructure, free up the dollars so we can do this kind of launches. Repo is another example of something that we've been investing in for the last couple of years towards new products. Now, that all said, we'll not forego spending if we believe we have an opportunity in front of us. So there's not a point where we say we're not going to do something when we think there's going to be an opportunity ahead of us. So a couple examples, and maybe Sean could comment on it. On the OTC side of the business, we've had several really important launches that are unique to us that we've been able to launch that have been additive.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yeah, and I think just the final point on it, and Terry mentioned at the start. We're very customer-oriented, very customer-focused. So a lot of the new product come from dealing closer with our customers, which allows us to be very responsive, allows us to make change right away as we hear new products or services that they want. And it also allows us to be in a position of strength when we offer the products. We don't have to do a lot of incenting because it's something that they want, it's something that they value. So it drives our revenue for the bottom line right away because it's value add for them and value add for us.
Bryan T. Durkin: Just one more point, Chris, is we're being far more targeted and focused in how we go about segmenting our customers and our consumers of data. We're able to do so with greater level of granularity and we really view that that opens up opportunities for us to drive more business and revenues in that regard.
Bryan T. Durkin: Thanks, Terry. We're also seeing excellent growth coming out of the international time zones. So to put it in perspective, about 50% of our retail activity's coming out of the U.S., greater than 30% now is coming out of international. And within those product scopes that Terry outlined, we just see it as a tremendous opportunity to further penetrate those regions with the diversity of the products. And also what's interesting is options. You're seeing a really nice uptake with options. In the past, it would be one in every 15 trades would be done by a retail participant in options. And now they're becoming more and more sophisticated, a lot of it through our educational efforts and partnering with our channel partners. It's about one in five now.
Bryan T. Durkin: We see a stable trajectory with the core business. A number of these things are going to be implemented over the course of the next couple of quarters. So we'll be able to say more at the next one.
