Terrence Duffy: Thanks, John. I want to thank you all for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in CME Group. We made great progress during Q3 broad-based volume growth coupled with expense discipline drove double-digit net adjusted EPS growth. We also have several new initiatives in the works. We know many of you are incredibly busy during the earnings season and also often are juggling multiple calls. We are coming up on our 15th anniversary of becoming a public company and we decided to assess our earnings delivery process. We decided to create a quarterly highlight document that we made available 90 minutes ago with the press release. This will replace the normal scripted remarks. Hopefully you had a chance to look at it. One of the notable financial metrics I would like to mention is when comparing year-to-date this year versus 2014, our revenue was up $473 million, our total expenses remained flat, and non-operating income is up $80 million. These results reflect a lot of hard work across the whole company as we focus on acquiring new global customers and being efficient. We intend to continue with this mindset. With that we would like to open up the call for your questions. Given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you start off with one question, so we can get to everyone. If you have another question feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you and we look forward to your questions.
Terrence Duffy: So I'll take the latter part of that question first, Dan, and when you look at what we've done over the last year especially taken down our investment in Europe getting out of the credit market -- credit business and getting out of the investment we had in Brazil just to name a few. I think that we're pretty much just where we need to be right now by taking down those investments. I'm a big believer and they don't work after while you eventually have to call the question and it wasn't where Europe wasn't completely working, it’s just we built the liquidity here in U.S. here and Chicago round the clock which made it much more efficient for the company to run. So that's really the reasons behind that. And the other investments especially Brazil, I'm a big believer if shareholders want us to invest their money, they can do it themselves, they don't need us to do it for them and as it relates to credit that was just a losing proposition for us and eventually needed to call the question. So those are a couple of the main ones that I think you're referring to and I think that's pretty much where we want to be right now. We're analyzing some smaller incentive plans things of that nature but nothing that would move the radar. As far as other M&A activity, John, I would like you to comment on.
Terrence Duffy: Brian one of the things I will say it's Terry Duffy is when you have a mandatory law such as Dodd-Frank that implements on the certain particular day people care for that. When you have what’s under the uncleared margin rules as it relates to FX it's economics that dictates the behavior of the participant, when the economics come under actually almost much more powerful than a mandatory date. So without us trying to give any timeline of when we think that’s going to have an uptick one way or another I think that you have to look at the differences and economics around these particular rules always seem to live up.
Terrence Duffy: Mike, I'll take -- I will make comment on that. I had the opportunity to meet several times the treasury along with Kim Taylor and other people in the organization and got a chance to go through the report and got a good summary as if you've seen the report it's rather lengthy but there is a couple of things in that that I will point out that the supplemental leverage ratio that the stance of the treasury is taking in that report is very positive, we think that they're spot on with the way of looking at that. As it relates to some of the other things in the report, I think for the most part it doesn't have any adverse impact on CME Group or the businesses that we run but from that standpoint we're going to -- we're fine with the report. So the one thing that is in there again even though it’s that supplemental leverage ratio and Kim if you want to comment any further on that report but we --
Terrence Duffy: Rich, the only thing I will say and I'll kind of follow-up with John said earlier and that is we’re going to look and continue to look and because we put ourselves in a position to analyze so many different transactions of what's going to add value to the client, I said a year ago when I took over as CEO my major focus was building the end user clients and that's what we’re continuing to do. So we freed up a lot of capital, we’re continuing to do new client acquisition and if there is a potential transaction that makes sense that will add to the bottom-line for our clients, I truly believe that's the formula that we will in return to deliver value for our shareholders. So that’s the path that I’m going down and as far as the regulation goes and who regulates that particular product that we go after it, we will take that under consideration but I will not shy away from something that I think will deliver value from the company just because of who regulates it.
Terrence Duffy: Well we want to thank you as I said at the outset for your participation in CME and your interest and we hope you have a good day and thank you very much.
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Our view on M&A really Dan hasn't changed. We still believe that large scale cross-border exchange M&A is very difficult to get done especially in this current environment. But we do keep our options open as it relates to mergers and acquisitions, if we find something that we think can create shareholder value and advance our strategy, we'll certainly execute on it but we're right now sitting at a really strong position. So we can be -- we can approach things from a position of strength. So that's our view on mergers and acquisitions.
John Pietrowicz: Sure Chris, this is John. Yes, you're correct; when you take a look at kind of the sequential growth in our expenses it's a pattern that be consistent over the years. Our fourth quarter tend to be significantly heavier than our third quarter. We do get a bump up in marketing and other because we got some customer-facing events that occur in the fourth quarter. Also when you take a look at the increase from Q3 to Q4 this year, we do have some catch-up on projects, so we do expect our pro services fees to go up a little higher. When you look at Q4 of last year versus Q4 of this year, it's really about a $4 million increase. When you look at our average compensation cost over the first three quarters it's up about $6 million a quarter. So our non-compensation related expenses are actually going to go down a little bit, we're anticipating going into Q4. In terms of our expense guidance this has been an entire CME wide effort and the team has done a fantastic job of really managing our expenses well. As Terry kind of alluded to in his remarks to start, our expense level is below what it was in 2014, with regard to our total expenses excluding license fees. So the team is really has a really strong mindset around managing cost. When looking at our CapEx on a year-by-year basis, the capital -- our CapEx spend is actually over the last several years has decreased -- I'm sorry has actually been in the range of between $70 million and $85 million. So our capital on tech only in 2015 was about $72 million, in 2016 is about $86 million, the guidance we've given is between $80 million and $85 million. So it's roughly been in that range in 2016. What’s really important is that we've been the tech team has done a tremendous job in terms of managing and engineering our systems and utilizing new technologies like cloud-based services which has allowed to scale our business and handle significant market events with high availability around the clock, while being very efficient in our spending. We can handle two to three times our current volume levels as needed. And that was really demonstrated when you took a look at the U.S. Elections and Brexit as examples. So we've got a very robust system. The team is leveraging new technologies and is really done a lot great work in terms of engineering our systems.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Rich, this is John. We're very pleased with the amount of cash we've been able to build. We've got about $1.63 billion in cash and cash equivalents coming into the fourth quarter. Our typical Q4 build is between $175 million to $250 million excluding one-time items like Brazil and building sales. So we're very pleased with our -- with the way we've been able to generate cash, our expense controls and organic growth are really driving those balances higher. I think when we take a look at the level of the annual variable dividend that's a board decision. Certainly the point of discussion will be around the capital freed up from our operations out of Europe. So that $150 million will be point of discussion we talk with the board in the fourth quarter about the annual variable dividend.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Jeremy, this is John. We haven’t announced how we’re going to handle another Fed move but to give you some color about how we’re thinking about it, we want to be competitive with the returns our customers can get with other investments versus what they can get at the Fed. And we want to do this in order to attract the cash balances to the Fed. So we haven't announced that but the way we’re thinking about it really is the company though is our returns that we can offer by putting money in the Fed versus alternative investment vehicles, so more to come on that once the Fed moves.
John Pietrowicz: We’re not going to comment on it, it’s too early and it’s unknown exactly when the Fed is going to move. So we don’t want to -- we will comment on that once the Fed makes the rate change.
Sean Tully: Sure, this is Sean jumping in. We are excited about the FX business and we are working very closely with the marketplace in order to solve the markets problems much in the same way that we did rates market over the last several years. The rates market over the last several years' right we facilitated recurring interest rate swaps and then the movement of a lot of folks from OTC space into future space, as the rules hit market participants and we've shown that futures grow with the best way to lowest-cost way to represent risk. So working with participants again in the FX market, we're very excited about that, we do offer non-billable forward hearing in the OTC space and we are looking to launch in the near future OTC FX options hearing as well. In addition to that we recently launched a monthly FX futures, which we're really excited about. The monthly FX futures gives the marketplace an alternative and kicks on the FX forward market as well as the FX swaps market and we actually had a day about a week-and-a-half ago, where we did more than 21,000 contracts in our new monthly contract -- in our new monthly. That's an important number. If you think about our FX contracts does 900,000 contracts a day, 21,000 day in a new product is a significant portion that day was almost 3% of our FX volumes. So we are seeing additional participants come in and we are seeing the uptick of these products. We also announced recently the launch of CME FX link which we expect to launch actually January of next year. With CME FX link you're going to be able to trade on Globex, the spread between an OTC spot transaction and our futures contract. So this will be against our start from three contracts, the monthlies as well as from quarterly. So we're very excited about that, for the first time we will have a listed standardized equivalent for FX swaps and FX forwards. Why is it so exciting? Relative to the margin rules, the GSIT rules, and even under MITHID 2 the impact on market adjustments that will have to post margin on these products, the standardized futures will be a lower cost alternative. And if you look at the FX forwards market and the FX swaps market combined according to the most recent study from the BIS between the two of them it's about $2.1 trillion available volume. So we're offering a standardized equivalent and we're excited about working with market participant on that.
Sean Tully: Probably longer-term. I mean really not going to -- obviously longer-term not going to put our predictions very hard to predict, how much transfer will be, but we want to be there to offer the lowest cost, most efficient alternative for the market.
Sean Tully: Sure. In terms of clearing revenue on the interest rate side, we expect to be flattish this year, so revenues to be fairly flat. As we mentioned earlier right we have decided to close our CBS Clearing activity. And while the revenues were small, the net income was negative. So that also would have an impact on those numbers. But if you look at the interest rate swaps flattish but slightly higher. We are -- I’m excited about the new offerings that we have, we had very good traction over the last 12 months particularly in Mexico Peso and Brazilian Real. In those two currencies we’re running over $20 billion a day and we have now over 170 participants and in fact to get an additional 50 participants in our Latin American interest rate swaps, so far this year. We’re also excited to say that we launched the Indian Rupee and KRW, so the Korean Won interest rate swap clearing. We’ve already done and those currencies are around 30 trades with 16 participants, which is very good traction for the very beginning. If you look at the Brazilian Real, the Mexican Peso, the Korean Won and the Indian Rupee these are where we had a unique value proposition especially with the Mexican Peso when we first launched it and the traction we got. So in these currencies we expect to be the value proposition relative to addressing the margin rules and earning that efficiency to the marketplace that we will do much better than we have in the past. To add to that, actually, we recently had more than 30 trades executed in our Swaptions clearing. While we had relatively small business, we are getting traction in new product.
Sean Tully: Sure. Over the last few years everyone, we thought this number of times work very hard in terms of investments in our technology and investments in the ability to have very fast responses to strategies and our options marketplace in order to facilitate the electronification. So the Euro dollar options as John mentioned we leveled the playing field between the different venues in particular for members we did increase the fees from $0.09 to $0.15 if you're trading in the fifth. And then we lowered them on Globex in terms of the fees with CME it gets $24 to $22. So you can see there we have reduced the differential leveling the playing field in order to get more particularly international participants and to continue our growth of our electronic market. If it is the success we’ve had there over last two years, we’re currently running at 40% electronic in our Euro dollar option last year we’re about 25% electronic a year before that about 15% electronic, so very significant growth in our electronic market. In addition to that actually around the treasury side, we're currently running at around 80% electronic versus closer to 70% last year. So we're excited about the increasing electronification and the increasing volumes. If you look at those marketplaces while our overall rates business is up about 15% year-over-year, our options business is growing much, much faster. Our Euro dollar options in particular are running up 19% year-over-year and our treasury options in fact are up 41% year-over-year. So we see increasing participation, increased participants, increasing volume, I think John and I have spoken many times in the past about as we electronify we typically see much higher velocity of trading and that's definitely coming to fruition here.
