James Parisi: Thank you, Craig. CME Group posted solid third quarter financial results with average daily volume of 11.6 million contracts per day, up 14% versus Q3 of last year, driving a 13% increase in revenue to $733 million. We delivered $443 million of operating income, a 60% operating margin, diluted earnings per share of $3.66. The overall rate per contract decreased 3% to $0.81 compared with $0.0834 in the third quarter of 2009, due to higher growth for members versus non-members in higher-tiered discounts. Sequentially, the rate per contract increased 3% due to favorable mix factors including a stronger participation from our highest paying non-members. Market data revenue of $101 million for the quarter was down less than 1%, compared to Q2, due to a decrease in the Dow Jones Indexes revenue attributable primarily to lower equity assets under management. Drivers to CME, CBOT and NYMEX data increased our activity somewhat in Q3 with the total terminal count of slightly to 385,000. This was the first increase in sequential screen count since Q2 of 2008 signaling some stabilization relative to the trend we have seen since the credit crisis began. Lastly, with respect to the other revenue line in Q3, we recognized $5.1 million from BM&FBOVESPA related to a build out of our multi-asset class trading platform. I'll now take a few minutes to review expenses. Drilling into Q3 expenses, compensation and benefits was $110 million, up $7 million from the prior quarter. $5.1 million of this increase was based on a sequential change in deferred compensation expense. Remember there is a one-for-one offset in the investment income line for this item so there's no bottom line impact. In addition, our combined headcount at the end of Q3 stood at 2,520, an increase of 60 people during the third quarter, reflecting our continued investment in growth opportunities. Q3 marketing and other expense included approximately $4.7 million related to resolving customer losses associated with the CME Globex and trade issue which occurred in September, while there were a $2.1 million tax and operating accrual adjustment which decreased occupancy and building expenses for the quarter. We now expect our second half of 2010 expenses to come in near the top end of our prior guidance of $573 million to $583 million, with the one-time cost of the end trade and higher deferred compensation pushing us to that level. In the non-operating income and expense category, investment income was up $8 million, sequentially, due to a $3 million increase in the BM&FBOVESPA dividend plus the $5 million in deferred comp earnings mentioned earlier. Equity and losses of unconsolidated subsidiaries reflect a $2 million increase, due to writing down to zero our investment OneChicago, our single-stock futures JV. In the third quarter, we paid down $300 million of debt, bringing our total debt to $2.5 billion, which reduced interest expense by $2 million. Our debt to EBITDA ratio is now under 1.3x. A detailed illustration of our debt structure is included in our earnings slide. At the end of the third quarter, we had approximately $630 million of cash in marketable securities on our balance sheet. For the quarter, our effective tax rate was 41.2%, and we expect our tax rate to fall between 41% and 42% in total for the year. Capital expenditures net of lease hold improvement allowances totaled $44 million in the third quarter, driven primarily by hardware and software purchases tied to the migration of our Globex trading system to our new data center, additional investment in the data center related to our co-location offering, as well as continued build out of our office facility. We expect our capital expenditures to come in near the low end of our full year guidance of $180 million to $200 million. Turning to recent volumes. So far in October, ADV is tracking a similar level to Q3 at 11.4 million contracts up 9% compared to the same time frame last year. In summary, we added to our solid 2010 financial performance in the third quarter. So far this year, we have generated over $800 million of cash earnings while investing significantly in growth initiatives and paying down $400 million of debt. We are well on our way to returning excess capital to shareholders as early as next year. So I'll now open up the call for your questions. In order to get to everyone, we are limiting all of you to one question and one follow-up, and please feel free to get back in the queue if time permits.
James Parisi: It's not quite that. I think you're talking about the other interest in Dow Jones in that line. The way it's constructed all the -- when you consider all the amortization and interest expense for Dow Jones, it does comes close to a break even. But it was slightly positive for the quarter. But when you through all the accounting, the allocation out for the partners is close to zero.
James Parisi: The first thing to recall is on the international hubs, that all of our international volume does not come through the hubs, it's only a subset of the volume as there's plenty of folks internationally who hook up directly to CME and don't go through that. So we provide these different views because they don't have a perfect way of measuring that international volume to get a flavor of those volumes. So be very careful on how you interpret these hub volume.
James Parisi: We don't normally give out growth guidance, as you know. But we certainly expected to grow rather significantly, of course going forward, obviously that's why we're focusing on it as most intensely.
James Parisi: Dan, we don't provide that in detail anymore for competitive reasons. But I think you can take from my comments, that certainly we saw a small pickup in the non-member category. They're generally across the other categories. There wasn't any significant changes other than that.
James Parisi: On the OTC business, we said before, I think the operating margin on that business will be somewhat lower than our existing core business due to the fact that various constituencies involved and the desire to share some of the economics around that. And then on the co-lo, I think, we don't put numbers out on that, yet, but I think that will be a fairly solid margin on that. I'm not going to give you too much more color. I do believe that while both these are a little bit longer-term, we believe co-lo will start to contribute in a decent way in 2012 and on the OTC side, we said it's a multi-year effort.
James Parisi: So from south to north order running, it's the volume's about quadrupled over the last four years, up a very small base of course. But as Craig pointed out, I think the more important thing is that we continue to drive volumes directly to CME and CME products from that region.
James Parisi: On the market data, Dow Jones is probably, for the quarter is about $17 million and the majority of that is AUM based. And then on the other revenue of line item where we saw a tick up because of the fees that we received from BM&FBOVESPA for the co-development of the platform, we expect to see a similar number in the coming quarter essentially also in the first quarter and then there'll be some more later on but it's hard to tell how that's going to flow and it will depend on how this development progresses.
Craig Donohue: What we're doing right now is working with the CFTC to discuss that. I just want to sort of caution everyone that the ultimate approval of that capability is really tied into much larger and broader questions that the CFTC is working on right now, as they're contemplating central counter party clearing swaps alongside traditional exchange-traded futures and options contracts. So we're working on the specific methodology, as are they, for facilitating capital and cross margin efficiencies between swaps and between futures and options. So that's a process that's going to take, I'm sure, a number of months as they formulate their more detailed proposals. But we're working with them on that.
Craig Donohue: I think generally speaking, the consensus in the industry seems to be, I think that's been reflected even in recent analyst report, that most people are expecting to increase their activity over a roughly 12 to 24 months timeframe with many people waiting until there's greater clarity on the rules they're implementing the swap trading and clearing requirements. So I think that is probably the biggest gaiting factor. And then of course, obviously, as we see the final rules and account structures for swaps and exchange rates for futures and options that will be incrementally helpful as well.
Craig Donohue: It's Craig. I'm going to be very limited and just say that, obviously, our pricing methodology is based on the notional amounts cleared. But we're going to sort of keep that in reserve until we get farther along in this process. Obviously, as Terry mentioned, we were successful in meeting our commitment to be prepared to clear by October 18, which we've done. But we have a lot of work to do with our partners and participants to finalize the terms of the structure in their participation. So we'll have more that we can share with you as that process gets farther along the way.
Craig Donohue: I think again, obviously, with us having already commenced clearing and having now $660 million of notional value outstanding. We're able to do this, we're intending to keep doing this. We are prepared to support our customers and participants who are ready and willing to do that now. I was only meaning to reflect but I think more broadly, many participants have indicated that it's likely to be 24 months before they have the vast majority of their interest rate swaps transactions being centrally cleared. So I was just reflecting the broader sentiment that we're ready, and we're working with customers who want to do it.
Craig Donohue: It's Craig. I don't think, and I can ask Bryan Durkin if he would like to comment as well, but I don't think that sort of issues that we're grappling with as it relates to new provisions of Dodd-Frank and rules on ClearPort are really impacting ClearPort. ClearPort has continued to perform very well. And so we're working through a process right now in the emerging kind of world that we're getting to where there's a fairly clear distinction between swaps that are required to be centrally cleared, but also as they are cleared traded on either a swap execution facility or an exchange versus futures, trying to sort of work with market participants, customers and the regulators to try to determine what the past forward is for ClearPort. We're confident that we have a range of alternatives that will continue to make ClearPort very valuable to customers. There are some products that are more actively traded on ClearPort, and for which, there maybe effective ways to, I think you said futurize them, and then there's a range of products that are less actively traded. So we've got some solutions. We're discussing those with people. But I think in the end, ClearPort will continue to be a very successful and valuable service for market participants.
Craig Donohue: We haven't really settle off on that, not because we're being KJ. But I think we recognize that it's still not yet fully defined what a swap execution facility is going to be. What we have said before is that our primary focus is really on providing post-trade clearing services to the over-the-counter swaps market. And separately, we said that where there's a need or where there is some particular value that we think uniquely we can provide, we're certainly not ruling out the possibility to become a swap execution facility. But I think it's really premature to do that for the moment. And obviously, we're going to continue to look at that as things evolve.
Craig Donohue: I think in the long run, clearly it's going to be the level of cleared volume as revenues coming through, and we'll be able to -- in the longer run, we'll be putting an information out there. Just remember that as far as the clearing out goes, it is a scalable operation with lower marginal costs as we add business to it. So we do believe this to be very profitable for us in the future.
Craig Donohue: Rob, we've had a mix of transactions that have been cleared. I think it's just way too soon to start kind of breaking down the transactions that have been cleared so far. So over time, there'll be more transactions in that but for the moment, a small amount of actual activities that's been done, as I mentioned. On the second part, I think, certainly one of the issues that's just wanting to make sure that from a customer-protection perspective, the manner in which swap and futures and options positions are held, and sort of risk it, futures customers might have, or swap customers might have is a key area of focus as we think about how to strike the right balance between sort of protecting the customers, having effective risk management systems for both swap clearing and futures and options clearing. But at the same time, also facilitating capital and margin efficiencies that are valuable to market participants. So I mean those are at a high-level, I think the issues that the industry and the regulators are really focused on. But I think that the goal is to provide that now and to make sure that we have an effective customer protection regime and at the same time to provide capital margin efficiencies that actually make these markets efficient competitive.
Craig Donohue: We're working on multi-currency offerings. We'll have more to say on that as we further our plans and work more with market participants in clearing a number of firms. But I think you've heard us say before that we're already a global provider of clearing services and exchange-traded markets. And our goal and intention is to be a global provider of clearing services in the over-the-counter swaps markets as well. I think you're probably aware that we have an application pending in the U.K. to be organized as a clearing hubs in Europe as well. So our goal and intention is to be multi-currency.
Craig Donohue: I think in general, there's continued kind of upside potential in exchange-traded options product, not just NYMEX. But also various of the options products that are offered on CME as well as the other boarder trade. So that would be one area. And then again just going back to my earlier comments from where we are, looking at ClearPort contracts and trying to make some preliminary determinations about whether there are some products that might be effectively traded, in essential mid-order book environment or as futures versus swaps.
Craig Donohue: I'll just say just, generally. One of the things that we are working together on, and which has been very successful, is that as customers begin to become active in the BM&FBOVESPA market through our order-routing linkage, they also then do gravitate toward actual co-location where they are participating kind of directly on a co-location basis in the Brazilian market. So that's beneficial for both of us as well and we collaborate in that sort of transitioning from just pure order routing to direct access through co-location. We're continuing to see interest in that building. We have a pipeline of participants who are becoming increasingly aware of the efficiencies and the value of accessing in the BM&FBOVESPA market. So I do think there's a lot of continued sort of benefits there. You've seen us working with other exchanges as well on cross listing of products in different currencies and that's certainly another area of opportunity for us in terms of BM&FBOVESPA. And then just lastly, I would say that we're making great progress on the development of our new multi-asset class trading platforms, which ultimately will be deployed by BM&FBOVESPA and I think the increase for the scalability and capacity and speed advances of that new platform should be further attractive to our customer base.
Craig Donohue: I would take strong issue with that. I think there are cyclical factors at times they come into play. If you just kind of look back over the last several years, you'll see times when WTI has clearly outperformed Brent and conversely times when Brent has been to outperform WTI. But I think the most important thing to sort of look at is the WTI market is more than 2.5x the size of the Brent market and that suggests to me that is ultimately what people look to as the global benchmark for hedging and risk management in crude oil. And that's been true for quite some time. So I would disagree with that.
Craig Donohue: In general, I mean obviously, OTC clearing is a very important component of our overall growth strategy. And so we do have significant number of people deployed on that, that's been true for a couple years now, both as it relates to interest rate swaps clearing as well as credit default swaps clearing, which still I think in a very early stage particularly in the dealer to client sort of segment, so that's an area where we do have substantial resource that's devoted. Although I would point out that these are existing resources that also support the operation and growth of our core business activities as well. On the FX side, obviously we're also waiting to see ultimately kind of what develops in terms of whether the exemptive authority by the Treasury Secretary will be exercised in order to treat foreign exchange swaps or options or forward differently than other financial swap instrument. I don't have any particular insights into that. I've seen the arguments on both sides. But that will be something that will be awaiting just as the rest of the market is as well. I would say were not actively involved in taking a position on that because as you might remember, our position throughout the legislative process was not to support mandatory clearing requirements generally.
Craig Donohue: We have some insight into that and we definitely have seen our customer base broaden. And we see more participants coming into the market. I think reflecting the fact that we're now, obviously, a major source of liquidity on a daily basis in most major currencies. So we are seeing broader participation both in terms of types of customer segment as well as we're seeing really good growth in the sort of non-U.S. hours. That's a key focus for us. We are going to be really kind of increasing our sales and marketing and leadership capabilities primarily in the European market time zone to better take advantage of what we think is a great growth opportunity for us in the FX.
Craig Donohue: It's Craig. Obviously, we're looking closely at that. I think I assume you're referring to what people call the cyclical proposal and the amount of available liquid capital resources that are...
Craig Donohue: We're looking at that. For the moment I would say and obviously that can change depending on who's the largest participants are and what their particular exposures and margin requirements are. But for the most part, at least we're currently looking at understanding this in relationship to who our largest participants are today. We're not expecting that to have a material effect on sort of our capital requirements to support productivity in the clearing house. But that's something that we're going to be discussing further with the CFTC as the process evolves.
Craig Donohue: I think it's very difficult, Don, to kind of speculate on that. Obviously, the overall kind of environment in terms of to prosecute policy and set of involvement in quantitative easing has been somewhat challenging for that segment of our business. But I think if you look at it, I would say that other there circumstances, the business and interest rates have actually performed, I think, very well. You clearly see people moving farther off the yield curve and so we are benefited by the diversity of the range of interest-rate products that we've provided and certainly the increased activity in treasuries, which has been substantial, has helped to ameliorate or offset some of the difficulties in the kind of short-term interest rate market in Eurodollar futures but I'll go back to the point that I made before which is we're seeing open interest building significantly in all of our interest-rate products including, even in the very near-term, short-term contract, so we'll wait and see sort of what the sort of the next round of quantitative using really involves, but I guess it's very difficult for me to speculate on what that means for volume and what other factors might come into play that could be either incrementally positive or negative for interest rates.
Craig Donohue: I would say that our posture on that is remaining the same. We've clearly indicated that we do not expect any kind of large-scale mergers and acquisitions activity in the near future. I think when you look back at the totality of mergers and acquisitions in the exchange space over the last decade, we clearly have had the most focused strategy, at least in terms of how we view our expertise and capabilities. And obviously, that's been in the derivative market and the exchange-traded derivative market, with obviously the exception of -- we have a very positive view about the opportunities in the index services area. But generally speaking, we're continuing to have the same view, we have great growth opportunities in our core business, we are focused on globalizing our core business, and obviously, we're focused on leveraging our current capabilities in clearing and risk management and to the over-the-counter swaps market. So those are the avenues of growth for us and I don't think you will see us taking on sort of large transactions to further expand our business when we've got those kinds of organic growth opportunities in front of us.
Craig Donohue: I just want to thank everybody on behalf of my colleagues for joining us today. We will look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Terrence Duffy: Rich, it's Terry, I am here. I think that there will be multiple platforms for this clearing of interest rate swaps. But the commitment levels, I think Craig outlined that the $628 million that we did last week, there was some comments made months back by the government-sponsored enterprises that they told the regulator they would be prepared to clear by October 18. We told everybody we would be prepared to clear by October 18, that's exactly what we did. So you saw some of the transactions going. But I think really the answer is, the commitment we'll see more as the rules are finalized, as Craig pointed out, and it's really hard to determine what the overall commitment is going to be at this early stage in the game right now. So I wish I can give you more information. But I really can't and Craig can add to that.
Terrence Duffy: Howard this is Terry. I have always said for a long time now, especially when I testify in D.C. as it relates to high-frequency trading, these people are truly liquidity providers. They are not looking for long term direction of anyone particular market at all. They're mostly competing for the build-out or to lay out in other marketplaces, which deepens the pools of liquidity for people who are trying to manage risks. So when I go to Congress and remind them that most participants in the U.S. equity market or anything else, they are not competing for the build-out. They're competing for their portfolio risk management for six weeks, six months or six years, they need to have that deep liquidity and that's exactly what HFT traders provide. And when you walk them through how they provide this liquidity, the regulators and legislators start to get it. So it's a new phenomenon in high-frequency trading and I think people are trying to understand that more than anything else, so the natural thing is when you don't understand something is to blame something. So I think that's what we're seeing right now but I think people will realize that this is very valuable liquidity as time continues.
Terrence Duffy: I completely agree. But I think one of the interesting things, when you look at FX not being included in the Dodd-Frank, I think that's almost irrelevant because with the interest rate swaps being in Dodd-Frank, and we're going to start to see, I believe, the efficiencies as such clearing can provide for inter-trade swap participants, I think that FX will just be a natural follower. It doesn't need a law to mandate it. As Craig said, we did not pursue mandating any of these things to begin with. We always thought that the amendments should be different for cleared versus non-cleared. So I think once people start to realize the benefits of interest rate swaps clearing, the FX will follow without any legislation needed.
