Jeff Harmening: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning to everyone. I'll start this morning by offering some quick thoughts on our year-to-date performance. I'm pleased to say that our results through six months keep us on track to deliver our full year targets. Our cost and capital discipline drove profit growth ahead of our expectations in the first half of our fiscal year. Our job to do for the second half is very clear, and that is to accelerate our sales growth in our North America Retail and Pet segments, while we maintain our cost discipline, and we're confident in the plans we have to do just that. Now I'll turn it over to Don Mulligan to walk through our financial performance in the quarter. Then I'll come back to provide an update on our fiscal 2019 priorities and share a few highlights on our second half plans.
Jeff Harmening: Okay. And thanks for the question, Ken. I'll give you some level of specificity, but maybe not all the way to what you see. What I would say is that in terms of varieties, we do plan a significant expansion of varieties. And one of the things I'm most pleased with is that given the success we've had in Food, Drug and Mass so far, we'll see a lot of variety expansion and it will be highly incremental to what we currently have. And I think that strength -- that speaks to the strength of the Blue Buffalo brand in FDM and the success we've had in rolling it out, not only in terms of distribution growth, but actually maintaining and even growing the sales in places where we have it. I think that's probably the most important takeaway. In terms of Pet Specialty, I mean, we've declined double-digits, and look, where we're not happy with that long term trajectory. On the other hand it's what we modeled it would happen. And so it's kind of in line with our expectations. We're dedicated to the Pet Specialty channel for the long term. And what's interesting is that in some Pet Specialty customers that have continued to feature Blue and have distribution and go with our innovation and promotion plans their categories are actually doing better than those that haven't. And so we think -- and which just not a surprise given that Blue Buffalo is two times the next largest brand in that channel. And so we think we haven't modeled our Pet Specialty business to increase for the rest of the year, but we're certainly hopeful over time that it can and we know what it will take, it will take really good innovation, it will take partnering with our accounts to keep the in-store experience what it always has been, which is one of the point I think of competitive advantage and good promotion plan. And so, we haven't counted on our performance improving in Pet Specialty, but we're certainly dedicated to the channel and we're optimistic that we can actually turn that performance around over time.
Jeff Harmening: And the second part of your question, Chris, I think is also important as we think about the second half of the year and price and mix and look we realized about 2% price mix in the first half and we'll think -- and importantly we realized it across all segments. So I think that's important. And we see continued benefits from price and mix in the second half of the year and I mean I suppose if you're listening and you hear us talking about needing to make sure our merchandising on cereals and snacks a little more competitive you might wonder, okay, does that mean we're going take a margin hit in the second half or can we generate pricing. And the answer is look we're talking about two specific categories, the rest of our top [8] [ph] our pricing is in good shape. And for the rest of the company we feel like we've got good pricing plans in place. On top of that something you might not think about, but certainly we do is that on an enterprise level to the extent that we grow Blue Buffalo double-digits in the back half with we have a great line of sight to doing and we pick up our growth on cereal and snacks, there is a net price mix at the enterprise level even without taking pricing because the price per pound that we get from pet and from cereal and from snacks and as well as actually some of the other accelerate categories like Haagen-Dazs and Old El Paso they're better than the company average. And so as we look at the back half of the year we see an ability to continue to generate price and mix in the marketplace.
Jeff Harmening: Hey Rob, this is Jeff and you asked a number of questions and let me make sure I hit, if I don't hit all of them, it’s not because I have tried avoid I just forgot one. So let me try to hit them kind of sequentially. In terms of the second quarter the slowdown in reporting net sales, it actually isn’t fair to say that it was a slowdown in Pet Specialty or Pet Specialty declines were pretty much the same year-over-year. It really is a matter of our comparison to a year ago and inventory builds. And so the way I like to think of it in the second quarter of this year, we're comparing to 25% growth last year, we declined 7% this year. So over a couple year period that's about 9% compound annual growth. If you look at our takeaway in retail sales, it's about 9% compound annual growth. So it really the deceleration in RNS has nothing to do with takeaway and nothing to do with a decline -- further decline in Pet Specialty. It has everything to do with lumpiness of RNS as it relates to inventory build. We will see that reverse completely, in fact we will see it reverse completely and then some, in the back half of the year specifically in the fourth quarter starting in February as we build inventory in ahead of our new distribution gains. In terms of incrementality, one of the reasons why I mentioned household penetration is because there are a lot of numbers I can throw out about incrementality and we've done a lot of studies. But -- and what we found is that our launch into Food, Drug and Mass has been highly incremental, for the Blue Buffalo brand. But one of the measures is household penetration and one of the things that I'm most pleased with is our household penetration is up 26% as opposed to our retail sales being up 9%. And as we've launched into these other channels, it's really good to see our household penetration expand because that says that all of the gains are not coming out of our current business and not just trading out what we've done in the Pet Specialty or online, but the brand continue to grow continue to gain new consumers. We saw the same kind of phenomenon with Annie’s, we've seen it with Lärabar, we've seen it with EPIC and when you can get household penetration increasing ahead of your consumption it actually pretends really good things. Your last question is about wet and treats and right now Blue Buffalo under indexes on the wet and treats, I think is a huge opportunity for us. And for treats, I mean that's just pet food speak for snacking and we see snacking trends in human food and we see it in pet the same way and one of the things when we bought Blue Buffalo we were excited about was that the humanization of pet food. We see the same kind of trends that we do in human food and so we can -- we feel like we've got good visibility to where the consumer's minds are in. And then we think that the treats business are going to continue to grow and we under index and we think it's a huge opportunity, we're pleased to see that it's growing. And the nice thing is as we grow that differentially, we'll see improve margins, because the margins on those businesses tend to be better.
Jeff Harmening: Seasonality really doesn't matter much, you're right. Pets tend to eat about the same amount every day. And it really has to do -- I think the most important point Rob is to take away is this building of inventory and how it looks quarter-to-quarter. And that's why I get back to the retail consumption is being the main driver. Because I'm going to tell you, our fourth quarter is going to be really high and it's going to look really good for Blue Buffalo and it will be good. But we have to keep -- but the key is really making sure, we have the underlying consumption in mind.
Jeff Harmening: I think it is. It really is a matter of Jason price mix and HMM exceeding inflation. And I think you see that because our second quarter it was our merchandising results that really lagged our expectations. What we sell at an everyday price was actually at or above our expectations and that's the best margin. And so from a margin standpoint we are really pleased with what we're selling at an everyday price. And what we merchandise was really what drove -- what was really the cause for our sales being a little below what we had anticipated, which has pretty good margin impact.
Jeff Harmening: Well, Pablo, I appreciate the question. I think, what we see is that first is as Blue has entered it has been really successful and in fact year-to-date it's driven something on the order of 40% of the growth in Food, Drug and Mass. And so this premium part of the Pet Food segment especially kind of the wholesome natural area Blue Buffalo is driving that growth. And interestingly, as Blue has come in to the Food, Drug and Mass segment it's actually grown the whole segment, so the whole segment is growing. And the customers that have taken Blue Buffalo are growing faster than the ones that haven’t. And so, what that says to me there is a premiumization going on in pet food similar to what we see in human food and what you see in -- what we've seen in natural and organic, so again the trends there are very similar. And we've had -- I think it also -- what it also speak to the success we've had with Blue Buffalo in Food, Drug and Mass as well as e-commerce by the way, is number one on online and it's number one in Pet Specialty. So it's doing well across channels and great brands do well across channels, and we see that with Cheerios and we see that with Annie's. And so what we're seeing in Blue is kind of what we expected and it's drive -- importantly it's driving success in the whole segment of wholesome natural and Food, Drug and Mass and it's really some of the mainstream brands that have seen declines.
Jeff Harmening: We don't comment on any specific retailers, but I will say that all our brands are natural. And so we feel good about the ingredients in Blue Buffalo and certainly wouldn't anticipate any negative consequences from that activity.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, so in terms of the second half distribution build, when we came into the year, it's fair to say that we assumed that we would have a big push in our distribution plans kind of at the end of January and for a variety of reasons that's going to be delayed by a few weeks to be honest in the life of a brand, it's not a big deal. What it means is that because it really starts in February now instead of January it pushes it into our fourth quarter instead of our third. But in terms of what it means for the brand to be honest it's not a huge deal. And what I would also say is that we have been -- while that delay may have impacted the year a little bit to the negative, our product expansion or variety expansion to other customers is going to be frankly the uptake on that is going to be better than we anticipated because Blue has been so strong and those initial customers we launched into a year ago. So when you get those things together, we'll have strong growth in Food, Drug and Mass for the year. So we feel really good about that. In terms of wet pet food and treats, if I understand your question correctly, the -- what we see is that there'll be a product mix in Food, Drug and Mass so it'll be a little bit different skew a little bit more toward the wet and treat segments where the profit margins are better. I mean, first of all, they're all good, all the profit margin in pet are good, certainly relative to General Mills average, those tend to be particularly good. And as we push into that that's one of the reasons our household penetration is up higher than our sales because as we expand into Food, Drug and Mass and also why it's incremental because we see a different product mix.
Jeff Harmening: And I am going to build on that, I agree with everything that Jon said and I would build on it by saying. I mean, if you look at what we had done had in one of our slides. If you look at the first half of the year, our organic sales were flat. And our guidance for year was flat to up 1%. And so on our organic business, we don't need to jump out of our shoes in order to hit our guidance for the year. We need -- do we need to improve a little bit? Yes. But we don't need to improve so significantly that we feel like, we have to go out buy volume at any cost in the back half of the year to hit our sales guidance, that's not the case at all. We just need to improve a little bit in a couple of specific areas.  The biggest improvement you're going to see in our back half of the year is going to be on Blue Buffalo. And you'll see that, because of the comps and in fact we are lapping the inventory from Q2 and we're not doing that again back half and we're doubling our distribution. That will be the biggest increase and we have very tangible plans in place in order to recognize that.
Jeff Harmening: Well, it's a first of all Wilderness is a great brand. And I think some of the best packaging we have at General Mills and some of the best equity. And I can tell you it's kind of a tail of two things, we don't have it in FDM at the moment, but in specialty it's doing okay, but it's declining a little bit because our business in Pet Specialty declining and e-commerce it’s on fire. So the fair amount of our growth in e-commerce is Wilderness as well as the Life Protection Formula, and what I can tell you that's a great sub line. And we think it has a lot of potential just like we think Life Protection Formula has still a lot of potential.
Jeff Harmening: It's fair to assume that it's existing products that we're expanding channels. So products with a proven track record of success that we are expanding.
Jeff Harmening: And that's all the time we have. Thanks everyone for hanging with us. Appreciate all the good questions and please reach out with further questions, we're around all day. Thanks so much. Have a great holiday season.
Don Mulligan: Sure Ken, this is Don. We did -- you're exactly right. We ran into above but we didn't have the visibility we needed. We made some changes from a systems and a process and a information flow standpoint internally to make sure that we are getting the sufficiently granular look at what the costs are. It also made sure that we are talking about what were the drivers not just what were the numbers what were the driver so we had a better sense of how they could evolve overtime what the range of potential outcomes were. And that is -- the combination of those things has given us much greater visibility into our cost structure. And it's one of the reasons that it's allowed us to over perform on the bottom line. We came ahead of our plan in the first quarter, we essentially matched our plan in the second quarter. So exiting the first half slightly ahead of the bottom line. And I think all that -- all the work that we did on the systems and the process and the information flow has paid dividends to help support that. As far as inflation, we're still expecting 5% across the company for the full year same as we guided. There obviously has been some movements up and down over the course of the year with tariffs and just harvest and so forth, but in total, we're still at 5%. And as far as logistics and are our freight costs in particular, we still see those being up double-digits, as we talked in some detail last year. We do annual contracts that are tied to our fiscal year and that contract this year reflected the higher in-market costs, which again we expect to see it throughout the balance of our fiscal.
Don Mulligan: Well, yes. So year-to-date -- in the second quarter, we had operating margins of about 40 basis points ahead of last year gross margins were about 10 points ahead of last year. And there was really three key contributors, one obviously was the addition of Blue Buffalo which is the higher margin business both in the gross margin and the operating margin level. We talked about tight cost controls that was in the plans, it was in our administrative functions and that was a benefit to the operating profit, benefit to the gross margin. And then HMM and price mix together more than offset our input cost inflation. And those three Blue Buffalo, the ongoing cost controls and HMM price versus inflation that contributed in equal measure to our over performance and our growth in operating margin in the second quarter. Obviously was offset -- there was some offset from lower volume and the deleverage that we saw there, but those were the three primary drivers of the improved performance, they were about in equal measure. And so we are seeing the benefits of our SRM activities come through.
Don Mulligan: Buffalo was probably little less than that in the quarter. It will be in that neighborhood for the full year even a little higher for the full year as we alluded to, when we announced the deal. But in the second quarter it was a little less than that just given the fact that we had some the volume deleverage and the inflation and plant startup cost in the number. 
Don Mulligan: But you’re directionally correct, pet added in the base business was slightly down on a gross margin basis year-over-year.
Don Mulligan: No. What we saw in U.S. retailer NAR, was the same trends we saw from a total company standpoint. We have strong HMM, we have price mix benefit coming through. We had really strong cost control in our plants, so our manufacturing costs came in very tight and those combined to deliver better profitability of the bottom line than sales.
Don Mulligan: Just to build on what Jeff laid out, our baseline through the first half were flat in North America Retail which we feel really good about. It was really merchandising which was all of our declines and primarily in cereal and snacks. So we feel like our total commercial investments are in a really good place. We feel like our innovation is really working, our marketing is strong and the base business is performing. We clearly had some execution issues particularly on cereal and snacks merchandising and we've got plans in place to fix that. And you saw in November, cereal getting better as we got to merchandising more in line. So we have good confidence so we can accelerate the top line and at the same time continue to drive good margins in the back half.
Don Mulligan: Yes, there's no update. We spoke in the past about looking at roughly 5% of our portfolio that still in line, but we don't have any update until we are ready to pull the trigger on something.
Don Mulligan: From a retail sales standpoint, if you look across channels we're seeing wet and treats growth in the 20% range. So well ahead of the total. So we feel really good about where we're seeing that and as Jeff said Food, Drug and Mass is where we're seeing particularly outperformance for wet and treats. 
Don Mulligan: Sure. Yes, in terms of Blue, plant startup if you see what the profit decline in the quarter, it was about a third from lower sales, a third from plant startup costs and a third from the impact of inflation. And so to your point, it was a significant factor and that’s something that we will roll through as the year unfolds. So that's I think your recollection of the impact is correct. As far as debt, year-to-date from end of the year till now our debt is down about $500 million. We do have that maturity coming up. So we’ll have the opportunity to bring that down further in the back half of the year, not by the full billion, but by some additional amount. And we still target to exit F2020 with our leverage ratio at 3.5 which is what we announced at the time of the deal. 
Jon Nudi: Hey, Chris, its Jon. One of the things to keep in mind last year in Q2 cereal RNS was up 7%. So again we've got a tough comp there. Overall, we bought some inventory through the first half across U.S. Retail and cereal is a part of that and we expect as we move through the back half of the year that won't be as big of a headwind. So again we think the comps get better for us. Our merchandising will come back and we believe that we'll have a much stronger back half from a cereal standpoint.
Jon Nudi: Sure John, great question. What I would say was there is really two specific categories and some specific issues within each, which drove to our merchandising softness. So for cereal, we executed a pack price architecture project through the first half that touched nearly 70% of our line. So was our major project on top of that we had capacity constraints in our flake cereals and combined the two cause some disruption in our execution particularly in the months of September and October. And we didn't get the merchandising that we had expected. We got back into business from a merchandising standpoint in November and we saw our business bounce back. For snacks, we've had capacity constraints on two of our major platforms there as well and also some timing shifts from major retailers from Q2 to Q3. So we feel really good about our ability to get merchandising and actually get back to plan from a merchandising standpoint that will shift out again from Q2 to Q3. You're starting to see it already again November was a much better month through two weeks of December the Nielsen that's out you can see that our momentum continues and we were actually up 1 overall in dollars. So it was really cereal and snacks that are specific drivers that again around the past we feel good about our ability to execute moving forward.
Jon Nudi: Yes. So I'd say two things. One, again, as we look at the underlying health of our business through the first half, we feel good about it, as our bass lines were flat, distribution points are heading in the right direction, feel good about innovation and marketing. So the base business feel strong, it was really merchandising that we saw the midst of plan. And as I mentioned before, we have a good line of sight to getting that merchandising back into the back half.  The other thing that I believe Don touched on in the prepared remarks is through the first half, there was a difference between what we reported in RNS and what Nielsen movement was. Some of the drivers there were the Green Giant comp that we had through the first half that goes away as we go into Q3 and into the back half. We did see some significant inventory reductions at some major customers in the first half. As we've had collaborative discussions with those customers, we don't believe that we’ll see another downshift in the back half of this year. And then finally, as Don mentioned, there were some trade phasing that some minor differences that were a bit of a headwind in the first half and become a more of a tailwind in the back half. So really, I think from an execution standpoint, if we get our merchandising where we expected to be continue the baseline strength we believe that we can be where we need to be to deliver for the company.
Jon Nudi: Yes, David what I was just referencing were our retail sales not the net sales, right. Net sales were down and I actually don't have the split on net sales between dry wet and treats, but from a retail standpoint, again wet and treats were driving some nice growth. But in total with dry being the bulk of the business you still saw positive trends there.
