Ken Powell: So, Ken, its Ken Powell, and thank you for the question. I would say that we have albeit Q1 aside. And we can talk in more detail about how that played out in the comparison of this quarter to a year ago and some of the plumbing around that. But I would say in general as we look at price points, as we look at promotional discounts and this sort of thing, we have maintained fairly steady levels there across our categories. But to your general comment on what’s it going to take industry wide, I think all the roads lead to higher levels of innovation. I'm continuing to focus on brand renovation making sure that we have the right level of messaging behind our core brands and new products. I mean, I think ultimately innovation and capitalizing on consumer trends is what gets -- what gets us to higher levels of growth. And the reason we’re so certain of that is because we see that when we get that formula right, we get a very market response from consumers. We talked a little bit about some of the cereal changes in Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Lucky Charms. Last quarter, we’re seeing the response very rapidly. This quarter we have developed now over the last year and a half and launched very good varieties of Greek Yogurt as an example and in support of those with very effective marketing campaigns and it’s very satisfying now for us to see those products to gain traction. We changed the formulation in the positioning of our core Yoplait original and that brand was up double digit this quarter. So behind consumer targeted initiatives, so ultimately the answer to your question, which I think is the right question is innovation, core renovation, strong consumer communication, that will get us where we need to be.
Ken Powell: Rob, let me just jump in and add a couple of comments to your first question which you know had to do with rest of the year. So I think Don explained well that we expect to see sort of reduction or elimination of these negatives that we saw in Q1. You know, coupled with that there are number of positives, I think, that are going to continue to work for us. First of all, as we say we have good marketing initiatives and we have -- we're planning an increase in consumer directed marketing this year. Second of all, yogurt, which you know, has been a drag for the last couple of years is going to be a positive as we go forward. We’re quite encouraged by what we’re seeing there. And then we feel we’d like to start in spite of the comment that we made about China. We do like our start in International especially in Canada and Western Europe which are our biggest markets. We like what’s happening there and we also like what we’re seeing in that convenience and food service business, which is off to a very strong start. So we see a number of positives that we’re going to continue to press for us here over the course of the year. And then as Don said, we have a very good control of costs and overheads, better than plan that will continue. So I think those are kind of the way we’re looking at the balance of the year.
Ken Powell: With M&A, it depends obviously when we are closing Annie's, but I wouldn’t tell you that we signaled through the couple set headwind from a forex standpoint on EPS, so let’s around that to a 1%. You can probably apply that same percent on our net sales if you’re going to get the reported numbers. Annie's is a $200 million, it would be more than that, but then we closed given its growth rate, $1 million business, and we are projecting to close that this calendar year. So we will probably get half a year of sales from that business as well. So add a $100 million for Annie’s or more and take off about a 1% from forex on top of the mid-single-digit guidance that we’ve given you on constant currency. That will probably range in the ballpark.
Ken Powell: We like our new products lineup which I commented on in my remarks. Cheerios Protein is off to a very strong start. The snack products, Strudel, the Nature Valley, they have been good. We think the soups, the light cream soups will be very good. The OEP products that we’ve launched -- Old El Paso, I beg your pardon. Chris, those flavored shelves will be quite good. I mean, as we go down that, our U.S. portfolio, we feel very good about those. The Foodservice -- Convenience and Foodservice business is entirely driven by new product innovation, whether it’s Go-GURT and McDonald’s or new varieties of Greek, new chips, new offerings to K-12s. We like the innovation there, and we have good innovation across Haagen-Dazs and Old El Paso in Europe. So the new products are very much important for us and part of the mix. The issue in Q1 is primarily the trade and the merchandising impact, which, as we said, will normalize as the year goes forward, and those new product contributions I think will be more visible.
Ken Powell: Maybe one other point, Eric maybe one other detail here to point, to make, but it’s worth pointing out, we did see particularly in our dessert mix business this summer Betty Crocker mixes. We saw a very competitive promotional environment there. And if you watch our shares, you saw that business down quite a bit, and as to a lesser extent vegetables. And so I think there were some competitiveness issues there. And as we kind of tactically adjust if you will and head into the fall and winter baking season which is where we concentrate our program, we would expect those businesses which were volume drag also in Q1 again to become more of a contributor.
Ken Powell: Well, thanks Eric. So we are continually looking and reviewing our portfolio and the categories that we’re competing in. And so the answer to your question is that’s an ongoing process and obviously nothing to talk about our report but we are constantly reviewing our portfolio.
Ken Powell: So Bryan, you kind of summarize the number of comments that we made in June on the merchandising environment. And there is more kind of merchandising and promotional offers now seeking what is a limited display space in the store and that is an environment where I think, I should question sort of points out quality can suffer. You see more offshelf kind of pricing. You see more ads without an end isle or you see lots of products at the end of the isle. So there is lots of activity seeking relatively limited space and that’s why for us it's important. First of all that we focused very much on how we execute these events and the brand that we promote and do everything we can to make sure that there are sort of must have promotions. And there are other consumer things that accompany them to make them appealing. So our execution is very important for us in this environment. And as well as just constantly looking at what we do, did it work, what was the ROI and if something didn't work or tactic doesn’t work to apply the same HMM stuff that we do in all of the rest of the business, apply those and get rid of that kind of promotion and try something else. So it is an ongoing process of review and evaluation, making sure the execution is of the highest level because it is a very competitive environment out there as you point out with your question.
Ken Powell: Very much so and also just to highlight, it’s very much about that. It’s certainly not about depth of discount or anything like that. I mean, we think those are -- it’s not about going in that direction. It’s all about the execution of the entire program.
Ken Powell: Yeah. I’d love to, obviously, we think it’s a terrific equity. It’s a very, it’s a unique equity in that organic space sort of it’s an all family equity. Its mom’s buying organic products for herself and for her family and the kids, which is a very attractive positioning within the organic space. They’ve -- as you know, they’ve had consistent very strong growth and we think that the brand is very flexible and very expandable, giving that -- given that broad positioning and gatekeeper target. So we really like the positioning and the reason we bought it is because of that flexibility and the growth opportunity. There are also some sort of business model opportunities that I think will result from the combination of Annie's with General Mills. First of all, we just have more sales force capacity that we can bring to Annie's and that means that we are very confident that we can continue to increase the distribution of those brands and that’s a good opportunity for us. There are numerous margin expansion opportunities for -- with Annie's, everything, can from the sourcing and how ingredients are brought in to the logistics and how we reach customers, all of the other internal supply chain, HMM things. We think there are many opportunities here and we have actually jointly discussed these opportunities with Annie's management and they are quite excited by those opportunities. And then again, they will just be some cost savings that we can capture as a corporate entity, Annie's becomes part of General Mills. One other thing that I’d like to add, they have terrific marketing and sales capability, particularly as it relates to the natural and organic channel. They really focused there and that is going to be an opportunity for the entire General Mills natural and organic portfolio. We think that they can really help us to accelerate the growth of our existing portfolio brands. So, anyway, I am not going to tell you, how high is up that we are awfully excited by that brand and what we can do to help it grow faster and more profitably and what Annie's can do to help us with the rest of our natural/organic portfolio. We think it’s going to be really good combination.
Ken Powell: Yeah. No. That’s very fair. We learn that lesson about 15 years ago, when we first acquired Small Planet Foods and we have -- we learned a tremendous amount from these various natural and organic companies that we’ve acquired over the years. We've been very good. I think about leaving them alone. Let them do that thing. We will retain Annie's headquarters in Berkeley. These are very talented people. They build a -- built a really good brand. And key is just to figure out where we have capabilities that can really help them and bring them those capabilities which they are actually eager to -- eager to have to accelerate the growth of this thing.
Ken Powell: Yeah. So the situation in China, I think, is partly macroeconomic and partly, and I think very specifically related to government policies around gifting and entertainment and these sorts of things that has a very direct impact on some of our channels, our gifting programs through our Häagen-Dazs cafes for an example. So there is sort of a very specific impact. In Brazil even with the sort of the economic slowdown, we are seeing consumer food sales not just in our categories, but broadly across the industry continue to be a pretty solid. And obviously, we’re participating in that. And also, I would say, John, that our products are very well targeted to, if you will, the solid working and middle class in Brazil. So our price points are good. These are very much everyday products for most consumers. And so we think that they are very well-positioned to be resilient even during a period of some slowdown in Brazil.
Ken Powell: Well, I mean, it means that we're staying with our guidance because that's the way the business looks to us right now as we look forward, but we do acknowledge that the environment is more challenging, so there is some risk around that profile. But we do think because of the factors that we talked about earlier in the call, which is that we -- the trade which was a primary issue this quarter, the trade will normalize, some of the bigger volume drags will strengthen, coupled again with the positive momentum that we have in a number of areas of the business. Those factors all combined and then again on the -- with well controlled on the cost side, we are guiding to our full year guidance for the year and that we will recover there as we go through the next three quarters. I think the wildcard is the category and we don't know whether they’re going to be a headwind, a tailwind, or a neutral. I think that’s the unknown right now. We’re encouraged somewhat by what we’re seeing over the last several weeks. They seem to be strengthening, but whether that’s going to be a headwind or a tailwind remains to be seen. But in any event, our job is to execute around innovation and core brand renovation and make sure we’ve got strong consumer programs drive the business that way and that's our plan, we like the plans that we have and that’s why we feel confident right now about maintaining guidance.
Don Mulligan: Yeah. Chris, this is Don. It really goes back to the point that Ken touched on that one into -- in terms of the phasing of our merchandising, as we talked about in June or July in our Investor Day. We’ve seen drop in merchandising effectiveness. We, General Mills, we the industry have seen that and it does take some time to reset the plans. And so we knew that the year unfolded that our merchandising expense whether you look at it as a percent of sales or cost per sold case, it will come down on year-over-year comparisons. But it’s going to take couple of quarters to work it through so that’s one of the reason that we signal that we expected lower profit in the first quarter versus last year where we still see full-year growth in the high-single digits.
Don Mulligan: Minimal projects entry as John said, we’re going to be starting that effort this year. We’ll see significant savings starting in ‘16. We’re not making that a great deal this year. It’s mostly going to come from our overhead efforts. And obviously there is the ongoing both HMM efforts that we see within our COGS, within our overhead expenses. First, when we you start the year like we have, everyone is tightening their belt a bit from an admin standpoint. And the one thing I would notice is that we did see growth in our media support. So that's one area because we have good ideas to drive growth in some of our key segment and some of our key platforms. We haven't cut back. What we’re doing it is really an overhead in some of those project areas we discussed. We’re still targeting the $40 million for this year and it would be something larger in F‘16.
Don Mulligan: So let me start with the USRO profit first and then I’ll frame up the Q1 if you thinking about the profit decline in the first quarter for USRO. You know about half of that was because of the trade phasing and the merchandising effectiveness we talked about. There was another, probably third from negative mix, product mix and then a bit from volume. As I said, we didn’t -- we held our media investment behind, some of the good ideas that Ken took us through. So as the year unfolds, we expect a couple of things to happen. First, our price mix will improve as the merchandising effectiveness evens out and our trade spends phasing rebalances versus last year again as we -- as we try to highlight. Not only is there a merchandise effectiveness opportunity for us, we also set absolutely lower trade spend in our first quarter last year versus balance of that year and this year the phasing is really reverse of that. So that will be the first thing. Second is we do expect volumes to improve. We look at the phasing of last year’s volume growth. The comps get easier as the year unfolds. And so we expect that to improve. And then we expect the mix as well not to be as negative in the first quarter as it was in the first quarter. So that -- and again strong overhead control and some of the benefit of that $40 million in overhead savings will accrue to our U.S. retail business. Those are the factors that give us confidence. So we’re going to see better profit as the year unfolds. In terms of the restructuring charges, as I hope you understand, we want to make sure that we inform everybody internally on what those changes are before we start talking about numbers either in terms of positions or dollars. What I will tell you is that there will be some severance of fixed asset write-offs, probably about half of it will be non-cash when we do give you the figures.
Don Mulligan: Yeah, Rob, I think it is fair to say there’s going to be probably a mix shift if you look at how the year started for us. We said we’re going to be down in the first quarter. We were -- we're actually on the bottom line working materially of our own internal plan. But we did have some favorable results in Convenience and Foodservice and International offset by some weaker than planned results in USRO. I think those trends will probably have some impact on our full-year outlook for those businesses.
Don Mulligan: And Eric what I will detail also is Ken shared that chart on a market share performance. And while the categories aren’t growing at the rate that we had maybe originally planned, our competitive situation is pretty strong. We have two-thirds of our growing share and two-thirds of our category sales. And so I think that would not happen without some meaningful contributions from our new products.
Don Mulligan: The other thing, John, I’d add in Brazil is that one of the consumer behaviors we’ve seen is the shift to the smaller mom-and-pop stores. And one of the real strong capabilities that we acquired with Yoki was a national sales force that was deeply ingrained in those channels. And we think that’s play into our advantage today as well.
Don Mulligan: David, as we -- as John reiterated today, we still expect 3% inflation for the year. We think it's fairly evenly distributed during the year, so we don't necessarily see any unique quarterly facing. HMM, our productivity savings from HMM are similar. So one of the reasons that we remain confident in guiding to a higher gross margin is because with inflation at 3% and HMM productivity savings over $400 million, we look at that as a net offset at least and part of that came through in the first quarter which is why it really wasn’t a contributing factor year-over-year.
Don Mulligan: And David, what I would add to that is, as I said, we came close to our internal plan on EPS, but the mix was very different. We absolutely do not plan for the full year for International or for Convenience and Foodservice we are growing midteens in profit. So there are some puts and takes in the first quarter that some came toward us and some went against us. The overriding one that, we are going to be working on and watching as the year unfolds is the U.S. thorough topline volume growth, because we do expect that to go from a negative in the first quarter to a positive, while we are working through the merchandising effectiveness. So any caution around the category performance, the industry performance really reflects that area for us and that is where the, that’s where our key focus is right now as we think about the rest of the year in our financial performance.
Don Mulligan: Yes. Alexia, Annie's, obviously, it set a place for us in terms of, it’s kind of businesses that we are looking for here in the U.S., which is around the natural organic better for you areas. We have done smaller acquisitions, this was the largest one in that space and we feel good about that. And our focus outside the U.S. remains on emerging markets. As we have talked before, Indonesia, India, finding that next leg if you will to add what we have in China and what we purchased in Brazil, can remains on our focus and those would be in -- the U.S. ones could be on the smaller side, we’ve done small to large ones, internationally there could be a mix as well, although, if we go into a country like Indonesia, similar to our entry into Brazil, we want to look for something with some size and capabilities to bring -- that had size capabilities, as well as strong brands.
