Jeff Harmening: Yes. Thanks for that question. I think it's primarily a matter of a couple of things. The first is our historical track record. I me we brought Small Planet Foods into this $10 billion business over a decade ago and we have been growing at double digits since we have done that. And so we are used to operating natural and organic businesses out of Minneapolis and have done it for quite a while. In addition to that, we have had several brands, including Liberte and Immaculate in our baking business that we have had in our operating units for some time already and we have liked how they performed. And far from getting lost, what we have found is that not only have we been able to grow those businesses but also the understanding of the natural and organic consumer and what they are looking for has actually rubbed off on the rest of the people in the business. And so we think that there is an opportunity, not only to accelerate our growth for our natural and organic brands within these operating units, but also that the consumer understanding we generate there will have benefits for our other brands as well.
Jeff Harmening: That's right and so when we look at it, we have a good understanding of where the consumer is and we feel like we have a really good understanding of where they are going. Whether it's in better-for-you snacking or whether it's in wellness or what they expect of the economic value for their products. And so, because we feel like we have a good idea, when we innovate well and we spend behind it, we like the results. And I will give you a couple of examples. Look at Yoplait Original Yogurt, which is up double digits. And it's all behind the renovation of the product and advertising behind the insight that Yoplait Original is really a better-for-you snack that the whole family loves. And so when we see that we can drive growth on that. The same would be true of Cinnamon Toast Crunch and adding cinnamon and giving a product that delights consumers and executing well against that. The same would be true of Old El Paso when we have flavored shelves and we come out and we grow that business by double digits. And so we see a lot of opportunities and we see those opportunities. We need to pair that with where the consumer is going and we need to invest behind those. And so as Ken said, it really is about innovation and increasing the levels of innovation. We have an innovation that's going to be meaningful to where consumers are and where they are going to be.
Jeff Harmening: To build on that, it really is in the U.S., we expect our advertising and media expense to be down just a little bit for the year. So it really is primarily a matter of timing for the quarter and in terms of the vehicles we invest in, we have a really good idea about the vehicles and what they return and how they work. Whether that is through social media or search or TV or sampling and so we allocate our dollars according to what we think is going to be most effective and we have a good idea across vehicles what that looks like.
Jeff Harmening: It's not really a matter of the vehicles changing effectiveness versus what we have seen historically. But we want to make sure that we are investing behind the programs and initiatives that are going to be most valuable for our consumers and the messages that is going to rally resonate with them. So it really is not a matter of seeing less effectiveness. It is a matter of making sure that we are spending our shareholder money wisely behind initiatives that the consumer is going to value.
Jeff Harmening: Well, as we look forward, like anytime, there are puts and takes. And while it is certainly true that consumers, especially at the lower end of the economic scale, are still challenged. That I think will not change. Having said that, certainly having lower gas prices, if that remains to be the case going forward, that should be helpful. And as should the fact that we are lapping reductions in the snack programs which we started lapping in November. And so you know, those two things, I think are positive and help balance out what we still think will be a challenging environment.
Jeff Harmening: Mostly what we are factoring in our back half guidance, John, is how we assess the innovation that we have and the programs and initiatives. We really look at what we are controlling and what we are doing. It's nice that, we might have what was a bit of a headwind now becomes a tailwind. But that's not strategy for us. That's the environment. It's still on us to do things that drive growth. And so as we think about the back half or look at the back half, we are looking at the new products and the marketing initiatives and these kinds of things and we think those are going to help us push it forward a bit here over the next two quarters.
Jeff Harmening: As we look at Cheerios, what I would tell you is that our base business, which is the non-promoted business has gotten better, quarter-to-quarter as look from the first quarter to the second quarter. and certainly part of it is the new product introduction of Cheerios protein but also we have seen improvements on our regular core yellow box Cheerios or original Cheerios and on Honey Nut Cheerios. And for us, I think the key is to make sure that we keep Cheerios, whether it is through product renovation or whether it is through new products, that we keep it relevant for our consumers. So we are looking for things that are minimally processed. And certainly talking about oats and Cheerios, it is something we have started to do and we like the way that looks. But we think we also have more work to do on Cheerios, whether it is through new products or the renovation that we currently have and we will be excited to tell you more about some more specifics about those plans when we come to CAGNY in February.
Jeff Harmening: A couple of things on Annie's. I am glad you asked about Annie's. Most importantly, first the performance of Annie's actually accelerated in the second quarter of this year and so it was the testament to the Annie's leadership team as well as how we are integrating it within General Mills. Beyond that, we see a lot of opportunity with Annie's in growth. The first is through distribution of their existing products. The second, I would say as I talked about, is expansion into some new categories. And Annie's had been planning from expansions. We think we can complement that with some of our own capabilities. And so while I am ready to talk about specifics of what those look like right now, again in a couple months, I will be more than happy to share the direction. But we see growth opportunities for Annie's and for us it's most important as a matter of prioritizing ones we want to go after first, because we see so many opportunities, both in the distribution and in entering new categories.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. My addition to that would be that when we talk about innovation, we have to be careful that we don't only about in terms of new product, but also the renovation of our existing portfolio. And we need to do both. For us, it's an add. We need big sustainable new items, but we also need to make sure that we are renovating our product mix to we keep them relevant. And when we do that and we do that well, we really like what we see. That's why I have highlighted Cinnamon Toast Crunch this morning, whose baselines have grown at 20% in the last quarter. It's based on better product. That's why we have highlighted gluten-free Chex, whose turnaround was not based on new product innovation, but was based on innovation of the existing product and the same would be true of Yoplait Original. And so, Jason, I think the observations you make, as Ken said, is fair. But I think one of the things that we are really focused on is we are making sure the we are innovating, not only on our new product line, but also on making sure that we are renovating our existing products.
Jeff Harmening: Well, as we look about what we need to do going forward, it really is a matter of increasing the amount of innovation we have and whether that's on existing products or the new products. That is our number one priority. But in addition to that, we need to back that up with spending behind those good ideas that we have, which is why Don earlier talked about making sure that we are going to be reinvesting some of the savings we generate from program such as Catalyst and Century into topline growth. The other key, I think, is that as we look at our new product lineup, we are really focused on the sustainability of our new items. And for that reason, we will have fewer new items in our second half, but we will have bigger new items in our second half. And this focus on making sure that our new product innovation is sustainable, big sustainable new items, I think is going to be important for us. And it goes back to the question that was asked just a minute ago. So for us to return our U.S. business to growth, it really is a matter of sustainable new product innovation backed by increasing levels of core brand innovation and marketing expenditures that back those things up.
Don Mulligan: I will just expand on the point on balance. Eric, as you know, our return model to shareholders has always been balance between earnings growth and cash return. When you talk about growth versus margin expansion or sales growth versus margin expansion, I would apply the same balance term to it. We are going to generate a sizable amount of savings as we talked about today. We are going to reinvest a portion of that to help drive growth, which is by far the most sustainable way to create value for our shareholders. We are also going to use a part of it to protect our margins. Hence you are going to see a very balanced approach to how we look going forward and again very similar to what we have done in a larger scale between our earnings and cash, apply the same thought process and approach to sales growth and margin.
Don Mulligan: No. Matt, the quarter actually came in largely as we expected. There was a little bit of phasing on expenses that helped the quarter, but not good enough, obviously for us to more our full-year expectations. But what I would say about the quarter, it was very solid versus what our expectations were and that provides a little extra dose of confidence as we think about delivering our full-year guidance. But I wouldn't take anything away from the quarter in terms of the flavor of the full year is really more expense phasing in the quarter.
Don Mulligan: Jason, obviously we are comfortable, otherwise we wouldn't have done it. But we came into the year with our leverage ratios little lower than our long-term goals. And so we had, if you will, have an opportunity to lever a little bit. Annie's gave us a great use for those funds. And that's actually what's driving the leverage. It's not the share repurchases and dividends. It's the fact that we bought a great new property in Annie's and given our balance sheet strength to be able to pay for it fully in debt. So we feel very comfortable with our capital position.
Don Mulligan: Yes. We have seen some pair of movements in a couple of areas you have mentioned, but we also, with the California drought earlier this year, seeing some ingredient cost increase. We are seeing sugar increasing. So there is enough offset there. And plus you factor in the hedge position that we came into the year with. We do see a pretty stable. Inflation as the year unfolds. Right at that 3%.
