Ken Powell: Okay, let me take your first one first. Terry, we did have a very effective Box Tops promotion event at the end of the quarter there in August. Box Tops is a terrific platform. It wasn't just on cereal, it was across many of our brands because that's a cross-category vehicle for us as you know. And retailers love it, because not only are consumers clipping these box top coupons but many of our retailers are able to tie in with their local schools as part of this event. So it's really a terrific event and it resulted in very high quality merchandising for us. And by that I mean retailers really like to display these items. So that's what you saw at the end of that quarter, and Box Tops is a great platform. We'll continue to use that program that we've developed internally here over the last 10 years. But fundamentally, our outlook for Big G rests on the fact that our core brands continue to be strong. We have very good marketing programs across the top brands, and we think that will drive steady gains. And we have a couple more new products that we think will be very good, that we'll be launching here in the third quarter. So we're quite optimistic about the outlook for Big G cereals here as we go forward into this year.
Ken Powell: Well, what we've seen, Terry, is across a couple of categories is what you pointed out, which is there was unusually heavy level of promotional support behind third and fourth brands in a number of categories this summer, and I think the results are apparent. The lifts that our retailers would have gotten from that activity would have been similar to what you get on another brand, but off a base that is much smaller. And so I think the lesson there is you just can't drive the category with those smaller brands. And so as we look forward to our marketing and merchandising program here over the next couple quarters, we're very confident that you'll see very good levels of support behind our high-turning key brands.
Ken Powell: We're seeing what you're seeing. We're seeing - first of all it looks like the trends are improving across a number of categories. We are seeing a number of them that have been growing and so the category for frozen entrees is up, yogurt category growing very strongly, snacks growing strongly, the organic category, which you pointed out, after it being dead in its tracks in the early part of the recession, coming back strongly now. And so it is a mixed bag right now, but I guess what I would say generally is that it looks to us like the categories are starting to all move in a good direction. As we said, we saw our soup business started to pick up a little bit towards the end of the quarter. So our outlook is that as we move into the end of summer and fall and all of our programs go into play we'll see those categories continue to improve.
Ken Powell: Well, I think that you make a lot of good points there and I think that - and I don't want to speculate on how they think about their tactics at any given point in time, but I will tell you that we're out there telling our story and with our facts very very clearly about the power of those big brands in categories to really drive traffic into their stores and to drive category momentum, and we're pretty confident that you're going to see those big category moving brands accelerate here as we move into the year.
Ken Powell: Well there a couple of ways to look at it. First of all, HMM stands for "holistic" margin management, which is a complete approach to margin management, but our goal with that program was to create a number of tools that we could use to help us manage margin growth over time, including all the things that you're very well aware of that we do in our plants, and in our supply chain. But also mix has been a huge driver of margin management over the last several years - the efficiency with which we execute our merchandising programs. We want to hold those case rates as close as comparable year to year and we do that by really evaluating every promotion that we do and make sure that the tactics we use are very efficient. But list price increases are also part of that, and always have been. So we haven't taken that particular tool out of the tool box. It's still there. Our view is that as we see - our belief as you know is that we're going to see inflation here at 4-5% a year. We think that's what we should expect on an ongoing basis in a normal year, and in that kind of a year our goal would be to offset much or most of that with HMM or other techniques, but we would also be very confident in that kind of environment that we could take some pricing to get all the way to [bright] and frankly, we've been able to do that going back decades. And we think we're moving into that kind of environment where HMM, and a little mix, and efficiency all over, and a little bit of pricing, and you get to where you need to be.
Ken Powell: No. And this is not the kind of thing we'd be discussing with you. As you know we never talk about pricing prospectively.
Ken Powell: So Vincent, thank you for that question. And really, our analysis was that as we looked at the category really the top turning higher-margin SKUs on the shelf - from all manufacturers - really the taste-oriented items. In our line that would be products like our Rich and Hearty line, our Vegetable Classics, and these really tend to be in the top third or the top quarter. But they had been squeezed a little bit over the last two or three years by a proliferation of health varieties from many manufacturers. And those varieties are also very important. For instance, our Progresso Light soups have been a tremendous contributor. But we just went and looked at the data and went in and shared that with our retail partners and said look, we think we're a little bit out of balance here and we ought to make sure that we've got the very top-turning items in a good place on the shelf. And they very much agreed with that point of view, and so we've reset things and we've got, as we pointed out in the presentation, a number of our taste top-turning SKUs in the mix here, and we think that will be positive for the category. We don't really know how it will shake out in terms of whether they expand it or where it comes from, but what we do know is that they like the idea of really returning the category to appropriate focus on taste SKUs.
Ken Powell: The most concrete thing, where there's data that we can all look at and evaluate for June, July, and August has to do with this merchandising comment that we've made to you coupled with some other things in selected categories and we've already commented about a significant recall in the cereal category, which clearly had an impact on the category in July. So since you're talking about data and information, that's what we can support. We also hear anecdotes about pantry loading or de-loading, but we can't really tie it back to very solid data, and so if we could we would, and if we ever do have it we will share it with you, but we're focusing right now on the things that we can see.
Ken Powell: As you may have pointed out in your question there's been a gradual shift over many years to mass channels, whether it's super stores or club stores. Those have been growing segments and we would expect to see that continue going forward, although at a moderated rate. But we think that's going to continue and we've had a high focus on those channels and have done well there. So that continues to be an area of focus and opportunity and not just super stores, which are obviously important to us, but club stores have been an exciting growth area for the industry. Dollar stores have been very very high growth for the industry. You see more and more seniors buying their food in pharmacies, the big mass pharmacy chains. And so there's a lot of opportunity there. And we also talk about C stores, which slowed down in the recession, but we're now starting to see some growth in convenience stores. So our objective here is to bring the right kind of resources and the right focus and innovation to all of these, all of our channels. And that's served us very very well and has resulted in good growth for us in many of these emerging channels.
Ken Powell: Okay Rob, let me answer the first question first, and I do remember sharing - I think Ian Friendly shared that data with you a year ago, and this is good data that we have on our channels that shows that our Big G cereals are - versus their market share - are quite a bit under-indexed in terms of share of distribution on the shelf. And we think that's very accurate data, and what happens when you have that situation is - I think it can result in higher out-of-stocks than you ought to have, because you don't have the sort of staying power on the shelf, and loss of important sales to our regional partners. And so as we've been out there telling that story - and bringing good new products and with the strength of our brands, it's been very persuasive and we're gaining distribution. And there's quite a bit more to gain there. I don't remember how big the gap was, but it was significant. And my colleagues are giving me a piece of paper here that says our share of shelf was up again in the first quarter, so we continue to make good progress on that. And we think it's good for us, but we also think it's good for our retailers because it's just more holding power for them and fewer lost sales.  In terms of my comment on gradual, I think it says, very broadly speaking, from an economic point of view we know that inflation is here. It's back, and it's going to be 4% or 5% for us this year, and I think you're probably hearing similar numbers from most everybody else. And I think that we're rational in that as those signals are picked up and absorbed the tendency will be to find ways to absorb that, and we strongly believe that one of those will be a moderation in the merchandizing environment. And so when it happens is difficult to predict. I think you all know that retail execution calendars around promotion takes a while. It can take six, eight months before they move from one planning cycle to another. So it can take some time, but we believe gradually you're going to see a moderation. Wish I could give you more details, but we'll see it happen gradually over time is the best we can do.
Ken Powell: Well Judy, you kind of answered your own question. We're doing well in Nielsen-measured channels and we're doing very well in the other channels. So there's good correlation between our consumer sales and our net sales. We did very well in channels this quarter.
Don Mulligan: Actually if you look at translation and transaction for the quarter, it was essentially neutral across our business. It was actually about a $0.03 drag in last year's first quarter, because of the transaction impact, primarily. But this year it was about flat for the quarter. And as we look at the full year, as we guided in July we still expect a $0.02 to $0.03 favorability for the year.
Don Mulligan: I'll take this one. You see from the sales mix we did have a positive mix on the top line. As we look at our gross margin we didn't see a drag from mix. We saw a slight positive from mix and our gross margin as well. I think that somewhat addresses Terry's question as well in terms of as the retailers actions from a promotional standpoint caused a drag to us. And if you look at our total gross margin mix the answer would be no.
Don Mulligan: On a cost-per-case basis for us last year, we were probably up $0.05, but actually we were down sequentially from Q4 of F10. 
Don Mulligan: You know, Chris, as we closed the first quarter we didn't see any significant difference in what we call our grain merchandising earnings from previous year. We feel good certainly about how the segment performed in the quarter in total. But as we look at the full-year outlook it remains as it was at the beginning of the year.
Don Mulligan: It's a good question. You know, we're obviously, last year, lapping substantial gross margin expansion with 500 basis points. And we are starting to see input cost inflation returning. And plus, as I mentioned in the July meeting, as we put additional growth capital in place we are incurring certain project expenses related to those projects. And those tend to be front-loaded because we have those capacity projects already underway. So that will be a bit more of a drag in the first half than you'll see in the second half. From an HMM standpoint, very robust, remains on track to the levels we indicated in July. There could be some timing between inflation and HMM in any given quarter, but at a four-year basis we still feel very good about our HMM pipeline and where we're tracking. I did mention that mix was probably a slight favorable for the quarter as well. So as you add it all up there's going to be some movement quarter to quarter. In the first quarter what I'd highlight again the return of inflation, some of the project expenses, and some of the operating leverage that we touched on as well. But when we look at the full year, we still remain very confident that we'll be able to deliver the 39.7% that we had last year.
Don Mulligan: What I would add is - I think what we've seen is if you bring meaningful benefit to the consumer, and you support your brand, you're going to see growth across your categories. Yoplait, or yogurt, is a good example, where we've seen the Greek segment, which is certainly a higher-priced item, drive growth, both for the segment and for us as well. So there's certainly still some choppiness and some concern about consumer confidence, but what we've seen is that that mass market is still there if you bring the right benefit and you support them correctly.
Don Mulligan: I wouldn't read that much into it. I'm just saying that you're not always going to have a perfect match between inflation and HMM in any given quarter. I wouldn't say HMM is specifically back-loaded. I think the unique thing in the early part of the year that you see in the first quarter in particular is the timing of our project expenses related to capital and capacity expansions, which are front-loaded. And then in the first quarter we had particularly strong operating leverage last year and so we rolled over that as well. And that's again more of a single-quarter issue.
Don Mulligan: And Mitch, the only thing I'd add - in terms of soups it was in our set, the microwave soup, for the ones that came out. And then the retailers looked at their slower-turning and I think we've shown you statistics before about where Progresso sits in that, and we tend to have a higher portion of the higher-turning SKUs. And so the combination of those two things is what gives us confidence. Not only are we getting more distribution but it's a healthier shelf set overall for the category.
Don Mulligan: Based on the best data we have, we can see two things. One is the non-measured channels growing significantly faster than the measured channels. And then second is gaining share in those non-measured channels. Whereas if you look at the all-channels, if you will, the all-universe, we're confident we actually gained share overall. We lost it in the Nielsen but we picked it up in the non-measured channels.
Don Mulligan: Well, I think a couple things to keep in mind. First off, grains are less than 10% of our total spend, so our name may be General Mills, but we're not all grain-based. With that said, we have seen a mix. We are 65% hedged as Ken alluded to, so that's going to see us through some of those near-term spikes, and we've seen some things come down too. Resin packaging for example is probably down a bit from what we had originally planned, so we see some offsets and it keeps us in that same 4% to 5% mix that we saw that we guided to in July. So we haven't changed that number in total.
Don Mulligan: And Judy I mentioned earlier that we had some market share gains in the non-measured channels that more than offset the share loss in the Nielsen's. That was particularly so in Big G. We had a particularly strong quarter in Big G in the non-measured channels in share gains. And so that's what's helping drive our shipment numbers for the quarter.
Don Mulligan: For the all-channel, we still see some negative trends in cereal and it's for the reasons that Ken took us through in terms of the promotional calendar and the stronger promotion behind the third and fourth brands. And the competitive recall as well. We talked about both those items.
Don Mulligan: You know, Judy, we came into the year knowing that the early portion would be a challenge. We're seeing renewed inflation, we're seeing slower economic growth in the developed markets, but you hit the most important factor, which is we faced our own tough comps. We're pleased where Q1 came in. It came in as we expected, and approximately as we communicated to you in July. But as we look forward those tough comps will continue, so we do expect our financial results to track more in line with last year's results in the near term with the full year still very much on the mark to what we had communicated. So part of it is going to be rolling over the comps and part of it, again as we communicated in July, is our expectation that with inflation returning we will see some easing on the promotional side as our fiscal year unfolds.
Don Mulligan: Yes, obviously we're very pleased with how the joint ventures have started our fiscal year, but we don't have any change in our guidance for the full year.
