Kendall Powell: Yeah, so it will improve - we expect it to be flat in the second half Chris behind the activity that I talked about, which we can go into in later questions. But there is quite a bit more renovation, new products in the second half and so based on that there is more promotional event oriented promotional activity and there is also stronger media support. So we do expect that consumer movement to improve in the second half based on the phasing of our activities. 
Kendall Powell: Just to -- Andrew, maybe just to build on that a bit our media spend was down in the first half and will be in the U.S. and will be flat in the second half, our merchandising spending was down low-single digits in the first half, will be up in mid-single digits in the second half. So there is a significant phasing component to the way that year was planned and will unfold and we expect to see those second half activities give us a good return and some stronger consumer movement.
Kendall Powell: Thanks for that David. So yes lower cereal promotion was part of the plan; we do have as you said gluten-free renovation, which is very important news for us which came on into the second quarter and that will continue very strongly into the second half, we have a couple of more events, but lower promotion was planned; we had fewer new products in the first quarter compared to some important new product launches a year ago and so there was less merchandising activity there. I would say the thing that we anticipated but came out at us a little bit harder was decline in promotion in our largest customer and I think you’re well aware of clean store initiative and just trying to get their stores more focused on the most important merchandising activities. We anticipated that the impact was a little more than we expected and that resulted in a significantly less display there. And also we anticipated this as well but a little more than we thought just adjustment of inventory as they move towards that policy. So, that was an area that we did expect, but was a little more a deeper impact than we had planned for.
Kendall Powell: Sure. The consumer response has been very positive the baseline turns and so full priced non-promoted, sort of just true core baseline turns have been up very nicely through the first three months of that period even with that one week impact from the recall they’re up between 3% and 4%. So we’re quite pleased with how that has worked out for us so far I mean obviously the recall was a stumble, but the fundamental consumer reaction is in line if not a little bit better than we anticipated at this point. And we’re going to continue to support that initiative quite heavily in the second half with more merchandising folk events and continued very good advertising.
Kendall Powell: Yeah and the only thing I would add to that is those margin moves around product renovation are they’re obviously there, but in the context of our ongoing HMM programs and the restructuring initiatives we have underway and the zero based focus we have on administrative spending. I mean they’re relatively minor in the larger picture and that sort of explains our conviction around our gross margin expansion goals.
Kendall Powell: No I think I’ll come on to your brand comment I think the issue is in the first half is primarily this kind of change in the merchandising context in the category that’s clearly what happened driven by these dramatic declines in milk prices and as you know very-very well I mean we want to be in the zone on promotion, but that’s not how we try to win. And so -- but we did see ourselves lagging the market there and we’re going to adjust very carefully as we move into the second half and our performance will strengthen, but that was clearly the reason for what happened in the category in the first half and well beyond that.  To your comment on the brand portfolio we have now that’s a really good thing you should like that we’ve got great core cup equity obviously in Yoplait, we’ve come on very effectively over the last couple of years with our Greek varieties, but actually products like Liberté which have a different positioning and naturalness and this sort of thing they are participating in another high growth segment of the market now and they are doing really well and the organic sector of the yogurt market is growing double digit and Annie’s is a fantastic brand to put into that segment and that was a long held desire of Annie’s when it was an independent company, but they didn’t have the capability. So actually the fact that we have brands tailored to different consumers and different segments some of which are very high growth that’s a tailwind for us right now we like that.
Kendall Powell: Sure so just a reminder internationally we focus on five global platforms cereal, ice-cream, yogurt, meals and snacking and you know we’ve been focusing our efforts on emerging markets first China, Brazil and then EMEA trying to broaden out our footprint. With regard to bolt-on acquisitions we are open to that and looking for that. The thing that the key difference between our businesses in the emerging world versus U.S. and Canada is we are not very broad. So we believe we can find -- if we can find the right bolt-on acquisition because our strategy has been to build first and foremost infrastructure and pipes in places like China, Brazil and India and then to start filling it out with those platforms. So I think we are looking I mean as part of our strategy but then obviously we can’t control the pace because it’s really what’s available and what we like with.
Kendall Powell: No, I think so thanks for the question Ken. So and just to your point on soup and baking, I mean we shouldn’t lose the plot those are kind of doing what we wanted them to do and going to have a good soup season there and the baking business has substantially improved. And in cereal and snacks, we did of course have some good news in the second quarter particularly gluten-free Cheerios, which has been very important news and as I said there the baseline movement has been very much what we expected and we really like how that is developing and so that’s been really good. The story for us in the second quarter is that our merchandising just what didn’t have the total impact that we had planned for it to have. So I would say event-by-event as we bring more focus and precision to our merchandising, our lifts were actually little bit higher than we planned, but just the frequency and the overall quantity was less than we thought with some very particular and deep reductions in our largest customer. And so that, we did not anticipate and that caused the underperformance in the second quarter versus what we might have expected, fully expected. And just continuing intense promotional environment in Yoghurt and so as we’ve said now we believe that we have addressed those as we go into the second half and as a result performance will improve.
Kendall Powell: Well, I mean I think you put your finger on it I mean that’s very much cold winter is tend to be good for us and so far it’s been an unusually warm season and we think that that’s a key factor with sort of overall market right now.
Kendall Powell: Okay well I know we didn’t get to everyone’s question. So I’m on the phone all the day so please feel free to give me a call if you have follow-ups. Thanks very much everyone. 
Chris O’Leary: And Chris just to confirm, Ken is referring to the comparable sales obviously in U.S. Retail the second half will suffer from not having Green Giant and not having 53rd week as you’re modeling it. 
Chris O’Leary: The other thing I’ve mentioned Chris is just given the dairy prices and that adds more benefit to the Greek business so that uses more milk. It was also skewed to promotions focused on Greek and clearly our share in Greek is not as high as in the traditional yogurts. So as that evens up in the second half of the year, we think that we’ll get a greater share of the merchandising windows in Yogurt in the back-half.
Chris O’Leary: Yeah, Andrew I think we remained largely on pace for that same kind of mix of reinvestment as Ken alluded to some of the planned merchandising in the first half didn’t happen we’ll see that in the second half. So I would say we’re probably a little lighter in some of that reinvestment in the first half of the year. And as we said we opened the year with a stronger profit performance than we expected in the first quarter and that holds through the first half. And so we’ll see I think a greater portion in plan of our reinvestment in the back half, but I think you’ll see that in advertising, you’ll see it in merchandising and you’ll see it in improved top-line performance as well.
Chris O’Leary: Obviously, it’s a combination of good strong HMM efforts focusing on product mix obviously developed markets growing faster and emerging is contributing to part of that mix effort. But it’s really get solid execution I guess the fundamentals.
Chris O’Leary: No I wouldn’t say, fundamentally no obviously the environment is changing, but I wouldn’t say there’s a sea change of difference out there but we continue to mine.
Chris O’Leary: Well, I’ll get into much more detail in February, so suffice to say we are focused on this. We had a 19% growth in the quarter you got to remember there is also favorable dairy in there and there is a bunch of factors in there. But we are focused on this and we’ve got more levers now that we are firing on, we’ve got HMM, we’ve got Century, we’ve got Compass which will start flowing through. So, I’ll give more details when I see you guys in Cagny.
Chris O’Leary: But I mean in the last quarter our retail movement was still up and we gain share. So we’d like to see the category movement better, but we’re pleased that the effectiveness of our programs are working.
Donal Mulligan: Yeah, well it’s a little bit of both; it’s some price point adjustments and some frequency. I mean we found as the promotional environment got a little hotter in the first half and as you heard in response to lower milk prices, there was just an increase in the pace of activity; frankly we were, just because of the timing of when various things can happen, we were blocked out of certain windows. And so as we’ve moved forward and to adjust our price points and adjust our frequency both on Greek, Chris, and a little bit on core cup as well we know that our promotional frequency and quality will be improved in the second half. 
Donal Mulligan: Yeah, let me -- actually it’s a great point; let me just build on that a little bit on advertising because I’m sure that minus 15 in the quarter might popped up some folks and what I would say is that quarterly advertising expense can be variable. It was minus 10 for the first half, but that includes the ForEx impact and as you can see on sales ForEx has been about 5 point impact. So in constant currency advertising is not down as much as it was looking on a reporting basis.  Now it was planned to be down due to Forex, but also because of some choice we’ve made on our value oriented brands. As Ken alluded to it will be up in the back half on a comparable basis. And even on a reported basis we expect it to be about flat and that’s taking into account Forex and the 53rd week and it will clearly be up on our priority businesses in the U.S. cereal, yogurt across Christmas businesses in International and we expect for the full year that advertising will move in line with sales growth and again up on the full year on those priority businesses.
Donal Mulligan: Yeah first half came in at 170 basis points better we obviously lap some things in the first quarter on merch from F’15; we’ll continue to see expansion in the second half, but it will be less than in the first half where it’s still benefit from strong HMM, but will begin lapping some of the inefficient merchandising we took out last year and as we said we phased some of our merchandising to the second half of this year and inflation will increase in the second half from the first half. So the range of 50 to 100 is still the right guidance I would say coming out of first quarter, but frankly we’re probably moving more toward the high end of that range.
Donal Mulligan: Yeah, Rob. As I said the inflation flow this year is a little bit reverse from last year was higher in the first half last year and then decelerated as the year went on this year is kind of reverse of that. So we are certainly benefiting this year in the first half from lower inflation. Our productivity the $400 million it tends to be fairly stable throughout the year, so there is not really facing to the productivity savings. So the result we’re seeing this year that we’re seeing greater kind of net inflation if you will productivity less inflation that we saw a year ago. And as I said we’re rolling over the merchandising changes that we implemented starting in the second half of last year. So as the year unfold, we will start lapping that piece of it we’ll start seeing inflation accelerate a bit in the back half. Green Giant was a lower gross margin business; its operating margin was actually fine but it’s a lower gross margin business so that will have a little bit of accretive impact on our business as the year unfolds. And there has been a lot of work at our International business and actually if you look in the quarter international was a significant contributor to our gross margin expansion and Chris I don’t know if you want to add a few words on what we’re doing from a margin stand point on our International business.
Donal Mulligan: Yeah well there is part of our investment. It was a smaller piece of our reinvestment. But the other thing that take into effect Rob as we’ve talked about is that you drive a little bit of volume in the businesses from those reformulations and you can see gross margin expansion and I think that you’ve heard Jeff Harmening talked before about our experience with Cinnamon Toast Crunch where as we increase the Cinnamon content we did see higher cost per unit on a variable basis, but even the volume increases and sales increases it were high single to double digits. You leverage the fixed plan and you see gross margin expansion. So really is a case-by-case basis, but we do see reinvestment we often times don’t see a gross margin percentage impact because of the leverage that you get on the plants.
Donal Mulligan: Well I’ll just start with just to reaffirming your point that I can’t control the consensus I can try to influence it, but I can’t control it. We started the year with mid-single digit expectations in our underlying business it’s going to deliver that. We have seen the $0.09 ForEx headwind; I think we started the year with $0.04. So we saw that increase as the year unfolded I’m assuming that the consensus has that factored in appropriately. We gave a range of $0.05 to $0.07 for Green Giant for this year and ends up being $0.07 I’m not -- again I don’t know in the 290 if people were using $0.05 or $0.07. So it’s just -- I don't what peoples’ assumptions were or inputs were on those two measures. And then I think the other thing frankly we had a strong first quarter and I think people might gotten ahead of what the full year was going to look like. And as we said again in the first quarter we had three quarters to go we saw the business performing as we expected. And we’re still on track to deliver what we said back in July.
