Kendall J. Powell: We started to ship most of those products in August. And so you would've seen some build during August, but I would say kind of progressively over that month. But I would say some build, but not a lot in occurring late in the quarter. In terms of the consumer uptake, it's very early days. But it looks like, for instance, Progresso Recipe Starters, looks like that's going to be good. It's off to a good start, obviously. But soup season is in front of us, but our customers certainly like that product, so we feel good about that one. The cereals, I think, went in very well. It got high levels of distribution, and we think that those will do well. And as we've said to you before, we'll have a number of other and additional new cereals coming in January. So we feel pretty good about our new cereal lineup for the year. All the yogurt items went in, and it's early days for those, but they're gaining distribution well. Early returns on Yoplait Greek 100 is that, that is developing very nicely. We're quite pleased with how that one is going. And that's really before the marketing impact really starts to hit on that new item, so we like what we're seeing on that one as well. And then Liberté is just starting a regional role and so it's very early days on that, and we'll report -- we'll give you a more -- in Q2 on Liberté. But generally, we feel quite good about how our new products are going in.
Kendall J. Powell: Well, our goal for the year is sales growth in Yoplait. We'll see accelerating performance, improving performance as we go into the second quarter. We have all these new items on shelf. We turn on the advertising and the consumer activity. So that will really begin to hit in the second quarter and we'll continue that in the third quarter, and so our goal would be to see sales growth there.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes. I mean, there are always movements quarter-to-quarter, Alexia. I mean, I think the point that we want to make is, for a variety of reasons, our pressure was quite a bit below what it was a year ago, and this is all about timing, really, and promotional timing. And we knew it was going to be low in June and July, and it was. And so that will restore itself and rebalance as we move into the second, third and fourth quarters of the year. So ours was low. And our merch volume, as a result, was low year-over-year due to timing issues, and that will be -- that will work itself back to a normal promotional profile here as we go into the next 3 quarters.
Kendall J. Powell: So Andrew, I mean, I think as you know, that is our premise. And we talked about that quite a bit at our year-end meeting in July. And our view is that, okay, we're only a quarter in, but sort of based on the data we're seeing, our view is that's -- that is the data is confirming our premise on what happened and what the outlook is going forward. I mean, clearly, last year, with a very high inflation in the industry, over 10% for us and all the pricing, there's no doubt that, that was the biggest single factor and consumers responded as we predicted they would with lower unit volume sales. So I think we had a chart in our presentation this morning that demonstrated very clearly that as we begin to sequentially lap that period of time, we're seeing the price comparisons moderate and the unit volumes improve for our category. And we are seeing that as well in our business. Now it's not -- this is not a perfect science, and I think it will -- but our belief, our strong belief is that we're going to continue to see that sort of stabilization in consumer prices and recovery of demand as we progress throughout the year.
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I think, Jason, as we continue to see these consumer prices moderate, we do expect our volume to improve continuously over the course of the year. So we are expecting that broadly across the portfolio. We have a number of new products that we're going to be launching, as you know, and the early returns on those is that they're going to be good contributors. So we are expecting our volume in sales trends to improve somewhat in U.S. Retail over the course of the year, and we're very much expecting that to happen.
Kendall J. Powell: Eric, maybe you clarify a little bit. When you say promotion was more aggressive, I mean, are you talking about category promotion or competitive or how -- what -- I'm not...
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I mean, what I would say is -- actually, in Yogurt, for instance, we promoted more aggressively in the first quarter. We saw that -- we saw sequential improvement in core movement over the course of the quarter, and we think that those core brands will continue to improve as we get uptake on that activity, and then we'll add new products to that. And we think that, that combination will lead to continued improvement in our yogurt business. In our cereal business, for instance, our merch -- as I said, our merchandising activity was light compared to year ago, and that led to merch volume declines. And so we'll see a more normal level of merchandising in cereal as we go over the -- into the second and third quarters, and that will, we believe, result in strengthening volume in that business. So it's really, Eric, in the first quarter, there were a number of moving parts on that -- on the merchandising front. As we move into the second quarter, we expect solid levels of merchandising, good levels of new products, and that, in combination, is going to lead to stronger unit volume.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes. Well, I think some of it is just the timing of shipments of new products, and so some pipeline building in the latter few weeks of the quarter. And some of it, I think, Eric, is merchandising pressure across some of our categories in the first quarter, which was not where we wanted it to be. And so we saw a weaker incremental volume for merchandising in those categories. And we expect that to -- we expect that balance to be restored as we move into the second and third quarter.
Kendall J. Powell: So Ken, I think that our expectation for the Greek segment as it really becomes mainstream and there's capacity and scale -- and everybody, we're all kind of focusing on productivity and all the stuff that we do really well. I mean, our expectation is that those prices will come down over time. And I think that we're seeing that. I think that's sort of natural, in a way, almost inevitable. Having said that, we love those typically over $1.00 price points on average for Greek. They look really good to us, especially compared to many other yogurt prices, which are kind of $0.50, $0.60, $0.70. So we like the price point. And we think that now being deeply into it, with multiple product offerings and more to come, we think that's going to be a good business model for us. And whether it's $0.99 or $1.09 or whatever it is, we think we can do just fine with that.
Kendall J. Powell: Well, there are a lot of moving parts in that question. But look, so let me -- let -- well, but let me -- it's a good question, and I understand the intent behind it. But let me sort of -- let me make a first comment. The sales increases over the last couple of years are largely driven by that kind of inflation-driven pricing. So I just think that it's important to keep that in mind. But stepping back a bit, I think the larger context for us on advertising is that we've increased our levels very, very significantly over the last several years. I think we're up close to 50%. I think some of the tracking services have us now as the largest advertiser in the industry. And we have very, very solid shares of voice in the vast majority of our categories. In many cases, they're increasing. So we're very committed to advertising. It drives our business. But I think, as we've said several times over the last year, I mean, we're -- our goal at these levels is to kind of in line with sales or to be roughly at this level. And you're right. As we enter a period where there's -- the merchandising environment is very dynamic, as we saw in the first quarter this year, we do want to make sure that we're paying very close attention to what we need to do to be in the right value zone in terms of price points and merchandising. I think it's really important for us to do that given the mindset of the consumer these days. So we are going to be making tactical trade-offs there. But I will tell you, having said that, our advertising is and will be at very, very high levels and at very competitive, very strong share of voice. But we want to keep that value component. We want to be focused on that as well and make sure that our products are in the right zone.
Kendall J. Powell: It's a good question, Robert, and I'll give you some thoughts, and I think Don wants to jump in as well. And I think the short answer now is, it's something that we have to be thinking about, because we will -- with the drought, in grains like, clearly, corn, we'll exit the year with very low stocks, and so very low stocks which signal that even more volatility than usual in the corn crop depending on how it starts to develop. But it's too early to say. I mean, we kind of have to see how things go around the world and just how the harvest begins to build develop as we go into F '14. But we will be -- we'll have to watch that very, very closely. Don, I don't know if you would add anything to that.
Kendall J. Powell: So soup, as you said, we had a very strong start to the year in soup. I mean, we've got a good proposition there with very good innovation and very good marketing, and so we have good momentum there. Mexican food is progressing, is doing okay. Our issue is skillet meals, helpers, which are down right now. And we think we know what we have to do to correct what's happening in that business. And that's an issue of the right value for the consumer and the right marketing message. And we don't think we're all the way too bright, frankly, on either one of those things right now. But we think we know what we have to do to stabilize and restore momentum on that business and, obviously, that's something that we're going to be focusing on here as we move into the balance of the year.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. A couple of things broke favorably -- 2 or 3 things broke favorably in the quarter that we only get visibility until -- to the end. International had a strong quarter across a number of markets. China was a significant contributor, for example. But as you can imagine, you're closing the books across 25 different markets, and if they all break a little favorable, it adds up, and that's really what happened in international. So the broad strengths of that business played through. And then the other piece you saw on the tax rate. Some of that was favorably impacted by international or from an earnings mix standpoint. But as you also understand, tax rate can be a little bit volatile just in terms of how you close out open audits, and we have audits across states in different countries. We closed those out during the course of the year. We had some favorable audit closures in the first quarter that benefited the rate as well that again had visibility too, until those are settled. So those are really the 2 big factors as you look at the first quarter. And those 2 together contributed $0.03 or $0.04 to the bottom line.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Alexia, just to clarify, the mid-single-digit sales operating profit is for our business as we entered the year, so it excludes Yoki, it excludes Yoplait Canada, but it does include Yoplait International in total. The reason that we see it accelerating during the year is a couple of things. As Ken -- as we've said before and as Ken pointed to some data this morning, in the U.S., as we see prices lap our increases and the industry's increases from the last year, we expect volume to stabilize and to solidify, and we're starting to see that in the categories, and so that will benefit us as the year unfolds. Second is, as you point to -- we do expect some deceleration of inflation, although I would caution that with the current drought and movement, there is some more pressure than we had originally anticipated coming into the year, and that will play through in the latter part of the year. We still are in that 2% to 3% range of inflation, but obviously, a bit more pressure given where the markets have moved over the last couple of months. And then we expect to see continued strength in International, as we alluded to the -- not only did it grow quite nicely in the first quarter on an as-reported basis, but if you strip out acquisitions, top line grew 8% on a constant currency basis, and so that provides continued momentum as the year unfolds. And our Bakeries & Foodservice business started the year well, 2% volume growth, 10% profit growth, and that business has -- again, has some really solid momentum in some key customer and product line segments that we'll benefit from as the year unfolds as well.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. For overall, 1% on a constant currency basis, minus 1% as reported. So we had a larger than usual drag from ForEx this quarter.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, I don't have a size [ph] for you that Yoplait International is about $1.2 billion in sales. And we had another couple of months of it this year versus last year.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, I don't have my calculator for me to check your math. But it is obviously going to be a contributor. I couldn't confirm the 1.5 points, though, for it.
Donal Leo Mulligan: The other thing I would add, Jason, is that as we talked in the first quarter, we saw a 2% volume growth in Brands on the Go -- or Bakeries & Foodservice, excuse me, offset by some index pricing that will unfold differently. As the year unfolds, that will be additive to sales, but the volume, we feel good about. International has consistently driven low single digit volume growth, did it again in the first quarter, as we said, 8% constant currency growth. And while we focus on pricing in the U.S., I thought we've said back [ph], we still get pricing in international markets, again, more in developed markets than -- in the developing than the developed markets, but we're getting pricing in, so there will be some huge [ph] benefit in international from pricing that we'll see as the year unfolds. So really, what we're talking about is turning our U.S., our old business, from what was negative 4% and 5% growth last year for volume up to flat and slightly positive as the year unfolds.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. We expect interest expense to be up low single digits, inclusive of, obviously, the acquisition of Yoki. Obviously, we're getting a little benefit from the lower short term rates. And I think that probably everybody is, because we're going to stay low for a while. And you might have seen a touch to that come through in the first quarter.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. We'll obviously give more color when we close Q2, when we have a quarter results in our books. But let me give you a little bit of flavor now. As we talked before, Yoki is about $0.5 billion business. It will be in our results for 3 quarters of the year. It does drive a low double-digit operating margin. Now that is on a, if you will, on an operating basis, we will have some depreciation, a step-up -- inventory step-up, some transaction costs this year, some intangible -- a small bit of intangible amortization as well that will be a drag on the results, non-cash drag, but a drag on the reported results. So -- and that, combined with, obviously, the acquisition costs, is what leads to the EPS dilution expectation of $0.02 to $0.03. But from an operating standpoint, you can think about it as a $500 million business that drives low double-digit cash margins for us. As far as kind of within the P&L, as you can imagine, it's the emerging market business, it's delivered margin -- gross margin, excuse me, is lower than our company average, and so you will see some dilution again. We'll give more quantification to that when we release Q2.
Donal Leo Mulligan: It's a good question. I don't have an answer off the top on that one. Maybe we'll just follow-up on that one.
Donal Leo Mulligan: We did see, obviously, a market increase in our commercial paper balance over the term, given that we were prepping for the Yoki acquisition. We do expect to determine out, whether it will be later this calendar year, early next calendar, it's still to be determined. But either way, we are -- we will be in the market sometime during this fiscal year to a fairly sizable amount.
Donal Leo Mulligan: It'll get paid down. It's not only going to be termed down. We will absolutely pay down the debt, a portion of the debt. Again, as we said when we announced Yoki, our plan as we did with Yoplait as we will with Yoki is that we're going to finance this at our normal capital structure mix, which is a combination of cash and debt. And so you'll see the debt being paid down over the course of the year.
Donal Leo Mulligan: We considered to be very active in looking. We've obviously done some pretty sizable, and even one not sizable, strategic deals, in terms of our businesses that are at Yoplait, Yoki, which got us a good position in the category and in a certain critical geography. And then with Food Should Taste Good in the U.S., which put us in a very different position in a category and particularly around a channel and a consumer need. So we like what we've done to date. They all helped grow our business in key platforms and certainly help accelerate our business, our growth as well. So we'll continue to look, as we've talked before. Emerging markets is a focus for us. We have a great organically growing business in China. We now have an equally sizable business in Brazil with a similar growth profile. But there are other emerging markets where we have small footprints, India for example, that we'd look to -- will be looking to increase our size. And then in the U.S. and more broadly developed markets, Jon outlined a compelling case for Better-for-you snacking and that's an area that's of intense interest to us and is where we've added some businesses over the last couple of years, and we'll continue to look in that area.
Donal Leo Mulligan: I would just -- as I mentioned, we had 75% coverage this year, so to the extent we have an impact, as I mentioned, it will be as the year unfolds in the back part of the year, which is putting a little bit of pressure on that part of the year but within the range that we anticipated. And obviously, we're not going to give F '14 guidance, but I think that Ken touched on a couple of the dynamics that we contemplate. The only thing I want to jump in is Rob, thank you for remembering it's 5% to 10% of our inputs. That's usually something I have to remind the market of.
