Donal L. Mulligan: No, not for the full year -- we still expect low-single-digit inflation, a bit lower than we had originally thought but still on the plus side of the ledger. We did see lower input costs in the first quarter but as you referenced and as we said it, that was actually planned although they did come in a bit better than our expectations. 
Donal L. Mulligan: Rather than break out individual components of it, if you look at our COGS year over year, it was down significantly. There’s a couple of major contributors. One is mark-to-market, the mark-to-market adjustment that we make each quarter contributed about $77 million of that swing. If you’ll recall, we had about a $91 million charge last year first quarter. This year it was only about $15 million or $14 million. So that’s about a third of that reduction.  The rest, about half of it or a little over half of it is rate and mix and that’s a combination of the deflation that we saw, great plant operations, great logistical savings, so all the supply chain performance that we saw this quarter.  Volume contributed a little over 10% and while volume was up, the divested lines actually had a higher cost per case, COGS cost per case, so that contributed to the reduction in COGS. And then finally FOREX had an impact to a couple percent, 2% or 3% in the reduction. 
Donal L. Mulligan: In the guidance, we do have a plus of $0.02 or $0.03 versus our plan. If you remember in July when we gave our guidance, we said there was that $0.15 headwind. Two things to remember -- the majority of it was transaction and a large portion of that was hedged, so that is fixed and even as the dollar moves, we won't see any change from our plan rates in that portion of our foreign exchange. So the part that actually has any kind of variability to it is only a fraction of that $0.15. And as I said, given the recent movement in the dollar, we see $0.02 or $0.03 plus coming through for the full year versus our guidance in July, and that is obviously embedded in our current guidance. 
Donal L. Mulligan: What we said in July and we can certainly expand on that now is that we will expect the sales to be down because the divested businesses and the indexed pricing on the bakery flour. We still expect margin expansion -- that is, we expect profit to decrease by less than sales. Given our strong first quarter and the momentum that we see in the business, we are even more bullish than that and that bullishness is also factored into our current guidance.  As Ken just mentioned, our goal has always been to return that business to a double-digit operating profit margin and we thought that was a couple of years out. We are going to strive to see if we can get there this year. 
Donal L. Mulligan: Ken, there’s difference facets of it. Ken alluded to one that was on the productivity side, as we call it, supply chain productivity, mix management continues to play a role. If you look at our Pillsbury business, not only is it contributing but from a mix standpoint, it’s growing faster than our overall business with its higher margin product line. But it’s done that consistently over the last several years as we’ve reallocated and redirected more of our innovation and advertising support behind RBG, our refrigerated baked goods business. As a consequence, over the last three years we’ve seen a 350 basis point improvement in our gross margin in our Pillsbury business here in the U.S. We have a similar -- we talk similarly on snacks, for example, where we’ve done some packaging redesigns in our fruit snacks business, which is taking costs out of the product but also driven some efficiencies in the manufacturing platforms and we’ve seen over a point-and-a-half growth in our gross margin in our snacks business.  So again, I think the key thing to take away is it’s broad based and the other thing is that we’ve talked about more recently is the expansion of HMM to international, where we are going to double our HMM contributions this year. We see it in our administrative costs, which are trending below our historical growth rates because we are applying those same value stream mapping tools and continuous improvement tools to our administrative processes you can see in savings there as well. So it really permeates the entire organization so there’s a -- you know, we can name a thousand examples and they in and of themselves, some of them are material and some of them are less significant but in aggregate, they are very meaningful to our results. 
Donal L. Mulligan: Our guidance for the year still remains the $30 million for restructuring, so we don’t see any change in our up-front costs, as you called it, or restructuring as we classify them, which is very similar to what we have done for the last several years so we think that’s the right budget for us.  The efficiencies that we are seeing and the gains that we are seeing in HMM because they are very broad-based, we don’t see requiring more up-front costs. What you have noticed is we have increased of our capital spending behind that and also capital spending behind our growth at our capacity, which we think is kind of the phase two benefit of HMM -- that is, we’ve seen the savings, we reinvested effectively, and now we are seeing the stronger top line growth. So HMM is, if you will, contributing a second wave of benefit -- now we are seeing it on the top line as well as in the middle of the P&L.
Ian R. Friendly: Overall I wouldn’t characterize it that way. I think we are seeing a fairly normal level of competitiveness across most of our categories. As I said in my comments, we are seeing a little bit more competitive pressure in the yogurt category as dairy prices come down and our key competitor has discounted fairly heavily but we feel that’s pretty much manageable. Throughout the year we monitor always our trade and promotion and pricing activities and make adjustments. I wouldn’t characterize what we believe the go-forward to be anything atypical or uncharacteristic of the past. 
Ian R. Friendly: Yeah I would say overall of U.S. retail that effect was obviously muted. Within our Pillsbury refrigerated baked goods, it was -- I think we gained probably about four share points out of that. It was a factor. Certainly we had a more positive than expected Q1 in Pillsbury on that business as a result. We would have had good results though even without that so I would say it was obviously a tailwind in the quarter but not material as it relates to the total results. 
Ian R. Friendly: Yeah, just two things to add to what Ken said is, as I mentioned in my remarks, we are driving very strong baseline sales growth by our reinvestment in our brands and not only is that the most profitable volume for us but that is the most profitable volume for our customers as well so we are driving business off the shelf in that kind of way ahead of our categories. That’s a win-win situation for everyone involved and I would just support the notion that Ken said in -- well, we have expanded our distribution in a world that rationalizes, it’s really the number one or number two brands that are creating growth that are going to win in that environment, so we like what we are doing.  The last thing I will mention is in the area you asked about, which was pricing. And if you just looked at Nielsen data for us in the last quarter, our prices now are effectively up 1% to 2%. I would say most of the branded manufacturers in our category are roughly the same and retail brand, that’s our customers brand, are up about a point higher than we are. So we’ve been very modest in our pricing and really using HMM as the first line of defense on what was inflation and now against driving our margins and keeping our pricing very well in line with the market. 
Ian R. Friendly: I still think in yogurt, we’re in the early innings and I don’t think that story or that curve has run out at all. I do think that we need more innovation to drive the category and as I said earlier, I’m not sure that heavily discounting the product is a good long-term growth strategy for the category. We are going to focus our energies on innovation and our brand marketing support, which have increased substantially in yogurt, and I think we are seeing that now as the different months go by that yogurt will progressively better as a category.  The other part that you probably don’t have nearly as much visibility to is the channel side, which is substantial. And as you know, you don’t have Walmart in the Nielsen data, nor club stores or drug and discount, and particularly Walmart and Club are very, very big players in yogurt. Those categories and our business with them are growing tremendously and that isn’t entirely visible in the Nielsen data and there’s probably some channel shift going on there as well. 
Ian R. Friendly: Well I think for the category primarily for the quarter, in cereal you interact with everyone but if you look at the total quarter, I think Kellogg’s is up slightly, Post was obviously down a great deal in the quarter, so I think they went through some pricing and some transitional issues logistically so for our first quarter, I think most of the people in cereal probably sourced to a disproportionate degree from Post. I don’t think that’s necessarily a long-term trend but that’s how that quarter played out. 
Ian R. Friendly: The other thing I would just add to that, Terry, is I think the big story in cereal primarily is the vibrancy of the category and the consistency of the category’s growth. This is very good growth for cereal. It’s carried through as I mentioned, as we’ve lapped pricing now. It’s really good unit volume growth. Cereal as a category is very healthy and that’s a good story for us and probably all the players in the category. 
Ian R. Friendly: It’s a very fair statement to say that yogurt was a nice contributor. I will tell you though that on our earnings side, it was very strong earnings growth really across all our divisions and so while yogurt was terrific, I can tell you there was pretty terrific performance across the board. 
Ian R. Friendly: I would say to answer the first part of your question is that indeed you are quite correct that we last year had very strong volume growth and this year have strong volume -- what is changing consistently is an integral part of HMM for us has been a continuous improvement effort in our plants and what those efforts have seemingly reached a very nice tipping point are starting to shine through and so what we are finding now is much better than expected plant performance and when you put volume leverage over that, it really rang through in the quarter and I expect it will ring through for the year. And so that -- it really is just operating smarter, all the principles of HMM and continuous improvement now really showing up in a meaningful, a very meaningful way in our plant operation, a differential from prior years.  And so I think -- and Ken gave one example of that on the logistics side just a moment ago.  As it relates to case volume, you know, what our plants really run on on volume isn’t pounds. For example, Green Giant canned vegetables, a very heavy product, so you can have that volume move and let’s say that’s down and a cereal case is up, you’d have a lot more cereal cases required on a weight basis. And so what we are seeing is as we also shift our mix typically to what is higher margin products for us, they tend to also be more case volume out the plant door and so you get that leverage. And in U.S. retail, our internal case volume was very close, just a little bit below our sales growth increase, so quite a bit above the pound volume statistics you heard. And so that’s providing extra leverage and that’s really what a factory runs on. 
Kendall J. Powell: I don’t know that we are giving that level of detail. I think we told you that we -- that it took out about, of that sales decline, 10 percentage points were from that divestiture and we don’t go into that level of detail on margin but I will tell you, Chris -- this is Ken -- that we’ve made multiple divestitures over the last four or five years. I think we’ve taken out over half of our plants now and it’s approaching over 60% of the SKUs, and all of this activity has been to get this business leaner and more focused on those higher margin branded businesses that go through the higher margin channels and I think the cumulative impact of all of that work over the past several years is -- it’s just really starting to pay off for us in fundamentally better margin profile for the overall business. 
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I think this quarter, Eric, was for all the reasons Don mentioned, was particularly good. We were going up against very high input cost inflation a year ago and we have very significantly lower costs during this quarter in those effects and we also had substantial pricing during the first quarter in food service a year ago and so those effects will moderate over the course of the year. But we do think -- you know, our goal all along has been to get our food service business sustainably into double-digit margin territory and that continues to be what we are going to strive for. We’ve got a good shot at doing that this year and obviously as we continue to restructure the division and get it more focused, I think we are making very good headway at that sort of sustainable margin performance that you are describing. 
Kendall J. Powell: Typically the cereal category outside the U.S. will grow 2%, 2% or 3% year over year. I would say the last year-and-a-half, it’s been closer to 1%, 1.5%. So it is down a little bit and I don’t know that I can right now give you too much detail on the mix of that, so we have seen it slow down a little bit but still growing and CPW is still getting good top line growth and from memory, the last time I looked at this, our share was up in seven or eight of our top 10 markets. So we are -- so there has been I think probably a little bit of an impact in this current economic environment on the cereal category outside the U.S. but again, still growing and still a category where when you look at the penetration of this category compared to what it is in the U.S., there is just huge upside to continue to grow it, grow penetration. I think we have decades of growth to look forward in the international cereal category and CPW, very well-positioned to continue to grow and continue to capitalize on that market. In fact, really two years ago the cereal category outside the U.S. became larger than the cereal category in the U.S., so that’s actually -- the international part of the market is the larger part of the global cereal market now. So it’s big and growing and very promising for us. 
Kendall J. Powell: Terry, you know, we don’t really think about it that way, you know, going after competitors to get share. I mean, we’re sourcing our share growth from the consumer and if you really -- if you look at, think back to Ian’s presentation, we really have I think as a result a very sound marketing execution brand by brand across our portfolio. You know, baseline growth on all the core brands -- I mean, it really is a case of building it up brand by brand, focus on execution, get the baselines going and that is leading to a couple of years now of very consistent share growth for us and I think as Ian said from the competitive standpoint, who’s up and who’s down in any given period, it depends largely on what they are doing. We just keep our focus on our brands and on the consumer. 
Kendall J. Powell: No, we’re going to -- we like that growth model that we have and we are going to -- we’ll stick with that. That’s a model that it’s our promise to shareholders that we are going to figure out a way to get them a double-digit return year-in and year-out, and that’s a combination of high-single-digit EPS coupled with a good dividend yield, so we like that model and we’ll stay with it. We are obviously pleased that we are doing better than that model this year but we’ll stay with it and we are very, very confident that that’s a sustainable model for us. And the reason that we are, Ken, goes back to the conversation that we just had with Terry Bivens -- our categories are just absolutely rock solid, they are doing very, very well, growing 4%. They are great categories that really respond to innovation and we’ve got great leading brands in those categories, so we really have a lot of confidence in our ability to sustain good consistent performance going forward. 
Kendall J. Powell: Well Ken, our commitment is we want to lead growth and drive growth with all of our retail partners and so we are bringing these great brands and all of our capabilities and all of our marketing initiative to all of our retail partners to help work in a coordinated way with their strategy and we really want to lead growth with all of them. Now it so happens that over the last several years, Walmart has been able to grow faster than many of our other retail partners and we’ve grown faster with them as well because of all the things that I just mentioned. But our commitment really is to lead that growth everywhere that we compete. 
Kendall J. Powell: Well I mean, each customer has their own approach, their own -- and they focus on different things and our job is to partner with them in the ways that are most important to them to help drive growth in their categories. I don’t want to go into the details of Walmart’s strategy versus another person’s strategy but we think that we are doing a very good job now of really listening to our customers and aligning with their growth drivers and really delivering differential growth for them. And again, this is something we are trying to do across all of our customers. 
Kendall J. Powell: Thanks for that question, Ken because HMM continues to be a very, very high focus for General Mills and a key driver of our performance, including this quarter and we all have our hands raised because we want to answer the question but I’ll give you -- I mean, one that I think is very interesting is that on the logistics side of our business this quarter, our fuel use -- and I’m not talking about the dollars that we spent on fuel. I’m talking about the gallons of fuel that we use, was down over 10% in a quarter where our volume was up. And the reason for that was because of a very high focus on HMM kind of thinking, so we improved our forecasting, we changed the way we are -- we coordinate and manage our trucks. We got a lot smarter and developed software and different techniques to fill those trucks better. And that sounds very mundane but actually being able to do those kinds of things enabled us to deliver goods much more efficiently, use less fuel, take trucks off the road, and drive costs out of that logistics system. So that’s just another example of how this very broad scale HMM effort continues to pay dividends for us.  I don’t know, I think Don had one that he wanted to talk about. 
