Kendall J. Powell: David, this is Ken. So you're right. They -- that team -- that Annie's team had been working quite hard over the years to identify other areas where the brand could be extended. And I think one of the many benefits of the combination that we're seeing as we move to the integration is to see how General Mills' innovation and formulation and manufacturing capability complements so well the desires of the Annie's team to extend the brand into new areas. Prior to the combination, it was very difficult for them to go into some of these areas because they're technically difficult. And so we think that the combination of the 2 companies is really going to open up the scope for expansion into new areas. I think some of you have read that we showed a line of soups at the recent natural food conference, and so that was a very high priority area for Annie's. But they were really unable to find the right way to do that. Obviously, we have lots of capability in that area, and we'll be launching that line of product this summer. I will tell you there are a number of other very high potential areas that the brand could be extended to, and we'll talk more about those when we review our plan with you in June.
Kendall J. Powell: Okay. So and David, is the question with respect primarily to Annie's or it's a general question about innovation across the company? Or...
Kendall J. Powell: Okay. Thank you, David. And so the answer to the question is that really over the last half dozen years, we have been looking very closely at the entrepreneurs that we compete with, the smaller companies that we compete with, and we have studied in detail how those kinds of small companies develop and bring their products to markets. And we've learned a lot from doing that. And I would say a couple of the key lessons that we've learned is that the entrepreneurs who develop those products are very, very, very close to the ultimate consumer who will buy the product. Sometimes, the consumer is themselves or family members. And so that learning has really underscored our desire to put our marketeers and our consumer research specialists in the homes of the people who will be buying our products. This is so-called consumer empathy. We think it's really, really important. And in many ways, it's replacing big and broad-scale tests that we used to do, which, in a way, moves our marketeers out of the process and distances the consumer from them. So we've got a very high premium on getting our folks right next to the consumers who were going to buy these new products. The other area where we've really focused is rapid prototyping of the idea so that we can get a tangible representation of a new product in front of consumers very early in the process and learn directly from the consumer very rapidly. And these are lessons that we're learning from these small companies. And when you do them the right way, the result is you go fast, you make decisions rapidly. You're very connected to the consumer, and so you're more on target more often. So I could go on for another 20 minutes. I won't, but we have changed quite a bit the approach that we take to new product development, very much learning from small companies and entrepreneurs.
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I would just add, I think that consumers are still very focused on value in this economy, and so as Don just said, the prices have been stable through periods of higher dairy prices and periods of lower dairy prices. I think the industry as a whole has worked very hard to maintain relatively stable prices.
Kendall J. Powell: Okay, inventory, yes. I think it's -- we don't really see that. It was down a little. I think there was some destocking. It might have been up a little bit this quarter. I mean, it's -- at the end of the day, over any 12-month period, sales through stores and our deliveries match very, very closely, and so we don't really overly focus on that.
Kendall J. Powell: Jason, I think the only thing to say is what we've said in the past, that -- which is that we do continually review the portfolio and looking for opportunities to strengthen or alter. And so we're constantly doing that, and I don't really think that I would have anything to add to that.
Kendall J. Powell: Well, first of all, Rob, we'll give you -- as we always do, we'll give you a good level of detail on what we're anticipating for inflation, and HMM and these sorts of things when we meet with you in June.
Kendall J. Powell: Or July. I beg your pardon. I stand corrected. So we'll come on to that then. We've given you, I think several times now, how we expect the savings from our various projects to accumulate over the next 3 years, and I think every time we see you, we update those. Those will be quite significant in F '16, both from the restructuring side, administratively, and we'll start to see supply chain savings come through as well. And we've given you those numbers and actually updated them, I think, a couple of times. So those are going to start to come through. So -- and will be positive. So I guess the way I would leave it is just to say we'll give you a good level of detail here in a couple of months.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, it's okay. Actually, I think you've asked it twice. But it's a good question, and the reason that we made that change, first of all, remember we've been selling marketing and learning about these categories for 10 years now, over 10 years. And what we noticed for particularly the snacking area, think products like LÄRABAR and Food Should Taste Good, we were coming into -- see, some of our -- these large major customers, are -- we were coming in with a snack presentation and an overview and thoughts on growth for Snacks 2 to 3x depending on what the product was. And these products are -- they're growing. They are -- I wouldn't necessarily say yet, that they are mainstream, but they are certainly in the process of mainstreaming. And so our belief is that we are better off going in and telling the Snack story once with all of our brands, whether they're Nature Valley or Food Should Taste Good or LÄRABAR, getting our sort of holistic view of that category and how it's going to grow one time, one story to these customers. And what we're seeing in the early days of that is very positive. So for instance, LÄRABAR had a terrific quarter. And so I guess I would tell you we really believe that this is the right approach. And don't worry about it. I will also tell you that we have some centralized marketing capability around these Natural & Organic snacks that we've retained because they use sort of a, in many ways, a different and more -- a person-to-person marketing model, and we've maintained that capability. So that exists centrally for all those brands to call on. I will also tell you that Annie's has a very powerful natural channel sales capability that is unique and differential to what General Mills had. And so while we will be using our divisional structure and our centralized U.S. Retail sales focus to expand distribution into traditional channels, all of the products that I mentioned in my remarks, LÄRABAR, Food Should Taste Good, Immaculate Baking, we're going to funnel the selling for those brands to the Natural channels through Annie's. And that -- so there are a number of ways to -- and there's great synergy there, and they're very, very good at that channel. And our growth will accelerate in that channel as a result. So there's a little bit of detail and texture behind what we've done, but we're doing these to accelerate sales and accelerate our impact with retailers. And the early signs, so far, are quite positive on it.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Sure, Alexia. This is Don. The mix with Yogurt was actually -- Bethany's business in C & F is a lower gross margin business but obviously doesn't have the same kind of advertising support. So from an operating profit standpoint, still very competitive with the rest of our businesses. Those will be the 2 that I would point out in the quarter.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Thanks, Alexia. So we very much believe in the long-term growth model that we outlined at CAGNY. And even in a period of -- where our category is a little bit softer, I mean, the reason that we continue to believe very strongly in that model is because where we effectively are meeting the consumer where they're at today with the right kind of innovation, we see very striking growth. And so for us, it's a question of continuing to focus very much on the consumer, bring the right pipeline of innovation and restore the growth momentum on our businesses. And we've given you a number of great examples of how that's working for us this morning. The Convenience and Foodservice success that Bethany outlined for you is almost entirely driven by innovation that has resulted from a very high focus on the consumers in that channel. We've talked at length about Yogurt, and when you look back over the last couple of years, the renovation and innovation that we brought to that product line, it's not surprising that we're now seeing very good growth. So we just intend to apply those principles where we have businesses that are not growing to our satisfaction. And we think as we do that, we'll return our businesses to on-model performance.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, the pricing in Yogurt, looking at the U.S. in particular, has been very stable. We made -- about 1 year ago, we made some tactical price moves. But since that time, it's been very stable even with the movement in dairy. So we think that's a very rational -- rationally priced category right now.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. And David, just to -- we've -- since we changed our guidance in November, we've held to it. Obviously, there's some puts and takes. Ken touched on a couple of those, but the couple of things I'd highlight is we've had some businesses that have performed better. Bethany's Convenience Stores and Foodservice business has continued to strengthen as the year unfolded. Our U.S. Yogurt business, as Ken overviewed, has performed better as the year has played out. Our developed markets internationally, Europe has continued to be strong. We've seen a little bit of rebound in Canada as you saw in the sales numbers this quarter. The Annie's acquisition has come in as expected. Our tax rate has improved a bit, and that's really due to the earnings mix internationally. So that's something that we think we'll sustain. On the downside, as we said, the emerging markets have tempered the growth a little bit, plus we had some service issues in our Brazil business. So that's been a little bit more of a headwind than we expected. And on the gross margin, it's been a little -- it took a little longer than we expected to pullback on all the trade spending, but we have been seeing that, and you saw that come through in our price mix this quarter. And quite honestly, the ForEx movement has hurt us a little bit from a transaction standpoint on our gross margin a little bit more than anticipated. So again, there's puts and takes, but if you list them, there's a lot of positives to look at as the year has played out.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, Jason, yes, it's a very fair question given that gross margin hasn't performed the way we expected -- hasn't played out the way we expected this year. A couple of factors, I'll dial through them. Trade, in terms of pulling back on some of the inefficient trade that we started talking about last summer. It has taken a little bit longer than we anticipated, but as I mentioned, we're starting to see the positive impact of that as we look at our price mix this quarter, but that has been a drag as the year's unfolded. Mix, as I alluded to, the growth in our Yogurt business has been very encouraging, but it is slightly dilutive from a gross margin standpoint, as is the C & F business. We've seen negative volumes in our U.S. business, and so there's been some deleverage there. And then a smaller piece would be the FX and the translation impact. But the first 3 are the primary drivers as the year unfolds. It is not higher inflation. Matter of fact, as the year plays out, we think our inflation, by the time we close the books, could actually round down to 2% versus the 3% we had been tracking. And HMM is very much on track. So those 2 pieces we feel good about. I think what's important to remember also is that we're undertaking a large Project Century to optimize our North American supply chain. None of those benefits have been played through yet in our gross margin. We would expect to start seeing some of those in F '16.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, Rob. We've already -- yes, we've already provided an overview of the 3, Project Century, Project Catalyst and the other overhead policy and practices changes that we're making, and those will accumulate to more than $350 million in savings by F '17: $260 million to $280 million next year, and that's obviously an increase from the $40 million plus that we'll get this year.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, well, last year, I think if you strip out the mark-to-market and other items, make comparables around $250 million in corporate unallocated. This year, we'll kind of zero in around that same level, and you're seeing the benefit -- we'll start seeing the benefit this year of the -- of Project Catalyst. In both years, you saw the impact of lower incentive payment given the performance. So assume we get back to the performance we expect, I would hope actually corporate items would go up a little bit, but you'd see that being paid for by higher operating profit as well.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. Happy to, Todd. That's something that, obviously, we look at very, very rigorously. And we are a little above our targeted leverage ratio. It's driven primarily as you know, by Annie's. We do expect that as we go into F '16 to improve. Our target ratio was probably a turn or 2 lower than where we are today. And our target credit rating is a BBB+, where we're pleased that we're a notch above that from Moody's perspective. But we've been maintaining that same guidance in terms of the leverage and the credit rating for a number of years now, and that has not changed.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, we would typically look at floating to be, say, 1/3 -- 30% to 35% of our mix. And we will be terming out some of that debt certainly over the coming months.
