Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning everyone. I’m here with Ken Powell, our CEO, and Don Mulligan, our CFO. We also have Jeff Harmening in here, our President and COO, and he’ll be available during the Q&A at the end of the call. Our press release on first quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning and it’s also posted on our website. You can also find slides on our website that supplement this morning’s presentation. I’ll remind you that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions, and the second slide in today’s presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. With that, I’ll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Don.
Jeff Siemon: The foundation businesses were--in U.S. retail specifically were minus-2%--sorry, this is Jeff Siemon talking, Jason. Then--yes, minus-2, and that’s really fully attributable to yogurt. It was up modestly excluding yogurt--sorry, growth businesses, I apologize, Jason. Foundation businesses were down 8%, driven primarily by soup which was, as Don said, saw some deliveries trail Nielsen off take, and mid-single digit declines in baking product units, as you saw in Don’s slide.
Jeff Siemon: Okay Operator, Jennifer, I think that’s all the time we have. We’re at the 8:30 mark, so I think let’s wrap up here. Thanks everyone. I know we didn’t get to everyone who was queued up for a question, so I’m available all day if you want to give me a ring and I’ll be happy to follow up. Thanks very much. 
Jeff Harmening: So this is Jeff, and let me take on both of those questions and Don can follow up as needed on the second one that you asked. On the first one, as we look at broader category trends in yogurt and specifically in weight management, consumers are looking for in yogurt what they’re looking for across categories, which is a satiety benefit and ways to keep them fuller for longer. That’s the fundamental difference we see between our Greek 100 offering and why we’re renovating that and what we see in Yoplait Light, which are our two entries into this market. So that’s why you see us renovating Greek 100 as we are, adding 40% more protein and making it taste better at the same time, because we know consumers are looking for satiety. Greek 100 can give them that, but they’ll only do it if the product tastes really good, so the bar is pretty high. So that’s why we have a high degree of confidence in the renovation efforts we’re looking for on Greek 100 and why Yoplait Light--you know, we’ll be the leader in the light segment, but we don’t see that turning around in the same way that we see Greek 100 turning around. So that’s why you see us doing that. As it relates to spending, I’d mentioned this in our Q4 update that we’ll be taking our advertising down on yogurt this year and increasing our trade spending, because on our advertising, we weren’t seeing the returns that we wanted to see, and we way over-index on the category on advertising spending relative to our competition. So while we are reducing our advertising spending, we will still have more than our fair share of weight in advertising in the category, so we saw an opportunity to do that, which I also mentioned, as I said, in June.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, I do. We plan to advertise our new offerings, and one of the things that’s very clear about most of our categories, and is especially true about yogurt, is that innovation and whether that innovation takes the form of new products or whether that innovation takes the form of improving what you currently have, innovation clearly drives the yogurt category. When we get that right, which we think we have, by the way, on Annie’s and Liberte and what we see with our drinks, we know that that can move the needle and we’re looking forward to doing more of that in the second half.
Jeff Harmening: Well David, this is Jeff. I think as we--as Ken started out his comments, the macro environment is tough. It’s tough globally, but our focus really is on what we control. One of the things that we’ve seen time and again is that when we focus on the things that we can control, we can have a lot of success. Gluten-free is a great example of that in the cereal category. So as we look at our first quarter, there are some things that we need to improve in our yogurt business really around innovation and renovation, and we feel like that’s up to us regardless of the macro environment. We like some things that we’re seeing in cereal despite the fact that it was down 4% in the first quarter. We think that we can probably spend more against initiatives that are working well, like gluten-free and Cheerios, and we really like our innovation coming up in snacks in the second half of this year. So what I would tell you is that yes, the macro environment does play a piece, but we are laser-focused on the things within our control and feel good about our ability to improve our top line trends, both here in the U.S. and globally.
Jeff Harmening: Well, there are two answers to that. For our U.S. business, our marketing spending is going to be down for the year, and the only place we’ve really shifted to more trade spending is in yogurt. Otherwise for our foundation businesses as well as for cereal and snacks, we look to price appreciation and strategic revenue management to help us out on that. The place where there really is a timing shift is international, where our media spending was down in the first quarter, and that really is a matter of timing. We like our initiatives in our international group and we see our spending in media up in the last three quarters. 
Jeff Harmening: Jason, this is Jeff, and I think that’s an excellent question. I think it’s also a really important one, so let me start big picture and work our way back to the category initiatives you talked about. Big picture, we see in Nielsen data and certainly I have heard from a lot of our retailers over the last month in my direct conversation with them, is that we see prices deflationary, or the inflation reducing in the store over the course of the last quarter or so. As we look, and Ken shared with you earlier, as we look at the items in grocery that contain the UPC code, we have about half a percent growth - I think it’s 0.4%. A big portion of that is really reduction in egg pricing from a year ago, so if you strip out the pricing on eggs, it’s about 1% inflation, which is pretty consistent with the last couple of quarters. So we had the flu last year and the price of eggs was really high, and it’s a lot lower now, so that accounts for a lot I’ve also heard from a lot of retailers about deflation in other parts non-UPC, so the perimeter of the store in things like dairy and meat, but what we’re seeing in our categories really is about 2.5% price appreciation in the first quarter, and that’s what we’re seeing in our Nielsen in our categories as well. So as we look--and we’ve seen quite good price discipline in the vast majority of our categories, and there’s no reason for us to think that that won’t continue going forward. Certainly as we look to our SRM initiatives, we’re gaining increased confidence that those are going to be effective. When we talk to retailers about our pricing and what we’re going to do with our foundation brands, we find a pretty receptive audience, to be honest, and the first fact is that 75% of our business is growth and 25% foundational, so we start with that. Within the foundational brands, our retailers are looking for a little bit of inflation, so to the extent that they see deflation in some areas, a little bit of inflation in other areas isn’t such a bad thing. They key to that really is to bring some level of investment to the category in other forms, so I’ve talked about it before but it’s really important in that Progresso is going to be about antibiotic-free chicken and on Pillsbury, it’s a new shelf set, as well as improving the quality of our products, so we’re making investments in other ways and our retailers are really receptive to that. So we’re not just milking these businesses but managing for cash, the really foundation businesses, and when we see good opportunities for investment in things other than pricing, we’re doing those.
Jeff Harmening: Andrew, this is Jeff. A couple of points. To address your first question about where we’re going to work on strategic revenue management, it really started in cereal and we’re fast following in the rest of our categories in the U.S. as well, in fact all of North America we’re looking at it. So it’s a capability that we’re developing broadly, and yes, cereal has been the farthest ahead but it’s fast following to the rest of our categories, and you’ll soon see that. As regards to capacity, we have made the moves in pricing and strategic revenue management with an eye toward capacity as we look forward, so clearly if there are additional capacity--if there’s additional capacity, we’ll remove that if we need to optimize our supply chain. You see that with soup, for example, in this last quarter where we saw an opportunity to improve the profitability and viability of our soup business by closing our Vineland plant. So to the extent we see opportunities like that, whether it’s here or other parts of the world, we’ll certainly take advantage of that; but our capacity utilization decisions that we’ve announced already have been made with an eye toward the actions that we’re taking now.
Jeff Harmening: I appreciate your sensitivity on that. You know, what I would tell you is that kind of the quantity of what we’re going to share, I think we’ve probably already revealed. But in terms of the specifics, and I think we haven’t talked about snacking, what we’re going to do in the second half of the year, and desserts, we haven’t talked about what those are. We’ve said we’re going to come with something but we haven’t mentioned the specifics of that, so we’ll do that at a later date. But there are two more initiatives coming in the second half of the year which we’ve just let you know about, which leads into the 10, I think that you articulated.  Then we’ve also got a good pipeline as we look at F18, which is why we have confidence that we can improve our business in the back half of ’17 and also again in F18, because we have a pipeline of offerings that we really like. 
Jeff Harmening: U.S. yogurt related. We’ve talked to our retailers about what we’re brining now, and we’re starting to have discussions about our pipeline of innovation. I can tell you, and I just sat down with a few last week, they’re excited about what we’re bringing, they really are, and they believe in the vision of the category that we have. They know that we have been a growth leader in this category for 40 years and that we intend to be for another 40, but right now we’re struggling, so they know all of that. What I would tell you is that they see a lot of innovation in the yogurt category, and the yogurt CAGR is so big and has so many different segments, it can have multiple layers of innovation, they just can’t be competing with each other. So Annie’s yogurt, for example, doesn’t really compete with Liberte, even though they’re both organic, because one is geared towards adults and one is mom with kids. Greek 100 is yet again in the weight management area, so the key to the innovation is making sure that you have innovation that’s meaningful and that you’re bringing in different segments so they're not overlapping. But the category is big enough now in yogurt to withstand a lot of innovation as long as it’s strong.
Jeff Harmening: Well, I think the first key for us is we have the best sales force in the industry, so they’re capable of handling multiple initiatives at the same time. We’re very focused with them on what our priorities are, and they know that yogurt is one of our growth priorities, so I have no reason to doubt that we won’t be excellent in our execution of our new products in yogurt in the second half, just as we have been with Liberte and Annie’s and the reformulation of our GoGurt business here in the first quarter. 
Don Mulligan: Yes Ken, this is Don. You know, in the quarter what we saw was a couple things that allowed us to bring in the profit. One was we had very strong plant and manufacturing performance. As we referenced, our media was down double digits for the quarter, which is ahead of what our full-year guidance had been. We had some favorable timing in below-the-line items - our corporate items, our tax lines, interest as I mentioned, and those will even out as the year unfolds. Our focus is on delivering the year. I’ll touch a little bit on media because Jeff touched on it or talked about it with Yoplait. Given that we were coming out of the quarter with media spending down double digits, we now expect media to be down double digits for the full year - that’s a little bit lower than we had originally anticipated. The reductions will be in the same places - the foundation businesses and U.S. yogurt, and will continue to increase in our growth businesses. But that’s the reality of coming in a little light on our top line in the first quarter. Now that all said, we continue to look for, and as you point out, we believe our strong margin performance will help provide the fuel to reinvest in high return ideas as the year unfolds, so as Jeff alluded to, whether it’s in yogurt or other businesses, as we launch new products and as we see traction on those new products, we believe some of the cost savings initiatives we have, some of the operating leverage we’re going to be able to generate will help us fund those ideas as the year unfolds.
Don Mulligan: We have very good line of sight to the cost savings that we’ve talked about, we started talking about in June and July. We are certainly going to make sure that we invest behind the ideas that are gaining traction with consumers.
Don Mulligan: David, let me give you some insights into the balance of the year. We do expect Q2 to be better than Q1 from an organic sales growth standpoint, and we expect the second half to be better than Q2. A couple of factors to take into account as you think about the Q1 to Q2 movements, and we talked about these in the script but it may be good just to consolidate them all, first is the comps.  Again, our F16 Q1 organic sales growth was the highest of the year at plus-2, and all segments showed growth and we had particular strength in Europe behind Haagen Dazs and Yoplait. In Q2, we’ll begin lapping negative organic growth, which was driven to a large extent by reduced merchandising on cereal and snacks at one of our large U.S. customers, so first is the comps will ease for some very specific reasons.  Second, we expect even better price appreciation in Q2 versus Q1. Q1, we had two points of price mix appreciation, and we expect even more. In Q2, we start seeing the benefit of SRM, the trade optimization actions that we’re taking in our foundation businesses in the U.S. We expect to see continued pricing benefits in Brazil, and we expect lower drag from the bakery flour pricing in our convenience stores and food service business, so the second factor is we think pricing will improve, our price mix appreciation will improve in the second quarter. Pipeline plays a bit of a role. We mentioned that we saw the consumer off take ahead of shipments for U.S. cereal. We also saw it for soup. We also had some inventory reductions in a large customer in our C&F business, and we don’t expect any of those to recur in Q2. Lastly and the most important factor, of course, is the positive impact of all the consumer first initiatives that Ken and Jeff have talked about.  So we expect Q2 to be better than Q1, we expect the second half to be better than the first half, and we expect the full year to come in between our flat and minus-2 guidance that we initiated back in June.
Don Mulligan: Oh, I’m sorry. The SKU impact, there might have been some minor impact in the first quarter, but I wouldn’t attribute a lot of the reduction in the first quarter to SKU rationalization.
Don Mulligan: Jason, one other thing I’ll add to it. You made a comment that we’re banking a lot on pricing. I just don’t want it to be overplayed. As we look at our Q1 to Q2 improvement in organic sales growth, it’s about equal parts pricing and volume, so it’s not just relying on the pricing lever. As we get to the back half, it’s actually more driven by volume improvement in the back half. So pricing plays a role, but I don’t want you to overestimate the role of pricing.
