Jeff Siemon: Thanks Tony. Good morning and happy holidays to everybody. I’m here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO, and Jeff Harmening, our President and COO. I’ll turn you over to them in a minute, but first I’ll cover our usual housekeeping items. Our press release on second quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. You can find the release and a copy of the slides that supplement this morning’s remarks on our investor relations website. I’ll remind you that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. With that, I’ll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Ken.
Jeff Siemon: Great. Operator, I think we’ve let everyone take two bites of the apple with questions. We probably have time for one more, maybe a second; but let’s go for one more.
Jeff Siemon: Great. Thanks everyone for sticking with us. I know we didn’t get to everybody, so I’ll be on the phone all day. Please give me a ring, look forward to speaking with you. Happy holidays everyone. 
Ken Powell: All right, well thanks Jeff, and good morning to one and all. I’ll cover the key headlines for the second quarter First, we feel good about the margin expansion progress and EPS growth we delivered in the quarter, and we continue to have confidence in our ability to deliver on our goal of a 20% operating margin by fiscal ’18. We remain committed to our Consumer First strategy, and where we’re getting the ideas right, it’s driving growth, whether that’s Annie’s and Larabar in the U.S., Haagen Dazs outside North America, or Old El Paso around the world. Even so, our net sales performance did not meet our expectations in the second quarter. We didn’t have enough marketing support, meaning the combination of trade, media and new product news to drive improved top line results, and on top of that we saw a slowdown in food industry growth in the U.S. in recent periods. So we’re making targeted adjustments to our plans in the back half to find the right balance of investment and return while still driving significant margin expansion. Jeff Harmening will take you through more details on our second half business plans in a moment. As a result of our sales trend, we’re revising down our expectations for full year net sales and segment operating profit, but we remain on track to deliver our EPS and margin expansion guidance and we’re increasing our free cash flow growth expectations thanks to continued good financial discipline.  Finally, we announced an important change to our organizational structure earlier this month. This change represents a significant step towards operating as a global company, allowing us to unlock global growth opportunities while continuing to drive efficiency and increase agility in our organization. With that, let me turn things over to Don to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Ken Powell: All right, thank you, Jeff. Let me just summarize our comments this morning. We continue to take a disciplined approach to the top line, focusing our investments behind our highest returning Consumer First ideas and eliminating activities that are not generating profitable volume. Our organic sales results didn’t meet our expectations this quarter, so we’re adding support and launching a solid line-up of new products to strengthen the second half.  We delivered strong margin expansion and good EPS growth in the second quarter, and our HMM and other cost savings efforts keep us on track to deliver our fiscal ’18 goal of a 20% adjusted operating profit margin. We updated our full-year growth goals to reflect a softer top line, but we’re maintaining our EPS guidance and increasing our free cash flow growth target as we continue to drive operational efficiency across our businesses. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you can open the line for questions.
Ken Powell: On the M&A front, look - as we’ve said, we continue to look in many places for opportunities to create value, and these would be acquisitions that could drive growth or synergy, or both. We would look both in the U.S. and internationally. We are quite interested in snackable ideas, snacking is very much on trend. Also, simplicity and natural is of interest to us. Bolt-ons to existing business are quite interesting to us. So if you look at the last 24, 30 months, we acquired Annie’s, an organic business, Epic Provisions all-natural beef snacks, Carolina Yogurt, a bolt-on, and so those are the kinds of things we’ve been doing and we continue to look in those areas.
Ken Powell: Look - we want to do all three. Our core metrics are revenue growth, margin expansion, and the efficiency with which we generate free cash flow and return it to shareholders. So all of those, we think are very important to our investors, and we’re very focused on all three. Clearly over the last several years, we’ve been highly focused on a variety of very positive restructuring initiatives just in terms of increasing the efficiency of our business model. That’s all been very good, and that’s included eliminating some volume that was unprofitable.  I think as we go forward and with the distractions of some of those things mostly behind us, we’re very highly focused on generating top line growth. Obviously that’s critical to sustaining our business model, and we’re very focused on that. That will be very important, and we’ll see things improve here in the second half and we’ll be highly focused on continuing that momentum as we go into F18.
Jeff Harmening: I would say importantly in some areas, we reduced our spending on trade, for example on Old El Paso and Totino’s hot snacks, and we got it really right and we increased our revenues partially as a result of that, along with some good innovation. So there are areas where we feel really good about what we have done, and cereal is not far off either, to be honest. Cereal really is a matter of we think we’ve got some great ideas, we just didn’t spend enough consumer marketing support against those, which we’ll add back. But fundamentally on the trade side, we didn’t get that too wrong. There are a couple businesses where we didn’t get it as right as we want, and I would say Pillsbury refrigerated dough is one of those. So we’re dedicated to the strategy and we got it right in some places, and in some places we didn’t get it exactly we’re right and we’re making the changes that we need to.
Jeff Harmening: Well Rob, I think it’s a really good question. If you look at the--prices have actually deflated if you look at the total store, but it’s really driven by the perimeter. So if you look at the perimeter of the store, that’s really where you see pretty significant price deflation. In the categories where we operate, we’re actually seeing modest amounts of price inflation, so we think we can generate pricing. We think we generated a touch too much in the second quarter, but we can generate price even in this environment because in the categories that we compete in, we’re actually seeing some positive price realization.
Jeff Harmening: Bryan, thank you for that. You know, what I would say in general about the operating environment, it’s fairly rational. It is rational, but in some of our biggest categories, a couple of our biggest categories, we did see an increase in trade promotion in the second quarter. We saw it a little bit in soup where our lead competitor had a pretty poor fall last year and came back a little stronger, and then we saw a little bit in cereal as well, a little bit more promotional in cereal, and also in refrigerated dough. So for three of those categories, we saw some more promotional support than we had--than we had seen before, and that really in combination with our pulling back was part of the challenge we saw in the quarter.
Jeff Harmening: I’ve got a couple things. I don’t want to reiterate too much what Ken said, but I think it’s important to understand that as we look at our business, there’s different levers we can pull to drive shareholder return. Sales growth is clearly the one that has the longest term benefit and where our focus is, but there’s clearly margin expansion, there’s cash conversion, and cash returned to shareholders. At different points in our history, we’ve pulled those at different strengths based on what the market can bear, and as we looked at the market over the past couple years and at least for the near term, with less available top line growth, we wanted to make sure that we were still delivering a competitive return for our shareholders and that meant more on the margin. So that was kind of one input. The other is that setting a target, and Ken kind of touched on this, it does make you think differently. It’s brought to bear more ideas in terms of where we can find efficiencies, and we’ve done it throughout our P&L and our balance sheet. As a result, it’s creating flex for us to reinvest back into our business, and I think those are all good things. But at the end of the day, the goal is to ensure that we are investing behind good top line growing ideas and then driving a competitive margin, and that’s really where we--at the end of the day, those are the two key things that we look at.
Jeff Harmening: I would add on to that, Don. For the U.S., we’re expecting only modest improvements. The guidance that we’ve given allows for only modest improvement in the top line in the U.S. while continuing to expand margins. As we look at the second half, our two biggest improvements will be in our convenience and food service segment as well as in Europe.
Jeff Harmening: Yes David, we did a lot of analysis before embarking on this, this net revenue management journey, and the returns that we’re seeing from our advertising and our trade are playing out as we expected them to. What I would say is the competitive atmosphere is dynamic, and what you will see from us is making sure we’re making adjustments to those plans as we go along, which is what we’re doing in the back half. So even though we get a lot of things right, some of the things we tactically need to adjust, and that’s what you’re seeing us do in the back half of this year. So as time goes on, we’re dedicated to it, but I would say that we’ve analyzed deeply the second quarter and we’ve already made some changes, even from the end of our second quarter, which is the end of November, until today. So I think what you’ll see from us is making sure that while we remain dedicated strategically to net revenue management and optimizing our profitable volume, we’ll make adjustments as time goes along and as we see the competitive dynamics change.
Jeff Harmening: Well you know, that may be the case to a small degree in soup and on baking, but I would say the bigger driver of our performance is always what we do and the spending we put in place and how effective our spending is or our new products are. So as we look at the second half of the year, I’m certainly not opposed to it being cold, but for us we really look at what we can drive, which is making sure we make the tactical adjustments to our spending and what we think is a good new product line-up for the second half.
Jeff Harmening: Chris, thanks for that question. As we look at the second half of the year, the biggest improvement we’ll see will be in Europe, which is a very profitable business for us. We improved that business in the second quarter from the first quarter. We had a tough summer based on the Haagen Dazs sales as well as the Yoplait integration, but we saw the second quarter improve on Haagen Dazs and as well as OEP - Old El Paso and bars, and we expect that to continue in the second half of the year. We’ve got really good innovation on Haagen Dazs, good innovation on Old El Paso, and we continue to expand our bars business. So--and the integration of our Yoplait business with our European business will be largely behind us, so we expect improved performance from there.  So I would say in the second half, you’ll see that, but I also want to mention that what we see is that our two largest developing markets, China and Brazil, have returned to growth if you look at organic growth. They’re a little bit clouded by some restructuring we’re doing of our snacks business in China and of our acquisition of yogurt in Brazil, but underlying that, in China we’re back to mid-single digit organic growth. We’re growing our Wanchai Ferry business, we’re growing Haagen Dazs, and we continue to see good growth from yogurt. We’re back to growth in Brazil as well and we’re executing better in Brazil, so we’re back to growth there. So as we look at the second half, we expect to see growth from our two biggest developing markets as well as improved performance from Europe.
Jeff Harmening: This is Jeff Harmening. Let me take the first part of that question, then I’ll hand it over to Ken for the second part, I guess. On the first piece, the first half of the year, we plan to take out unprofitable volume, and we’ve talked about that and we certainly did that while improving our margins. But the combination of taking out a little bit more spending than we had anticipated, as well as the competitive environment being a little bit more promotional than we anticipated, that kind of combination is what led to our first half sales results, particularly in the U.S., being below what we expected them to be. Although we got it right in some places on our spending, in some places we need to make adjustments.
Jeff Harmening: Well David, this is Jeff. Obviously a large part of it is unprofitable volume, and that’s why our U.S., despite the fact that if you can imagine, we had a lot of deleverage given that our volumes were down 10% in the quarter, why our operating margin was up 270 basis points because--and it’s not the only reason, but for sure a lot of this was unprofitable volume that we don’t mind losing. I think there were a couple cases where we felt like we had--we feel like we have good marketing, good news, and some things we could optimize. I look at cereal advertising, for example - we love the returns we get from our gluten-free advertising and from no artificial colors and flavors, and that advertising we think we can spend more than we did in the second quarter because we like the returns on that and we think we have really good news. 
Jeff Harmening: Well David, as I said, there’s a large portion of the volume that was not particularly profitable, and we got rid of that; but I also said we didn’t get it exactly right. So I think there are some pieces of that volume that are more profitable, especially the non-promoted volume on big brands like cereal and bars where we think we didn’t get the spending exactly right. By spending more to improve the everyday sales of those businesses, we can drive both our volume and our profitability.
Don Mulligan: Bryan, this is Don. We expect a bit of sales improvement in Q3 and more in Q4. Obviously our cost savings build, cost savings initiatives build as the year goes on, so as a result of that, the EPS growth is much more heavily weighted to the fourth quarter versus third quarter.
Don Mulligan: We do, thank you, Andrew. As Jeff walked you through, a couple of our large growth businesses is where we were short in the first quarter and the first half. As a result, as we went forward today, our growth businesses will probably be a touch negative, minus low single digits versus the plus low single digits we started the year. The foundation businesses actually have held in well and will still be in the range of mid single digits, maybe at the low end of the range but still in that range, so that’s how you would you think about our new sales guidance.
Don Mulligan: The number is about right for the back half of the year. I’d have to check the quarterly phasing of it. I know last year we had a plus in Q3 because of some U.S. tax legislation that came through. That may push a little bit more to Q4 as the opportunity, but quite honestly, I’ll have to confirm that for you, Ken.
Don Mulligan: Yes, it’s a really good question. I’m glad you asked it. There’s actually three things, and they really all revolve around working capital. The first is a year ago we had a big payable from the Green Giant sale that hit our operating cash flow, even though obviously the cash that came in was in the financing section--or the investment section, excuse me. So we had a large liability that will not obviously recur this year, so that was $160 million, I believe, at this point last year. That will change the complexion of our working capital on the balance of the year. The other is our trade and advertising accruals. As we’ve said, our media, our trade was down in the first half, even a bit more than we had planned and anticipated. As we reinvest more in the back half, those accruals will come up, again favorably impacting working capital.  Then lastly, and the one that’s the most sustainable that will carry forward into F18 as well, is our focus on core working capital. Inventory was a bit higher than we wanted it to be at the end of the second quarter, and that’s because volumes did not come in as anticipated. That will even out and come down as the year unfolds. Then most importantly as we continue to work on our payables and as we move our vendors to 90-day terms, we’ll see that benefit start to accrete more in the second half and again more in ’18 as well. So it’s all around working capital, and it’s those three big items - the tax payable on the Green Giant divestiture a year ago that we’re rolling over, the level of advertising and trade payables that will increase as the year goes on as we increase investments in those two areas, and then the core--continuing to work on reducing core working capital.
Don Mulligan: So our gross margin, we increased 50 basis points year-to-date. We think it will be up closer to 200 basis points in the back half of the year, so full year will be below our original 150 guidance, probably more in the 100 to 120 range, but it will improve in the back half for some substantial reasons. First off, we’ll get better volume leverage as we see improved sales in the back half. That is primarily from volume, so our gross margin will benefit from that. The comps from last year, if you look at our trend last year, our gross margin expansion was essentially all in the first half, and that was due to inflation phasing, where inflation accelerated during the course of F16. Last year, gross margins were up 170 basis points in the first half, was actually about flat in the second half, and actually Q3 was down 130 basis points, so again I think that gross margin expansion this year on a comparable basis will skew to Q4. To your specific question on inflation, we think it’s fairly stable through the course of the year, slight acceleration in the back half and fourth quarter, and obviously we’ll see pretty steady contributions from HMM exceeding that inflation. Our cost actions will build during the course of the year. That will help gross margin in the back half, and then transaction FX, which for the full year will be about a $50 million drag for us, $35 million of that is in the first half, as I said in my comments. The pound will continue to impact us in the back half, but we think the Canadian dollar will be less so, so we will absorb the majority of the transaction FX negative in the first half, so that will be less of a drag in the second. So really, those four things - the volume leverage that we’ll get in the second half slightly better than the first half, the comps particularly around inflation phasing will favor the back half this year again, especially the fourth quarter, our cost actions will build around Project Century benefits, and then transaction FX still a negative but a lighter negative in the back half.
Don Mulligan: Yes, I’m not following all your math on that, but from an advertising standpoint, in the back half of the year, we said in the last call we expect advertising after the first quarter to be down double digits for the year. We still believe that, probably mid-teens, which means it will be better in the back half, still down slightly, but importantly up in some key businesses. Matter of fact, if you look at our growth businesses in the back half, excluding U.S. yogurt which we’ve always said we’re going to really right-size our investment there, given our historical share of voice, excluding U.S. yogurt our growth businesses’ advertising investment, media investment will be up low single digits in the back half. And again, it’s fairly spread across the businesses that Jeff talked to, so we’ll see that in the back half. And actually, our admin continues to be below last year, both within SOP and then at the corporate level as well, so that’s actually a contributor. Obviously what’s different is the sales are lower and volume is lower than we started the year, and that’s an offset. So again, I didn’t exactly follow your math, but we expect to get 150 basis points of operating margin expansion. We’ll get a good piece of that, as you noted, through gross margin and we’ll get the balance through the rest of the P&L, but all lines, including administrative costs and overhead costs, will contribute.
Don Mulligan: Hi Chris. I think that first of all, we’ll--we don’t want to give guidance for F18 in December, but to your point, the way this year is coming out, I think we’ll have to look at all the components of next year. I think this year coming in softer is obviously going to have to play into how we look at next year. We think that second half will be, as we’ve said, better and will build momentum through Q3 and Q4, so we expect to enter ’18 with the top line going in a better direction. Obviously we’ve talked in great detail about all the margin work that will continue to play out as we go into F18, so I think your point about entering F18 at a lower level than we expected of course has to be considered, and we’ll give detailed guidance on all of that in June, as we always do.
Don Mulligan: Chris, the only thing to add, just as a point, is also that both of our joint ventures are performing pretty well. Haagen Dazs Japan had a good quarter, and I think importantly we now have, I think, two and maybe three quarters of improved performance in CPW really with performance across the board better in that joint venture. So internationally, we’re also seeing improving contribution from those JVs.
Don Mulligan: David, this is Don. The only other thing I’d add in terms of--you know, if you look at how much we reduced our sales guidance by versus SOP, the other factor not to lose sight of that doesn’t impact sales is our transaction FX. As I mentioned, we have a $50 million, roughly $50 million negative transaction for products shipped into Canada and into the U.K., and about $40 million of that frankly was--it’s about $40 million higher than what we had planned. Obviously Brexit happened after we announced our guidance, and that’s incorporated into these updated guidance figures as well. 
