Kendall J. Powell: So thanks for the question, David. And obviously, the -- your numbers on the impressive growth of this segment are -- we're well aware of those. And the way we look at it is as follows. First of all, the yogurt category is -- it's an enormous segment. It's the second largest segment we compete in, and it's showing a tremendous growth right now, as you all know, driven by Greek. So it's big, and it's growing, so it's exciting. We do not have our fair share of that segment or of the growth right now, and we're obviously very determined to get that. We are very pleased with the performance that we've had from Yoplait Greek in the first half. That's played out very much as we thought it would, and so that product grew about 50%. We now have more capacity, and we're advertising that we're introducing extensions to that line, so we think that, that will continue to grow very rapidly in the second half, and we're pleased with that. Beyond that, the only thing I want to say is that I think that you're going to see a very high level of innovation in the yogurt category generally and in Greek yogurt specifically over the next 6 to 12 months. I'm certain that, that will happen. We have other initiatives that we're working on. We're very committed to getting our fair share of that segment. And while we're very pleased with Yoplait Greek and we believe that's going to continue to grow, again, I think you will see a very high continuing level of innovation in the category generally and in Greek yogurt, and we're very committed through that innovation to build and get our fair share of that segment.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes. We're very committed to stabilizing the performance in those segments. And so we think that, for instance, the lactose-free product that we're launching, that's a very good idea. There are lots of consumers out there who need to avoid lactose, and we're the first player to really take that segment seriously in yogurt. And so we think that, that will help. And we have other initiatives that we're working on, on those core cup brands that we think will strengthen their appeal to consumers. So we think that the performance will improve in the second half.
Kendall J. Powell: Andrew, it wasn't so much of a -- I wouldn't describe it as a competitive shift. Really I would describe it more as a focus on what are the top turners and making sure that they had a good representation of those turners. So just as an example, the Rich & Hearty portion of the Progresso line, which is -- these are really sort of full-flavor robust soups. Think Italian wedding, these kinds of products. Those are very, very high turners. And as we did our analysis of the category, we saw the products -- that many of those, as an example, Rich & Hearty products, were underrepresented even though they continue to be very, very popular with consumers and very high turning. And some of the space in the category had moved to some of the newer items, some of the simplicity items and which turn but don't turn as well as some of the core items. So I think what we're seeing is kind of a return to what are the top items. Let's organize the category around turns. And as they've done that, we've certainly seen our performance improve. We've gained a significant amount of distribution, for instance, around that Rich & Hearty line, over the last 3 or 4 months.
Kendall J. Powell: And you'll also, Eric, see us -- I mean we'll begin comping periods where -- I mean, remember, we began taking our pricing in the early spring of last year in February, so as we start comping the period where our pricing was really starting to hit retail. Then as you said, we see that comp, and the pressure should moderate here somewhat.
Kendall J. Powell: One thing I would add. Yes, one thing I would add to that, Alexia, is that I think one of the secrets to our strong success in China is that we've really proven out business models in small geography before we've expanded. And so anything that we do there has been -- really prove it out, learn about the consumer reaction and dynamics and then expand. So that's been a conservative model, but it's worked very, very well for us.
Kendall J. Powell: The only -- the thing I'd add to that, Ken, is remember, we're only halfway through our fiscal year. So we've got 6 months to go, which in these commodity markets has proven to be a lifetime over the last several years. So what we will do for you at our -- around our June meeting, as we always do, is we will give you our best forecast of pricing for -- or I'd beg your pardon, of inflation for our coming year. And so we'll do that about 6 months from now.
Kendall J. Powell: So the key factor, going back to that last big cycle, David, is that if you'll recall, that was the period of time where we saw consumers move away in a pretty measurable way from Food-Away-From-Home, so we saw quite a bit downward adjustment in meals at restaurants, meals at home. And that volume ended up in the grocery store and gave us the cycle that you described, which was not only strong pricing in an inflationary environment but that volume tailwind that we got from Food-Away-From-Home. So this go-around we are seeing so far this year anyway, really over the last 12 to 18 months, we've seen that Food-Away-From-Home sector basically moving sideways. So we're not getting nearly the same level of contribution from that kind of change. So I think that accounts for what we're seeing this time, which is a more sort of classic response based on elasticity around price increases. And as we move into our next fiscal year, which again, 6 months down the road, we'll comment more fully on how we see volume pricing inflation, that sort of thing then.
Kendall J. Powell: We are very focused on returning that business to sales growth as we move into our next fiscal year.
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I'd make a couple of comments on that, Jonathan. First of all, we love our U.S. business, and we've -- we think we're in great categories, and we clearly are in great categories. And where we have an issue right now in yogurt -- but it happens to be in a category that's absolutely terrific. And we will figure out how to -- through innovation, how to reaccelerate our growth in that category, and we just -- we love the outlook for healthy snacking in the U.S. We think the cereal category is terrific. We're getting great performance out of our Pillsbury brands, these -- really, these tried-and-true businesses that just keep knocking it out, very high margin, and so we really like the business in the U.S. And as we've said in many previous calls, we're always looking for businesses that we might tuck into that U.S. business, because we think that the profile of the business is so good. Obviously, we live an era of tremendous international expansion. And as you pointed out in your question, we're trying to capture that through these steps that we've taken. And as we've said many times before, we -- we're -- are looking for other ways to build and gain scale internationally. So I think the answer is yes, we're always looking. Now is a great time, as you've said, and we'll continue to do that.
Kendall J. Powell: Not really. I mean, we're really looking for ways to capitalize on the opportunities that we see both in the U.S. market which, as I said, we think is terrific and also outside the U.S. So we're really kind of broadminded in the way we're looking.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, I think you captured the drivers very well. The only thing that I would add is that while this is a particularly wide gap between units and the weight volume measures, we have had it before, a couple of years ago kind of in this -- it was either in Q2 or Q3 during soup season, we had a similar gap. So it has -- it does happen from time to time, and that's why we try to point it out, because to Ken's main point is it's the units that really matter from a retailer and a consumer standpoint and from, in fact, a leverage standpoint.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. You will see less -- because those products are seasonal, obviously, it goes a little bit into our Q3 as well, you will a lessening of that impact in the back half. Yes.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Sure. Well, Ken, as you know, we don't talk prospectively about our pricing. But as we've been clear, we began taking pricing last really end of the third quarter, but more in our fourth quarter of fiscal 2011 in anticipation of the inflation that we saw coming in 2012. And so that pricing impact has built as this year has unfolded. One of the reasons that we point to better profit growth in the second half is -- one of the factors will be that we will have that pricing fully in place. But we're not going to talk prospectively about any pricing actions that we may or may not take.
Donal Leo Mulligan: That's highly speculative and hypothetical at this point. Again, as you know, when we look long term at input cost, we expect them to average inflation in the mid-single digits based on world demand. And we haven't come off that, and we certainly haven't given any specific guidance for F '13 yet.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Sure. Eric, our inflation expectations for the year are -- have been, obviously, pretty consistent things since we first announced them last summer. As we sit here today, we're about 90% covered. And so we have a pretty good line of sight over the year. We'll come in from an inflation standpoint. And as always, we use a number of tools for that coverage, which gives us pretty good line of sight on where the costs are going to come in. To say we've had any pullback, obviously, that's taken into account in our estimate. But again, for many of our core products, prices are still up year-over-year on a spot basis.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. What we talked about, Chris, is that we expect gross margin compression to improve or lessen in the second half of the year. There's a number of factors. One is sales growth. We do expect volumes to improve in the back half. We talked about innovation. Our media will still be up strongly, and we'll be rolling over softer volume in last year's fourth quarter. Our pricing will be fully in place. That will help -- we'll have a little bit of plus for mix. But one of the other things that maybe isn't as apparent that I think is important to point out is our inventory management. You see it very strongly in the cash flow. We came into this year knowing our sales volumes would be down. We took a very proactive stance in terms of how we managed our inventory, and we brought our inventory units down as well, actually even slightly more than our sales. Volume has come down. You see that in our cash flow, where inventory has freed up about $300 million this year versus a year ago. One of the impacts that has is you have less production units to absorb the manufacturing cost. So you have more costs coming into your P&L and the time you're bringing inventory down, and we saw that in our first half. As we look at our second half, we have really taken down the inventory to the level that we wanted to, so we'll see less of that in the second half. And that was about -- probably about a 70-basis-point drag in our first half gross margins that will not reappear in the second half. It's about $30 million in total, so about $0.03 on our EPS. So that will not reappear in the second half, and so that's one of the reasons that we have confidence, again with sales growth and pricing in place, that we'll have improved gross margins in the back half versus the first half. Still down from a year ago because of that high inflation but less compression than we saw in the first half.
