Jeff Siemon: Good morning. Thank you for joining us to hear our prepared remarks on General Mills’ Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings. Later this morning, we will hold a separate live question-and-answer session on today’s results, which you can hear via webcast on our Investor Relations website. In a moment, I’ll turn the call over to Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; and Kofi Bruce, our CFO, but before I do let me first touch on a few items up front. On our website you will find our press release on fourth quarter results that went out earlier this morning, along with a copy of the presentation. It’s important to note that our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions Jeff and Kofi will share related to the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results in fiscal ‘21. The second slide in today’s presentation lists several factors, among them the impact of the pandemic that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I’ll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Jeff.
Jeff Siemon: Alexia, this is Jeff Siemon. I’ll just add a quick color on the incentive piece. We always plan versus our internal plan and incentive at the beginning of the year would be 100 payout. If we beat our plan, that’s a headwind in the in the year, but obviously good news for our shareholders as we would have exceeded our goals. That’s what played out in ‘20. We have an internal plan for fiscal ‘21. And so assuming we deliver that plan, we’d be paying out less than we did in ‘20. But, obviously, if we beat our plan, that could change.
Jeff Siemon: Okay. Tommy, I think we’re going to wrap things here. I know, we weren’t able to get to everyone, but we want to make sure that we respect everyone’s time and length on the call. So, thank you everybody for your time and attention this morning. I appreciate the interest in General Mills. And we look forward to continuing to keep you updated on how we go from here. If you have a follow-up question today, please feel free to reach out to me and we’ll make sure we get to you. So, thanks again.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Andrew, your math is right on that. And as I said before, we try to stay in the middle of both, and one of the ways we do that is by continuing to reinvest in our business. And you see the results in the fourth quarter included a pretty significant step up on our marketing spending. And actually we think our strength at the beginning of June, especially in North America Retail is due to the fact that we are spending money on marketing because our promotion levels were actually down in June and our growth is still double digits. And so, we believe in investment and marketing and you saw that in the fourth quarter, and you’ll see that again in fiscal ‘21. You’ll also see investments for us and capabilities, particularly on the data and analytics side to drive both, our sales growth, things like ecommerce and strategic revenue management as well as cost savings projects like procurement. And so, whether COVID or not, we had planned to reinvest some of the earnings growth back into sustained top line sales growth, and that is our plan going into next year, currently.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Thanks, Chris. This is Jeff Harmening. I’m glad you asked that. First, I guess, I’d like to start by saying, the fact that we didn’t issue formal financial guidance is not a reflection of conservatism and is not a reflection of lack of confidence. It’s actually an understanding that a big determinant of how much we grow this coming year will be how the pandemic plays out, and that is highly uncertain as it relates to the duration and depth of the pandemic. So, I don’t want anyone on the call to read into it that it’s a lack of confidence or actually conservatism. In fact, we think our business will grow over the first three quarters relative to what it was pre-pandemic levels. And that’s because now we’re in a period where people are still staying at home, they’re working from home, many restaurants are either closed or people don’t want to visit. And to a question that Ken Goldman asked earlier, we think that’ll be followed by a recession. And if you look back to the last recession, General Mills performed quite well. And so, we think there’ll be an environment where we’ll be able to grow for the first three quarters followed by a fourth quarter comparison. Obviously, that’ll be very, very difficult. The other thing I guess to highlight is that our confidence stems from the fact that we’ve executed really well. We are -- we’re confident that we will emerge from the pandemic in the last few months as a stronger company. And as witnessed by our share growth in 9 of our top 10 categories in the U.S. by being the third fastest grower in Europe and leading share growth in our categories in Europe and growing in our categories in Brazil, and growing Wanchai Ferry double digits in China. So, I think -- hopefully what’ll hear is a company that is confident that the things that we can control we have a good visibility to. And I would say on top of that our marketing is particularly good right now, whether it’s North America Retail and anything like Honey Nut Cheerios, or we were very bullish on Pet and continue to be bullish on Pet after posting another year of double digit retail sales growth, and 18% reported net sales growth in the year. So that’s kind of where we -- that’s where we stand. The reason we didn’t provide guidance was because the environment is so unpredictable with the pandemic. That’s why.
Jeff Harmening: And I would like to add on to Jon’s comments. So, everything that Jon said about North America Retail is also true for all of our categories in Europe, as well as our Wanchai Ferry business in China. We saw significant penetration and gains, as well as our at-home business in Brazil, which is the vast majority of our Brazilian business. And so, whether you look at North America Retail or Europe or China or Brazil, our major markets, we’ve experienced, strong penetration gains in all of our at-home businesses.
Jeff Harmening: So, as we think about as a company, what you saw is positive price mix in the fourth quarter, because we sold a lot more through North America Retail, and we sold a lot more through pet food. And so, to the extent that we keep growing in Pet and we certainly plan to do that, and we see elevated demand in North America Retail, that actually bodes pretty well for price mix as we think about it on a Company level. It gets more complicated when you look within a geography. But let me have John Nudi answer how it has played out in North America Retail over the last quarter, because it’s important, but it’s complicated when you look at it.
Jeff Harmening: With regard to pet, I mean, we think there’s a ways to go. And if you look at the growth of the pet category -- first of all, the pet category is growing mid-single digits and is primarily on pricing. And the part of the category that’s growing the fastest is the premium part of the category. So, we certainly think there is a place to play there. And Blue Buffalo we believe is the best equity in that premium space. And I think our growth over the last couple of years would add some credence to that. We also know that people care deeply about their pets, and especially in a time of high anxiety, which I think under any circumstance you could qualify this as a time of high anxiety. People rely on the pets and the last thing I want to do is cheat their pets and the source of comfort. So, what we see in the marketplace, whether it’s through recession or whether it’s through a time like this is that one of the last things that people are interested in skimping on are their pets. And so, they don’t do that. And we see that being played on the market right now.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So, thanks Jason. And I appreciate the support for how we’ve executed the last quarter. We feel really good about it. As you said, our supply chain has held up remarkably well. And we’ve driven those supply chain gains all the way through our sales organization to our customers and feel very good about how we’ve service the business and service demand in the time when people really need it. When we look at Blue Buffalo, let me take a step back. For the year, we reported net sales 18%. Through three quarters, we were up 11%. And in the last quarter of the year, we believe that our retail sales were up somewhere in the high single digit range. And so, for the year, we had guided 8% to 10% like for like growth and we’re confident we exceeded that somewhere about the 12% range. So, for the year, we over-delivered on what we said we would. We feel great about that. In the fourth quarter, you’re right, there is a ton of noise. The retail sales look like they’re up high-single-digits. And again, that’s still share leading growth for the category, a category that’s mid-single-digit. So, we’re really pleased, even amongst the noise, with our performance on Blue Buffalo in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Harmening: So, David, the Board sets our compensation targets as well as ranges for compensation. And I’m not going to go into the depths of that, only to say that it is based on our sales performance and our operating performance and our profitability performance, and weighted equally among those measures. And we passed those kind of things down to our segments. And you’re right, it is a dynamic environment, which requires us to be dynamic in our assessment. And certainly, one of the things we look at is we assess the performance of our businesses and how competitive are they in the marketplace and how efficient were they in being competitive. And that’s why, I’d say we’re really proud of our performance. And even in areas like convenience and food service, which was down quite a bit in the fourth quarter, they actually grew share in the majority of their categories. And so, they performed well in the fourth quarter, even in an environment that was really, really difficult. And so, that’s the way you will continue to incent people. Again, it helps us stay in the middle of boat and driving sales growth, but not at all costs, and making sure we’re efficient while we do it.
Jeff Harmening: So, let me answer the question on the first quarter trends. And to say that -- the reason we don’t give quarterly guidance is because we’ve never given quarterly guidance and we’re not going to start now. You’re right, Rob, and I’m glad you pointed out, our retail sales, if you look at Nielsen, we’re off to a great start in North America Retail. So, it gets back to a question answer that I answered earlier, I think it was from Chris Growe about the confidence we have. So it’s not a lack of confidence that we’re not providing guidance. It’s really a matter of, for the year uncertainty, and for the quarter, the fact that we just don’t provide quarterly guidance. On the question on cereal, I’ll let Jon answer that in detail, but I want you to know, I am thrilled that you’re asking your question about the cereal category being good and not great when it’s growing at 6%. So with that, Jon Nudi, why don’t you elaborate on that a little bit. 
Jon Nudi: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, Andrew. So, maybe I’ll touch on consumer inventory levels or pantry levels. I’m sure a question on many people’s minds too, just customer inventory levels, and maybe I’ll go there as well. So, from a consumer standpoint, at least in North America, we believe that the majority of the product that we’ve moved to consumers has been consumed. We do believe that consumers are keeping slightly higher levels of inventory in their pantry, but we do expect that to continue. Obviously, as it’s a really dynamic environment with a pandemic still raging across the country. From a customer standpoint, we did see a drawdown in customer inventories over Q4. I guess just to quantify it, so for Q4 our organic growth was 28%. Our movement was higher though in the U.S., so it was up 37% and Canada was up 20%. And really, that difference was all driven by retailers pulling down inventories, obviously trying to keep products on the shelf. We would expect that to come back at some point in fiscal ‘21. At this point, we don’t have a great idea of when or to what extent it will come back, but definitely we saw retailers pull down inventories during Q4.
Jon Nudi: Sure. So, good morning, Ken. In terms of promotional support, obviously, in Q4 we saw retailers pull back in promotion as the focus was on keeping products in stock. As we moved into May and early June, we saw our proportional levels get back to more normal levels in most of our categories. And as we look to plan through the rest of the year, we’re planning on normal levels. So, we have not really been faced with any asks for deep discounts or deep promotional pricing. The one thing I would add is, I mean, there are certain categories that we are constrained from a supply chain standpoint and capacity standpoint. So, even if there was a desire to go harder from a promotional standpoint, we just don’t have the capacity to do that. So, I think that’s the main limiting factor across many of our categories. So, I guess to answer your question specifically, we have not had those discussions and even if they come, we’re going to be limited with what we can do.
Jon Nudi: Yes, absolutely. So, I guess when you look at penetration, we do believe it’s important to take a longer view. So, as Jeff mentioned, we look over 52 weeks versus pre-pandemic levels. We grew penetration at the majority of our categories. Importantly too, we outpaced our categories in terms of our performance and the penetration we are growing. The highest growth in penetration were in areas -- in our meals and baking areas or things like Soup, Pillsbury Refrigerated Baked Goods, desserts and flours. And we saw some significant gains. And for us 2 points of penetration equals about 2.5 million U.S. households. So, again, it’s significant. And importantly too, it’s -- when you look at it a year ago, we grew penetration in 7 of our top 10 categories. So, again, it’s not just prior to the pandemic. Versus a year ago, we’re growing overall in majority of our categories. And we’re starting to look at repeat, I’d say still early days, and again, we need a bit more time to really understand that. But repeat amongst our new households is strongest and really outpacing the categories as well. And what’s exciting to us again, our highest repeat rates are in things like Cheerios, the franchise -- Cheerios franchise, Pillsbury RBG, desserts, Annie’s Mac and Cheese; and Old El Paso. So, we worked hard over the last decade frankly to really improve our products, whether that’s improving ingredient deck, making sure that they tasted the best way possible it could. And we think that new consumers are trying out for the first time are coming back after many years, and finding a better experience. We think that’ll bode well for us as we move into fiscal ‘21 and beyond.
Jon Nudi: Yes. Sure, Jeff. So, specifically for the U.S., we saw a 250% increase in our ecommerce business in Q4. Importantly, now almost 50% of all U.S., households have purchased food and beverage products over the last year. So, again, that’s a significant step up over about seven points versus prior year from a penetration standpoint. Probably the biggest limiter in terms of why the growth couldn’t have been even higher is just retailers and their capacity to really deliver to consumers’ homes, and even click and collect the number of slots that they had. So we’re working with our retail partners to make sure that we optimize our ecommerce business with them, increasingly really connecting into their data and making sure that we take an omni-channel approach to making sure whether the customer wants to shop in the store or shop online, we’re seeing consistent campaigns and then really working from a supply chain standpoint as well and make sure that we can deliver products to our consumers -- to our customers, ultimately get it to our consumers. So, we’re exciting about ecommerce. And as Jeff mentioned we’ve been working on this for multiple years, and it’s really paying off. In the U.S. alone, we have a 1 ton index to bricks-and-mortar. So again, to the extent we sell more online, that’s good for us.
Jon Nudi: When you look at price mix, we look at it in two pays, one in the P&L, which is done on a per pound basis, and then also in Nielsen, which is on a per unit basis and saw some very different things in Q4, if you look at those different ways. So from a P&L standpoint, for the first three quarters, our price mix is actually flat. And again, that’s on a per pound basis. In Q4, to your point, it was down 7 points. So, it was a significant drag, but it was 100% driven by mix as we sold heavier products, so things like soup, desserts and flour, as well as larger size packs as consumers really moved that way. When you look at Nielsen, though, on a per unit basis, we actually saw an increase in price mix in Q4, really driven by less promotion and favorable customer mix. So, we feel like there is some pricing power out there. And one of the things again we worked hard at over the last few years is strategic revenue management, really building a toolbox that allows us to have a different levers to pull given the environment. So, I think as we look towards fiscal ‘21, you likely see less list pricing, just as inflation won’t warrant, it will be obviously competitive environment and value will matter. But things like price pack architecture and mix will be things that we focus on. And the good news again, having that out this a while, we got a pipeline of our ideas and our toolbox that we’ll be able to execute against. So we continue to expect to drive pricing mix in fiscal ‘21. It’ll probably just look a little different than how we drove in fiscal ‘20.
Jon Nudi: Yes. Obviously, if you look at distribution in Nielsen, it’s a bit of a wild picture right now. There is out of stocks and other things happening as well. I guess, if you think about our business and we compete across 24 different categories. The majority of our categories from a capacity standpoint and a service standpoint, we’re in a pretty good shape at this point. Our supply chain has done a terrific job, keeping our plants running and keeping it safe importantly for our employees, and obviously for our consumers with the food. So, the majority of our categories, we’re back up to pretty healthy service levels and haven’t seen a decrease from a distribution standpoint with our retailers. There was a trend prior to pandemic with retailers really cutting back on the number of SKUs and categories, giving more facings to higher churning SKUs, and that was really driven by ecommerce, and click and collect, and obviously having shelf capacity to service that business. We expect to see that continue. Now, we have a few categories that we have capacity constraints, soup being one of them, desserts being another one. And we’ve temporarily withdrawn a significant number of items. So, in soup, progressive soup, we pre-pandemic had something like 80 items, and now we’re down to somewhere around 50. We to expect phase -- start phasing some of those back in as we move through the first half of the year. And frankly, some of them probably won’t come back. So, again, I think we will take the opportunity to make sure that we have an efficient portfolio and one that works for us and works for our consumers. Variety is important though, when you think about soup, everyone’s got their favorite soup flavors. So, again we have to work through that as well. So, we feel good about where we are from a distribution standpoint, one of the things that -- the metric that we look at is shared distribution, because again, we do expect total distribution points to decrease as we throughout the year. And we exited the year really improving from a total share of distribution standpoint, and that’s what we’re continuously focused on as we moved through fiscal ‘21.
Jon Nudi: I would say, the short answer is probably noise more than anything. Many of the auditing groups are not going into stores at this point, or if they are, it’s inconsistent in terms of what we’re seeing. So, we’re not looking too closely at display facts. And some of the pricing gets really confusing as well. What I would tell you though, in general, we’re not seeing anything how the ordinary in terms of pricing in cereal. In fact, we pulled back some of our promotions in Q4, particularly in our cereal’s franchise where we are a bit tight from capacity standpoint. So again, we’re not seeing anything abnormal. And I think from a data standpoint, again, the total movement is something to look at and something that makes sense, I think when you start getting into some of the facts below that, I wouldn’t put a whole lot of stock in it at this point, at least we’re not.
Jon Nudi: So, we feel good about cereal category and frankly even better about our performance. So, in Q4, the cereal category grew at 26%, we grew at a similar level. And for the full year, the category grew at 5%. When you go back to even your prior, we think when you add in non-measured channels, it grew that year as well. So, we think the category was heading in the right direction. We like our performance. We’ve grown share in 11 of the last 12 quarters. We’re the clear share leader in the category. We’re doing that by strong -- having strong marketing campaigns. In fact, prior to pandemic, we were having the best year from a shares standpoint in cereals in over a decade as we’ve gotten back to the Heart Health messaging that works really well. We actually, for the first time ever changed the shape of the product to a heart for a limited time. That worked incredibly well. And our innovation is working as well. We had three of the top five new products in the category last year. So, we feel good about the category. We feel good about our performance and we think we’ll continue to grow nicely for fiscal ‘21.
