Jeff Harmening: So, thanks, Ken. So, first, I'd start with saying, we had a tremendous quarter in pet food in general and a really good first-half of the year. And I think we've proven that despite the fact that we've lapped our food, drug, and mass expansion that we can continue to grow this brand. As it relates to the topic of how we shipped relative to demand, I would say, in the first quarter of this year, we shipped behind demand. Recall our growth -- our reported growth was 6%, even though our movement was probably in high single-digits. They're a little bit of the reverse in the second quarter, where our reported net sales growth was 18%, but our movement was probably in the double-digit range. How I think about it for the first-half of the year then, our reported net sales are up about 13%. Our movement is probably up about 10%, I would say, maybe 11%, but probably about 10% or 11%. So, we have shipped a little bit ahead of movement as it pertains to this year. I would still expect us to have a strong quarter in the third quarter. Our movements remain strong. We'll see what the reported net sales impact is. But I would expect our shipments to be strong and our movement to continue to be strong because what we're seeing in the category right now is mid-single-digit growth, really led by premiumization. And because Blue Buffalo is the best brand in that and the biggest brand in that segment, we're performing well.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Andrew, it's a very good question and also a good memory from what we talked about in Q1. I mean, we – I put these in my prepared remarks, because there's a lot of speculation among us as CPG people on food, as well as investors and analysts about what's going to happen post-pandemic. And we're all looking forward to that day. But there are very few data points on what is actually happening, when governments aren't locking down restaurants and bars and things like that. And so one of the things we can – there are a couple of data points we can point to that don't guarantee what's going to happen afterwards, but at least there are data points of what's actually happened rather than speculation on what might happen. And one of those places is China, where restrictions have been lifted five or six months ago, and we're still seeing slight declines in our foodservice business. While our Wanchai Ferry dumplings business, which is a frozen business at-home, remains up double digits. And while it's not up as high as it was at the beginning of the pandemic, it's still up double digits and significantly above where it was pre-pandemic. And we think that's important, because at the very minimum, what it points to is the consumer eating habits, while they may change from where they are now once we have a vaccine and once we're post-pandemic, doesn't necessarily mean they're going to go all the way back to where they were before, or at a minimum not going to go back as fast. We're seeing a little bit of the same thing in Australia, where our current movement in Australia is not what it was at the beginning of the pandemic when they were on a lockdown. But we have seen growth in our business in Australia, even in the last few months as the restrictions have been eased. And so, we point these things out and I point these things out, because while there's a lot of speculation about what might happen, there are at least a couple of places where we're watching what is happening. And that would point to continued levels of pretty high demand even once we're – we have a vaccine and once the lockdown and restrictions have been lifted.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Andrew, let me start by -- let me start with this question. I'm going to pass it to Jon Nudi for specifics on North America Retail. I would say, in general, for this quarter, as I look at our whole enterprise, we really haven't built inventories in the second quarter. But it really does depend on the segment. So, for example, we talked a little bit about Pet, where we did ship ahead of demand and rebuild pipeline. In the consumer convenience and foodservice is the opposite, where because of school closings and all the rest, we -- certain distributors aren't carrying as much inventory. And we probably are a little bit -- our RNS is behind demand for the quarter. And in North America Retail, because our movement was about 9% and our shipments were about 9%, we saw very little movement. But maybe it'd be helpful for Jon Nudi to kind of weigh in on maybe what we saw in Q4 last year and Q1 and 2 and then kind of what the implications are for the rest of the year.
Jeff Harmening: So Laurent, as I think about our pet food business, I mean, one of the things I'm most pleased with is that we're growing across our different segments. So if you look at it by product type, if you look at dog food, whether it's wet dog food or dry dog food or dog treats, we're growing in all those segments. If you look at cat food, whether it's dry or wet or treats, we're growing in all those segments. Then if we look across channels, we're actually growing across all the channels we participate in. We're growing in the food, drug and mass channel. We're growing in -- we actually returned to slight growth in specialty. And we're actually growing quite a bit in e-commerce. And so I think that speaks to the underlying health of our pet food business when we can grow in all the different segments, whether there's consumer segments or whether it's in the channels we compete in. When it comes to how we're going to grow forward, I mean, certainly, the premiumization of pet food and the humanization of pet food is a trend we see coming. We're really excited about this tasteful launch. And it's a – pet, cat, wet food is a $5 billion segment. And we probably have about a 2 or 2.5 share of that segment, whereas, our dog dry is 10 shares. So we have a lot of ground to makeup. And what we're introducing in the marketplace is going to taste great. And we know that pet parents of cats, they want to feed their cats something in wholesome and natural, but they also need to taste good, because frankly, cats are picky eaters and certainly they can be. And so we're excited about that. When it comes to treats, we are -- we do have some treat launches lined up here for the third quarter. So we're launching those as well. We also have some more innovation in our pipeline, both on treats and in the cat food area. And so we're pretty bullish about our ability to continue to compete effectively given what we see in our innovation pipeline. And frankly, the continued premiumization and humanization in the pet food category.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So I'm really pleased with our European results. I mean, we grew share broadly in France. We grew share in Australia, and we held share in the UK. So our European business is doing well. The things that led to growth, as you say, are our Häagen-Dazs business and our Old El Paso business, which have good margins, which is why you see our profitability, up in the quarter outpacing our sales growth. But our Yogurt business, particularly in France, continues to grow. I'm really pleased with the performance of our French Yogurt business. We're growing share, but we're also growing in the absolute. We're just not growing as fast as we are in Häagen-Dazs and in Old El Paso. But we are growing our Yogurt business, particularly in France. In fact, our, Yogurt business throughout the world with the exception of the UK where we discontinued a sub-line in adult yogurt. Outside of the UK, whether it's Canada, whether it's the U.S., whether it's France, our biggest markets, we're actually growing our market share in Yogurt. And so we feel good about our performance there.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. It's a very fair question, Alexia. Let me try to unpack it for you because -- and it's a fair question. When you look at our retail sales in Europe during the quarter, they're up 11%. When you look at our retail sales in the U.S., they're up 9%. So actually, if you look at retail sales of branded products, what we're seeing in Europe is very similar to what we're seeing in the U.S. Now we have some product portfolio differences like a big Yogurt business in Europe, and it's smaller in the U.S. But we're seeing our retail growth about the same. Remember, though, that as you look at our results for Europe, our European business also contains a reasonable sized foodservice business. So think about Häagen-Dazs shops and our foodservice dough business, which are not contained in our North America Retail businesses. Also, we have some other businesses that we bought with Yogurt and with Dough and other things and corn, some private label businesses, which are not also growing not as fast, which obviously we don't have in the U.S. So, if you look at strictly retail-to-retail, I would say, Europe and the U.S. are behaving quite similarly, but we have some other businesses in Europe that would overlap into the foodservice area and a little bit in private label that drags down the overall sales result, but with still good profitability in Europe.
Jeff Harmening: So, Rob, let me -- I'll provide a little back-to-start perspective, and then we can talk about what happens in the future. I mean 18 months ago; about 5% of our business globally was through e-commerce. And in 18 months, it's now jumped to 10%. So, it's doubled over that period of time. So, a pretty significant change in a short period of time. And that is certainly true of our U.S. business, but it's also true of what we're seeing in China and Korea and Europe as well. So, it's a fairly global phenomenon. As far as where it goes, I mean, I guess the other historical perspective I would also provide is at this point in time, even though 10% of our business is through e-commerce channels, at least here in the -- particularly here in the U.S., our biggest business, about 85% of those sales actually go through store still. And that's important, because up until this point in time, we certainly haven't had to change our model very much, because most of our e-commerce sales still go through stores and grocery stores here in the U.S. or Häagen-Dazs shops in China. And so our model hasn't changed much. I don't think over the coming couple of years, our model is going to be – is going to change very much because the click-and-collect model, where consumers pick things up themselves, is so much more profitable for our retail partners. That model, I think, is going to be a – still be a predominant one in the near future. How it looks five years from now? I mean, we'll see. I do think that e-commerce will continue to grow. I think it will continue to evolve. But I would tell you, at least in the near term, I think we're very well positioned. We over-indexed in our categories because we've got great brands and we've got really good capabilities. And the business model for us is not very different than what we've seen before.
Jeff Harmening: That's a – Bryan, that's a good question, an important one and one that – to be honest, we're trying to figure out the next quarter and what our mix is going to look like. I will tell you though that, what I do see is that there are certainly a lot more people have been introduced to baking. We know that household penetration has especially increased among young families, and especially among Hispanic families. And so, we know that people have baked more and they're going to be more confident in baking, which would point to perhaps baking remaining elevated. To the extent that people work from home that would speak to the breakfast occasion or lunch occasion as occasions that will have the opportunity to benefit longer term. And so, it is possible that our mix changes. We'll have to see when we get there. What I would like is that, our meals and baking businesses here in the U.S. are -- the margins are really good on those as they are in cereal. And so to the extent the mix changes, I think we would still have an opportunity to grow profitably. And so clearly, we're all interested to see what's going to happen in F 2022 and beyond. It's a little bit early to call, but I am confident that should we see a change in mix that we can navigate in that way that we can produce -- hopefully produce some growth, but also maintain profitability as we do it.
Jeff Harmening: Sure. Let me answer it kind of top-line. And then Kofi, if you want to come in and answer anything in more detail, please feel free to jump in. I would say, as we think about capital allocation, obviously, the first call is to the business. And we've increased our capital spending this year behind some nice growth projects, especially in cereal and fruit snacks and Mexican food. The second thing we said, we would do is, once we get our leverage down was to increase our dividend, and we've increased our dividend rate by 4% so far this year. So, we've done that. And so then it begs a question, what is going to happen going forward? The first thing I would tell you is that we would hope to get to a more -- what we would consider to be more normal capital allocation process now that our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is in about the 2.9 range. So, it gives us a lot of flexibility, a lot of different ways that we can create value for shareholders. If we see some -- we'll continue to reshape our portfolio, and that's both on the acquisition front and the divestiture front. And so to the extent we see bolt-on acquisitions that we think will be accretive to our growth and good for shareholders, we now have the flexibility to do that. If on the other hand, there's nothing that we see on the horizon on the M&A front, we now have the flexibility to buy back shares if we need to do that. We don't need to necessarily wait for the end of the pandemic before we do either M&A or share buybacks. But now we have the flexibility on our balance sheet to resume those kind of activities and to create value for shareholders in a variety of ways, which we feel great about. And I think we've proven through our M&A and Blue Buffalo that we can add value through M&A. And clearly, share buybacks are something that can add value as well. So that would be the topline. Kofi, anything you want to add to that? A - Kofi Bruce No, I think we continue to be very pleased with the progress we're making on debt deleverage. And so I think as we look at that as the gate that probably most matters, we are very quickly getting back to a place where our capital structure is in the right long-term target zone. And then I would just also add that we do have an existing share repurchase plan with a fair amount of authorization remaining up and standing. So, there really isn't any additional gates should we decide that share repurchases make sense.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So the pandemic's changed a lot of things, including the ability of consumers to get into stores. What I will say is that -- what hasn't changed for Blue Buffalo and what will not change going forward is our commitment to keep educating pet parents on the value of Blue Buffalo. And as you say, there has been a huge in-store model to that historically. And we wouldn't see get -- necessarily getting away from an in-store model, but we began to supplement that, not only with TV advertising but also digital advertising and digital marketing. And so what I think you'll see is our dedication to growing the brand and growing our marketing will continue. How that marketing mix will change over time. And we think that an omnichannel approach to marketing where you have some in-store presence, but you can also meet pet parents where they are one-on-one online is going to be increasingly important part of our business. And we've done a really good job with North America Retail in that regard. And we're applying some of what we learned into Pet and plowing some new ground. We'll probably talk about that even more, maybe a quarter from now. But I think it's a really good question. What I can tell you is that the marketing model will continue to evolve, as our ways of reaching pet parents evolve, but our dedication to building the brand will remain unchanged.
Jeff Harmening: There's a lot there, because there's a lot there. What I would say is that -- let me go back to the last Great Recession, because I was actually marketing during that. The first thing I would say is that, any time you see economic turmoil, the first shift that consumers have toward value is actually not the private label. The first shift really is from away-from-home eating to at-home eating, because the economics eating at home are a lot more favorable for consumers than the economics of eating away-from-home. So that's the first big shift that takes place. So you see the categories grow. Then within that, what we saw within our categories, during the last Great Recession, we actually held share through the Great Recession. Private label actually grew as well. Private label actually grew share. And where we saw the share of losses was from middling brands. And so that is -- that's one of the things we saw during the last Great Recession. What we've seen now is that in the categories in which we compete, not only here in the U.S., but in Europe and Brazil as well, is that we continue to gain market share because we've got good brand strength as well as good supply chains. Our retail customers see that we're driving growth in the majority of our categories and they want to see that growth continue. And at least so far, we've seen private label shares decline, whether it's in pet food or human food or -- even in Europe. And so what we -- then the question is, what comes forward and we don't see any reason why consumers won't continue to buy big brands. They may -- consumers may decide to shift to more to private label, but if what happens during the last Great Recession happens again in our categories, we'll at least hold share during that period of time. So, that's -- I mean I like to try to get back to what has happened because everyone likes to speculate about what will happen and I do, too. But I think it's instructive way to go back and look to see what has happened.
Kofi Bruce: Go ahead. Sorry. Sorry, Ken. Kofi here. Thanks for the question. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, one of the things we're flagging is an expectation that we will see some of the external supply chain costs shift into Q3, which will be an offset to some of the expected leverage benefit we would expect to see with the volume that we're guiding to for the quarter.
Kofi Bruce: Absolutely. And I'll try to steer clear of getting too deep into fiscal 2022, given a humble respect for the uncertainty of the environment we've got right in front of us. But I think you have the general structure, right. There are certainly costs that we have been bearing as we deal with some of the health and safety protocols to support safe operation in this environment. Some of those could potentially go away. But I think the other and more important is, as you think about the operational costs that we're incurring to service higher levels of demand, the way that we have pursued supplementing our capacity, allows us to scale down to the extent that demand comes off its peak, even if it remains elevated. So, I think we've left ourselves with agility to not build a lot of these costs into our structure. So, I think that's the posture we've taken as we've looked at how to service demand in this environment.
Kofi Bruce: Sure. Sure. Let me just give you a sense here that the kind of -- in order of magnitude, the way to think about the cost structure on gross margin, we are expecting about 3% input cost inflation and continue to track to roughly that. Our higher operational costs to service demand in this environment, which is one of the categories that we would have flagged is being linked to the pandemic would follow that. And then, brand capabilities and investments, and then the health and safety costs also were linked to the pandemic. I think, candidly, it is getting harder to separate the COVID related costs. So we have not been doing so this year, in part because, COVID impacts, it permeates so many areas of our business, and there probably is a level of visibility that is hard to get much more granular than we have been. I think you're right, in the call about mix of business, certainly leverage, those things certainly help the margin profile, as we're seeing a lot of growth in our highest-margin businesses in pet and North America Retail driving a lot of the company's growth and that accreting to gross margin mix.
Kofi Bruce: Jason, I totally get the interruption from your son. I've had them even on investor calls. So I totally get it. And thanks for your question. Yes, so as you think about next quarter, the way to think about external supply chain cost shifting is that, we were able to service more of our demand through internal capacity in Q2. We didn't need to rely as much on it. But as we go into Q3 with an expectation of demand remaining elevated and recognizing and linking to the fact that we didn't see as much inventory replenishment in North America retail, we would expect to have to lean more heavily on external supply team in Q3, as we expect to make some progress against that inventory rebuild. The other component to your point, so most of that would – outcome at gross margin that would be potentially some additionally cost that come through at the admin line as we advance some of the investment in capability.
Kofi Bruce: Yes. Yes, sorry. Just want to make sure, I am still on, so question was kind of our channel. As we look at our Q2, we saw Pet Specialty probably lagging the other two channels; e-commerce, up double digits as we look at the shape of our business. That's about one-third of our sales in Pet, and FDM at almost 40%, as we look at the measured.
Jon Nudi: Yes. Thanks, Jeff, and hi, Andrew. In terms of North America Retail, we did ship in Q4 of fiscal 2020 about 9 points -- shipments lagged consumption by about 9 points. As we move through the first-half of fiscal 2021, we were able to replenish about 4 points of that gap. So there's still about 5 points to make up. And we do believe by the end of the fiscal year, we'll get there. The majority of our categories were actually in pretty good shape from a capacity standpoint and a service standpoint. But we have a few that we're still -- have some significant issues with, things like soup and dessert mixes, auto pasi taco shells. We do believe we'll get better through Q3. And by the end of Q4, I think we'll be back to where we want to be from an inventory standpoint.
Jon Nudi: Yes, absolutely. So, for the U.S., in particular, in Canada as well, we're seeing less promotional activity, really through the first half of our year. It's primarily driven by a decrease in depth of promotion. So, frequency looks pretty similar across the majority of our categories. But again, promo frequency is down in capacity-constrained categories, though. So, again, it's really a category-by-category dynamic that's going on. Things like soup, we chose to pull a significant amount of merchandising, really through our first half to make sure that we had product available as we get into key season. Desserts would be the same thing as well. So, as we move to the back half, we think in the majority of our categories, you're going to see promotion levels normalize versus what we've seen prior to the pandemic. I think we'll still see lower levels of depth of discount in some of the categories that are capacity-constrained. And I'll tell you; again, it's a balancing act. Obviously, we want to be competitive. Our retailers want to be competitive. But I think everyone wants to do it profitably as well. So, it's a dynamic discussion that's going on with our retail partners and something we'll continue to assess as we move through the back half of the year.
Jon Nudi: Yes. Sure, Rob. A couple of things. I mean, I think, the variety of SKUs really needs to be looked at category-by-category. So, as you know, we -- or we put on hold a significant number of soup SKUs as we went into the pandemic. What we learned was some of those we can do without, but some of them are important because variety matters to consumers. So, you have to start with the consumer and really understand what they're looking for. The broader trend that we're seeing, though, particularly with retailers -- and Jeff mentioned that 85% of e-commerce is click-and-collect. So, those orders are being fulfilled from the shelf. And for the retailers to really be efficient and run the shelf well, both for the customers coming in as well as the customers driving through, they are moving to fewer SKUs on the shelf with higher velocity and for us, we think that plays well for our brands. Our brands tend to be number one or number two in the category. We've been focused on building our brands. And this is the third or fourth consecutive year in a row in North America Retail where we've grown share in the majority of our categories. So, we think we're set up well for the dynamic that's going to play out in the shelf in the future.
