Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Tanya. And on behalf of General Mills, thanks everyone for joining us this morning. I'm here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; and Don Mulligan, our CFO. In addition, Jon Nudi, who leads our North America Retail segment, is joining us for the Q&A portion of the call. I'll hand the call over to them in a moment, but before I do let me cover a few different housekeeping items. A press release on our Q4 and full year fiscal 2019 Inc. results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning and you can find the release and a copy of the slides that supplement this morning's remarks on our Investor Relations website. I'll remind you that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation was factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Jeff.
Jeff Siemon: Alexia, this is Jeff Siemon. I'd just add that, if you look at the full year, North American retail Nielsen's versus shipments was directly in line with what we said at the beginning of the year which is we'd lag by about one point and that's what we saw for the full year.
Jeff Siemon: We do. I mean again, we definitely see our retail partners focus on working capital and we think they'll continue to make -- take and put initials in place to reduce inventories over time. We'll be at the same -- to the same extent as this year. I don't know, but we expect it to continue.
Jeff Harmening: Yeah, Ken on your last question, yes. It will all – the extra month will all come in Q4. As far as the contributions to the organic growth, I mean, there is really three components. We said that CNF, Europe, Australia and Asia and LatAm will grow at the same rate – grow but at the same rate as this year. So the increase for next year is really – we're seeing it step up from a combination of Blues’ like-for-like growth at 8% to 10% we talked about the extra month and the base business. In fact they grow by about equally weighted, so you are probably a little high on what you're guessing for what you are estimating for the month and you should look for all three of those to have roughly equal weighting in that improvement from this year.
Jeff Harmening: I agree with Jon's perspective that it's not structural. It's some of the renovation execution in fact to that end, we're confident we'll sequentially improve in the first quarter in the first half of next year on Snacks and that will accelerate even further in the back half of the year.
Jeff Harmening: Well, there are two questions in there. One's about brand building support and the other about margins. So let me take the first, and I'll push it over to Don for the second. In terms of brand building support, what you will see is us increase our investment behind our brands especially our priority brands and businesses as we look at next year. And so, well I made some remarks. When you think about Cereal and what we like. We like what we see in Cereal. Obviously, U.S. Yogurt is improving and we want to keep that trend up. We need to get Snacks back on track. You'll see us invest behind some really good ideas on bars and on snacks, and then our accelerator platforms. So the things that are the biggest priority for us you'll see us improve our brand building not only because they're priority, but because we get good returns and we got some really good marketing on a lot of those businesses. So from a brand building perspective and then the same will be true with Blue Buffalo. And Blue Buffalo we're really encouraged by the trends we see in Food, Drug and Mass and we've got great marketing on Blue Buffalo. So you'll see us invest behind all those businesses as well as capabilities to drive growth. We talked about SRM and we're pleased with what we've done but there's more we can do. And with the e-commerce whether it's on Blue Buffalo or whether it's on our core business we think that there is more we can do and invest in those capabilities.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So I mean, two questions -- two responses, Andrew. One is on, how we guide and the second is about kind of what our expectations are on how we guide. I mean, there's a natural tension there, because on the one hand, it occurs to us that doing what you said you're going to do is pretty important. And so we set our guidance accordingly. On the other hand, nobody really likes a sandbagger either in business or in golf. And so we don't -- we're not trying to be too conservative either. We want to set targets we think are going to be realistic that are going to drive value for shareholders, but that we're going to hit. So just is that as a -- that's the way we think about it. In terms of our organic sales growth next year, really Blue Buffalo's going to make a big contribution, but we think the North -- we've got great plans for North America Retail and that we think North America Retail, that's where we can see improvement behind maintaining momentum on Cereal, which we feel good about, improving our Yogurt business and improving U.S. Snacks. And so with those three things improving to the extent that we can hold with growth on Convenience & Foodservice, hold our business in EU, [indiscernible] where it is on growth and continue mid single-digit growth on Asia and Latin America that would -- that tells me that growing Blue Buffalo and improving our top line sales in our two areas we can look forward for growth.
Jeff Harmening: A little less. We noted our HMM and inflation projections for 2019 are a little more in balance than we came in -- from 2020, excuse me, are a little more in balance when we came in for 2019, yes.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So in the fourth quarter our sales in e-commerce were about 14% and the category itself grew less than that. So it really was about 10% or 11%. So we've gained share and gain share commensurate to what we've seen throughout the year, so it was really not a -- it’s not a slowdown in our competitive positioning within the category. If you are agreed about that the channel itself slowed. And I think there are probably a couple of components of that. The first is that there were players in that channel who were trying to take more profit in the category and then their sales slowed. I will also say if you look at Nielsen, you can see that not only the Blue Buffalo pickup in the last quarter of the year, but the FDM channel picked up significantly…
Jeff Harmening: …in the last quarter of the year, behind I would say Blue Buffalo loss. And so that is certainly another component. What I expect going forward, we'll talk about more on Investor Day, I -- pet food is really something that's built for e-commerce and whether that e-commerce takes place with pure players or whether it takes place with our traditional retail customers, I would expect at some point what we're going to see is that the e-commerce channel itself will start to reaccelerate and that will accelerate with it. But it's not -- to answer your question it's not Blue Buffalo getting less competitive. We feel great about our position related to the category itself.
Jeff Harmening: Well, you are right Jason. We had some simply benefits in the fourth quarter from the building that the inventory in the pipeline in the -- as we launched in FDM. That was simply beneficial from a profit standpoint and grew at 27% margin in the fourth quarter. We would expect margin expansion from full year F 2019 going into full year F 2020 and primarily driven by the fact that we are going to have the inventory step up in the numbers. So we expect Blue to be driving very solid margins and certainly be as margin accretive as we expected when we purchased the business a year ago.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, we're seeing -- thanks for the question Chris. What we are seeing is that the growth in our FDM channel is highly incremental and we -- it looks to us about 70% incremental to everywhere else. And what I would also say is that our household penetration continues to rise and that is the highest predictor of future success as your growth household penetration. And so as we look at the FDM channel what -- our volume is really being sourced from other brands within the FDM channel. And you can see at the FDM channel itself is growing in terms of dollars. And so as we've expanded into FDM channel, one of the things we're most pleased with is that our business is not being sourced from the other members of the wholesome natural segment as much as it is brand in the middle. And so the whole segment is rising the whole natural segment is rising. And that tells us there is a great demand for these kind of products and Blue Buffalo is the market leader and that's kind of what we expected with our launch in FDM and we're really pleased that it's working out that way.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, David, thanks for the question and I'll take this one. As far as the phasing we're surprised to see the strongest growth in Blue in the middle part of the year Q3 -- Q2 and Q3. Q1 will be hampered a little bit by the fact that we had an extra week in our fiscal 2019 Q1. And obviously in Q4, we left the launch involvement in the expansion of Wilderness. The other factor in Q4 is that we're going to get the benefit of the extra month which as I mentioned in earlier question that all falls in Q4. So, on the like-for-like basis that 8% to 10% we talked about strongest in Q3 -- Q2 and Q3, a little less in Q1 and Q4 for the reasons I've mentioned and then the full benefit of the calendar change in Q4. I hope that helps. To your other point, we do expect to continue to see distribution gains clearly not at the rate we saw this year given the fact that we made the big launch in Walmart, but you'll continue to see us if you leave the latest Nielsen we're already up versus the 65 that we had in the end of April. So, we're in the low 70s already. So, we expect to continue to expand that as F 2020 unfolds.
Jeff Harmening: David, yes, we're not concerned about that when it comes to Blue Buffalo. There -- while there is some pressure on protein, it's less on chicken which is the major protein in Blue's portfolio. Now, African swine fever is impacting our pork prices and we are seeing that in our Asian business and our China business, but less so with our Blue business.
Jeff Harmening: Sure Alexia. So, as we look at the quarter, Q4 came in for North American retail very much as we expected. It was actually our strongest quarter of the year from a Nielsen standpoint. So we feel good about the momentum that we're driving in the market. We had about a point half gap between Nielsen movement and what we reported in net sales. And what I pointed out was an inventory drag that we've seen all year as retailers are working on, reducing their working capital and pulling inventories down. There was about a half point related to merchandising timing and again this expense that was in Q4 as we got back to normalized levels of merchandising. So that was really the one thing in Q4 that really affected both price mix as well as our reported net sales. Again, as we look at our momentum in the market, we look at our share position, we feel really good about the momentum that we have as we move into the coming year and feel good about our plans as well.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, I think the way I look Ken -- this is Jeff. The way I look at it is that we keep making improvements towards our long-term algorithm and I think we took a step this year when we acquired Blue Buffalo and we'll take another step forward in fiscal 2020. And I think the most important part of getting to mid-single-digit operating profit really is to drive organic sales. And between Blue Buffalo and what we expect with NAR next year, we think we'll take another step forward with driving our organic sales to 1% to 2% which is higher than we've done in the past few years. And we're disciplined as we look at cost of doing it. And then we'll look to take another step the following year and so for me the steady progression is the key and it really starts actually with organic sales.
Jeff Harmening: Yes I'll build on what Don said. I mean it's interesting you characterize the data as a war and I'm not really sure I view it that same way. I mean, I think that our ability to use data to drive our Consumer First strategy is actually a potential for high competitive advantage because it requires a scale. And we have proprietary data through our three big websites. We think we'll have proprietary data through Box Tops for Education; we'll talk about -- a little bit about that in the coming weeks. And data analytics is something where scale matters and not only for the retailer, but for us. And we think that the fact that some of our retailers are getting more sophisticated with data actually helps us because we think that we'll be able to utilize that better than some of the other players especially some of the smaller players in the market. And so, I understand that it makes people nervous when we start talking about data and when our retailer starts talking about that, but I don't view it as a war. Actually I think it's a net opportunity for us.
Jeff Harmening: Okay. I think we've hit the bottom of the hour. So I know we didn't get acquainted to everyone, but we appreciate the time that you all spent this morning. We are around all day for follow-up questions for those of you that we didn't get to. Thanks again for the interest in General Mills and hope everyone has a wonderful day. Thanks Tanya.
Jon Nudi: Yeah. Ken, thanks for the question. I think the short answer is probably not. In fact LÄRABAR grew 11% for the year. And I think there's some comps as we got into Q4. And LÄRABAR a big portion of that business is actually a non-measured channel's where we continue to do quite well. And we are very focused and frankly not satisfied with our performance on both Nature Valley and Fiber One and that's really what we need to turn around in the coming year. Nature Valley's really about getting back with meaningful innovation. We just launched Krispy Kreme wafer bar that we're excited about and it's very early days, but the early returns are good. And frankly, we didn't execute very well. We missed some key windows from a merchandising standpoint back to school. On Nature Valley, we feel like we've got good plans in place after this year. You know Fibre One's been a structural issue over the last few years. Consumer's, weight managers have really changed in terms of what they're looking for in terms of the macros of a product. So we just reformulated that product. It's flowing in the market now again early days but encouraging signs there as well. So, what I'd tell you we like LÄRABAR we don't believe there's a structural issue there. We love EPIC that's continued to grow nearly 50% this past year. It's really Nature Valley and Fiber One that we're focused on as we move into fiscal 2020.
Jon Nudi: Yeah. I don't have a lot to add. Jeff touched on where the investment is going to go to drive the top line. And as you alluded to and as Jeff commented in his opening remarks, our focus is maintaining our strong margins and that's what the plan is here to do.
Jon Nudi: Yes, sure. So Andrew you're right in the fact that there are some fluctuations between quarters for the back half of fiscal 2019, we were -- drove about a point of price/mix and that was the same as for the year as well. So we feel really good about our ability to leverage our SRM toolkit and really drive some pricing in the market. And we have good confidence as we move into fiscal 2020 that we'll continue that through Q1 and really through the fiscal 2020 as well.
Jon Nudi: Yes, absolutely Chris. So, -- you are absolutely right, we had some fluctuations between quarters. Again, importantly to remember, for the year, we drove a point of price mix into the back half. We drove a point. There were several differences between Q3 and Q4 and the biggest driver of that was trade timing and really the comp to last Year. Last April and May, we had very little merchandising in some of our major businesses. We got back to just normal levels of merchandising this year and that drove some trade expense. So, again, we are very confident in our ability to take pricing and really leverage our SRM toolkit and we expect that to continue as we move into fiscal 2020 as well.
Jon Nudi: Yes, that's right. Again, we were just getting back to normalized levels. Our comps last year, again, we didn't have a lot of merchandising particularly in the months of April and May.
Don Mulligan: Yes. We didn't give guidance on the latter, but it's certainly about 3.5%, so pretty much in line as a percent of sales of this -- from this year. As far as the construct of the P&L, you'll actually see some gross margin expansion. The key contributors you mentioned about the price -- the positive price/mix that we expect to get that Jeff alluded to. We also obviously have the one-time benefit of rolling over the inventory step up charge that was in F 2019. So we will see gross margin expansion. The investments that Jeff talked about in our brands and in our capabilities will be SG&A investments. So, you'll see SG&A go up as a percent of sales, again as I answered in the earlier question leading to stable operating margins.
Don Mulligan: Yes, we are seeing the traction we wanted to see as we launched into the FDM channel. In fact our proportion of wet and treats is higher in FDM than it is in Pet Specialty and that's what we thought we would see as we enter the channel. Again it gives us confidence that we understand the business and how it's going to evolve. What I would tell you is that we also think there's a big opportunity to innovate in the wet and treats area and you won't see that as much -- specially in the first half of F 2020, it'd really be on continued distribution in the growth in wet and treats in the distribution. But we think there's a second act in that and that second act is really around innovation in both of those important segments. I would also say -- it wasn't asked, but as we look at the expansion in the Food, Drug, and Mass, we expanded distribution in America, but we also launched in Wilderness and we're really pleased with both of those expansions. They are right on track and they're growing well and so we see continued growth from those.
Don Mulligan: Hey Ken, this is Don. We just gave two fiscal 2020 guidance, so we're going to hold off on talking anything beyond fiscal 2020 at this…
Don Mulligan: Rob, I'll start with the larger picture and comments and I'll let Jeff go into little bit more about how we are thinking about that. But in terms of the margins just bringing up Jeff's answer to Ken's question is, it really is going to be triggered off, continue to accelerate our organic growth. Your comments on NAR, CNF and Blue Buffalo strong margin is well taken. It’s not those businesses don't have opportunity, but they are already very healthy and frankly driving growth in those businesses as a topline growth is very attractive for position even at the current strong margins. As we look longer though, we do know we have opportunity internationally and as we think about margin expansion beyond fiscal 2020, we need the internationals where the percentage margin benefit can come from. As far as the data analytics or investments, we will continue to invest in our brands and in our capabilities. We're targeting now, continue to build out what we are doing with e-commerce and SRM by getting deeper into the data analytics with something that has served us well and we will continue to invest and actually we think it's a key driver of our ability to drive that and accelerate that topline growth.
