Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Sarah, and good morning to everyone. I'm here with Jeff Harmening, our CEO; and Don Mulligan, our CFO, who will share a few remarks in a moment.  Before I turn the call over to them, let me cover our usual housekeeping items. A press release on first quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. And you can find this release and a copy of the slides that supplement this morning's remarks on our Investor Relations website. I'll remind you that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. And the third slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates.  And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Don. 
Jeff Siemon: So our net price -- Jason, this is Jeff Siemon. Our net price in North America was down 2 points. And I think the trade expense phasing was the full amount of that on rough terms. 
Jeff Siemon: I think that's all the time we have. Everyone, please, I know we didn't get quite to everybody in the queue, I imagine. So please feel free to give me a ring. I'm on the phone all day today. With that, I think we'll wrap up. Thanks. Thanks, Sarah. 
Donal Mulligan: Yes. Andrew, this is Don. We did come into the year, obviously as you mentioned, with the funky trade expense relationship, which I'm happy to go into a bit more as we talk about gross margins. But I think we do -- as you saw in the first quarter, we saw positive pricing in our retail sales in U.S. We had that reverse because of the trade expense phasing in our P&L. So as the year unfolds and as that trade expense unfavorability unwinds, we will see better pricing come through on our P&L, too, more reflective of what you're seeing in the marketplace. 
Donal Mulligan: Sure. Let me maybe talk about gross margin more fully because I'm sure you're not the only one with questions on it. And I guess I'd start with saying that, as Jeff noted in the release and in his remarks, our top line came in as expected. Our bottom line was a little bit short but not materially, not material enough certainly to change our full year expectations. We expected operating profit -- segment operating profit to be down double digits. So the actual results were not materially off of that. And importantly, as I've already said, we continue to hold to our total company SOP guidance for the year with flat to plus 1%, and frankly for each of our segments as well, the guidance we gave in July on margins to be higher in North America C&F and Asia, LatAm still holds, and to be down in EU/AU, driven by the currency-driven inflation on our imported products in the U.K. So both the total company and in each segment, we're holding to the guidance that we provided in July. As we look at the quarter, there were the 3 items that we mentioned: deleverage, the input cost phasing and the trade expense phasing. The volume deleverage was the smallest of those. That was probably 20% of the miss, and then the other 2 were kind of evenly split. But I think the most important thing is as we look forward, we expect improvement in each of those areas. HMM will accelerate as the year unfolds. And that's because we will start to see in the back half, particularly the fourth quarter, the initial benefits of our global sourcing initiative that we began talking about at CAGNY last year. Volume obviously get better as we expect that strong retail sales to flow through into our RNS, our reported sales results. And the year will strengthen, as we have said, throughout Q2. It will be better than Q1. Second half will be better than the first half. And then the trade expense will be lessened as the year unfolds. And in there, we saw higher year-over-year Q1 trade expense. And that was due primarily to North America Retail. And again, this really comes down to accrual accounting. And I have to do a little bit of an accounting detail here because it's an important factor. Trade expense is recognized each quarter based on our estimated annual spending, our actual quarterly shipment volume and estimated quarterly merchandise or promoted cases. It all equals out for the full year, of course. But at times, there can be quarterly variances between in-market spending and the expense on the P&L. Given the actions we were taking in the market last year, Q1 was one of those times. In last year's Q1, as part of our efforts to remove unprofitable trade, we made targeted changes to our back half spending. Those changes impacted what we expensed in Q1, resulting in our reported expense being lower than our in-stores -- than our in-market spending. And that's not the case this year. This year, our in-market spending for the quarter was actually slightly below last year. But due to the expense recognition phasing in F '17, reported trade expense is up in the quarter. And this expense unfavorability will reverse over the course of the year and that will provide margin plus, again, particularly in the back half. And again, while this is very much kind of inside baseball on the accounting side, I think what's important and should be reassuring is our marketplace metrics. Our U.S. average unit price across our categories was up 2%, excluding yogurt. That was 1 point higher than our categories. And that's the more telling side of our merchandising activity in the market. It's also worth noting that we're improving our execution in market and the quality of our merchandising was better in the first quarter with, for example, display up this time versus last year. So there's a number of factors, and as I said going into the year, we had visibility to those. They were baked into our plan. And our visibility to the full year and our confidence on delivering the full year is no different after reporting this quarter than it was when we released guidance in July. 
Donal Mulligan: Yes. Well, I think there's 2 things. There's a longer-term trend and a shorter-term trend. The shorter-term trend that we see, actually both in Q4 and Q1, was our sales strengthened as the quarter unfolded. So the exit rate of our sales was stronger than the average for the quarter, which means we had more shipments late in the year -- late in the quarter, so we had more receivables on the balance sheet just from a timing standpoint. Jeff showed you the chart, for example, of the U.S. Retail sales trends and the improvement every month. So that can happen. That's quarter-to-quarter and it just depends on the phasing. The longer-term one is as we continue to see a mix of our business more international that have longer payment cycles both on the receivables and the payable side, that will have, if you will, a mix effect on it. Our payables is -- our receivables, as you look in each market, are very competitive. It really becomes a mix play over time. And we continue to focus on keeping those at the right level. And again, in our working capital, we think the bigger lever is on our payables side. 
Donal Mulligan: Yes. Well, the trade expense, as it evens out over the course of the year, will actually go from a drag in the first quarter to a plus, particularly a plus in the second half of the year. So that will actually, in terms of our reported sales, will be accretive as the year unfolds. In the marketplace, we will be seeing different dynamics in the second and third quarter on our seasonal businesses than a year ago. So that what you'll see in the marketplace will differ a touch from what you're going to see in our reported sales. But in both cases, certainly in the retail market, we still expect for the full year to be showing neutral to positive pricing. 
Donal Mulligan: Yes. So Jason, as we said at the beginning of the year, our expectation is that we're going to see sales sequentially improve first quarter to second quarter, first half to second half. And we expect profit to be down in the first half and then positive profit growth in the second half. And that's still our expectation. And it's driven -- for the 3 factors I mentioned, that in terms of our margin, the expansion that we're going to get between HMM and inflation is going to be strongest in the second half, particularly the fourth quarter as global sourcing contributes to a greater extent. The sales strength and the volume associated with that will give us less volume deleverage as the year unfolds, and then the trade expense reversal. So we still expect -- and the trade expense reversal, to be clear, is primarily in the back half because, again, last year, as we eliminated the trade, it was really a back half trade elimination. So the comparisons are going to be -- are most acute in a positive sense this year in the back half of the year. So that guidance still holds. We expect our operating profit and our EPS to be down again in Q2 and then turn positive in the second half of the year. 
Donal Mulligan: Yes, Pam, this is Don. There was a couple of factors. One is that -- just as we've seen, as Jeff was talking about with our U.S. Yogurt business, as we see some of our positions in Light and in Greek, as you've seen those negative trends in the U.S., we're starting to see a little bit of that in our foodservice business as well. We think there's an opportunity to launch Oui and get some presence in Oui in our foodservice segment. And we think that will help reverse it and continue to drive our Parfait Pro business. More importantly, as we look forward, we continue to see terrific performance in our cereal business, and we're going to grow on that. And we actually have seen that as the school year has started. We're getting terrific take on our products, continue to get terrific take on our college and universities. And then most importantly, if you remember last year, we talked about the fact that we didn't really have a good bid season with the K-12 frozen breakfast. We missed some windows. And this year, we were able to get those accounts back. And we obviously started shipping that as the school year started. So we will see that strengthen as the year -- as the second quarter starts. And those are the things that are going to turn the Focus 6. We still expect Focus 6 to be a contributor to sales this year and show sales growth. We think cereal, we think our frozen business, and we think our snacks business in C-store can contribute as well as we get presence with some of the Nature Valley innovation that we've driven in retail, like the cups business. So we still feel good about it. It was a quarter that the sales weren't as strong we'd like, clearly, but it doesn't diminish our expectations for the full year. And frankly, we think we'll start seeing that strength return in Q2. 
Jeffrey Harmening: So the spending profile we have this year and the guidance we've given for EPS really doesn't handcuff us to do the things that we want to do. In fact, one of the things that I see as I look at the first quarter, I'm pleased that the areas where we've invested in marketing spending, so Nature Valley, for example, which is up 8%; Häagen-Dazs ice cream, which retail sales are up 20%; cereal, where we've closed the gap on growth. The areas where we've invested in consumer spending are the ones where we've seen the best results. And I'm really pleased with our marketing efforts and the quality of our marketing in the first quarter. Our execution has been really good. So the short answer, Andrew, no, the guidance we've set out does not handcuff us to do what we need to do to get our business back to growth -- to get the business back to growth. And the key for us is making sure that as we make investments, we're monitoring whether they're working or not. And so far, what we've seen in the marketplace, whether it's the spending on the brands I just talked about or the innovation on Yoplait, are playing out the way that we had anticipated. And we're really pleased with that. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Well, so first of all, I appreciate the question on e-commerce. I touched on it because there have been a few things written on e-commerce here in the first quarter. And in July, with investors in the investor meeting, recall that I said, "Look, I like our chances in e-commerce." And I think a few heads kind of looked at me sideways like, "Are you sure?" And what I want to reiterate is that we've seen really good growth in e-commerce, and it's been broad-based. And the question you ask is a good one in that when people think of e-commerce, a lot of times they just think of Amazon. But we have, throughout our customer base, whether it's the likes of Walmart or a Kroger or a lot of our East Coast customers, we have e-commerce sales throughout our customer base. And we're being successful across them. And so whether it's click and collect or whether it's delivery, what you need to know is that when it comes to full basket sales, we feel good about the progress we've made and the shares that we have. In terms of the economics for us on delivery versus click and collect, I'm not going to get deep into it, other than to say that there's not really a difference in the economics for us. And the way we manage our categories across those two is not dramatically different. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Rob, thanks for that question. This is Jeff. Let me talk to you broadly about retail inventory and let me then talk more specifically about cereal. If you look at retail inventory for the quarter, there really wasn't a change at all as we look across our U.S. portfolio. So there wasn't -- there was not an impact from -- we call it pipeline. But a retail inventory change, there wasn't one at all. But there are differences between categories. So for example, we actually built inventory in our soup business because as we head into the season, we expect our merchandising to increase. Our retail inventory in cereal actually decreased because, as we said in June, we had a build-up in the prior quarter. The reason why -- but our inventory levels in both cases are reasonable. And so as we look ahead, getting to cereal specifically, our reported net sales were down 7% in the quarter. Nielsen was actually only down 1%. And frankly, if you look at where we did in unmeasured channels, which is about another 1 point, our sales were about flat overall on cereal. So there's about a 7 point gap between reported net sales and what we see organic -- our retail sales to be. Of that gap, about half of it is expense timing that Don talked about, our trade expense timing. And the other half is a change in pipeline and really reversal from what we saw the prior quarter. For these reasons, that's why we're confident as we look ahead on cereal. The gap, cereal specifically, the gap between reported net sales and retail sales will close because we know what that expense phasing looks like. And we know that, that will correct itself over time. And we also know that we don't have an extraordinary level of retail inventory. And so we're in a pretty balanced place. And so we would expect that to even out over time. So we've got a pretty good line of sight to both of those things, which gives us confidence to tell you that we're -- the delta between reported net sales and what we see at retail will close. 
Jeffrey Harmening: So Chris, as we look at our categories, the starting point, I would say, is that private label penetration in the categories in which we compete is only about 18% -- or about 10% versus 18% more broadly. So we see lower private label penetration in our categories. What you say really is true in that as we looked over the last 12 months, there have been a couple of categories where we've seen pretty significant growth in private label. But broadly speaking, that hasn't been the case. And those 2 categories, I don't think -- and not consequentially, are in refrigerated dough and in soup, where the fact that we weren't very competitive on merchandising over the last year kind of opened the door. And so as we look at cereal, we don't see a big growth in private label. As we look at yogurt, we don't see a big growth in private label. As we look at bars, we don't see a big growth in private label. And those are areas where we've been more competitive, and we like our innovation and our marketing. And so what I would say is, look, the challenge of private label will be there, in fact internally we call them retail brands. So it's something we take seriously. But your remark is right in that we don't see broad-based growth in private label in our categories, really a couple. And other than that, when we do our job on innovation and marketing and we get our price points right, we're able to compete very effectively with retail brands. 
Jeffrey Harmening: No. Retail margin changes wasn't really a big driver in the quarter for us. I mean, what really -- if you look at retail sales, what drove our positive pricing was a combination of 2 things I talked about. One is our baseline sales outpaced our growth overall. So we saw a 300 basis point improvement in our overall sales. But our everyday sales were up 450 basis points. And the other thing that drove it was we got really good quality merchandising. We had good display merchandising at higher price points. And that's really what drove our pricing improvement over the last quarter. And the reason why you don't see that translate into reported net sales is what Don talked about earlier, which is the trade expense phasing. And so that really is the reason why you see the results that we posted in the first quarter. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. So as we look at our yogurt business, let me go broad picture and then I'll work it down a little bit more on Yoplait Original distribution. Broadly speaking, what we said this year for our yogurt business to get better is that we needed our innovation to work. And we're pleased by that, both on Oui and our yogurt Mix-ins. And we needed to see some improvement in our Yoplait Original and our Go-GURT businesses because -- we needed to see those because we're going to see declines in Yoplait Light and Greek 100. And so we're seeing the declines in Yoplait Light and Greek 100. Our innovation has worked the way we expected. And we're starting to see improvements in our Yoplait Original and our Go-GURT business. The Go-GURT trends have really accelerated dramatically in the last few weeks because we've introduced some new innovation on our existing business, easier-opening tubes with some really good marketing. So we've seen that accelerate faster. And we're now starting to see an impact from distribution growth on Yoplait Original. And that's really only been recently and will accelerate in the second quarter. And so I would anticipate that our distribution on Yoplait Original will improve in the second quarter from where it was in the first quarter, and we should see the results follow. Some of that is going to be replacement of things that weren't as successful. So as we see declines in distribution on Yoplait 100 and on Yoplait Light, it certainly won't be all incremental distribution, but we expect some of it to be incremental because some retailers probably cut back too far on Yoplait Original in the past. So some of it will be incremental, but certainly not all of it. Some of it will be replacing what we've lost in Yoplait Light and Greek 100. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. Our yogurt shelf space now is down from where it was a year ago, and that we expected. But we also expect that, that position will improve throughout the year. And we continue to expect that in everything we see. Based on what we see now in the second quarter and what we anticipate from our new product innovation in the back half, we'd say that our distribution will improve as the year unfolds. Whether it's gets to positive or not, I don't know. But it will improve from where it currently is as the year progresses. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Well, Rob, look, it's a fair question and I certainly understand it. But it really is just optics. The reason for -- I'm not getting into soup. But for cereal, the fact is that the difference between what you see in reported net sales and what we actually saw in retail was really the 2 things I said, it was the change in retailer inventory and the phasing of trade expense, which does not mean more trade expense or deeper trade expense, it really just is a timing issue. And so look, I understand the concern and I understand the broader narrative. But when it comes to cereal, that really hasn't been the case for us. The results you see and the discrepancy is really as I described. And so while I understand the question, I just want to be clear that we know those things that drove the difference. And we see those -- that gap closing as the year unfolds. 
Jeffrey Harmening: So let me -- you asked a series of questions. I will try to make sure that I hit all of them. If I don't, please follow up. But when we look at snacks for bars and for yogurt, I mean, they really are driven by innovation and constant innovation and news. And as we look at the yogurt section itself, it has expanded over time. I'm not sure that yogurt is over-SKU-ed. But certainly, it's expanded so much as new innovation comes to the market, I don't think we'll see the same level of expansion in that category and distribution that we have seen. So the key really is to have the best innovation brought to the marketplace. And there probably are some underperforming SKUs that can be taken out, some of which are ours, which I talked about Light and Greek 100. But some are competitors as well. And so that's why it's critical for us that we have good, new product innovation in yogurt as well as good news on our established brands, which we feel like we have now. And we see our retail trend starting to improve, and we expect them to improve more. While we are satisfied that we made progress in the first quarter, we are not satisfied in the absolute, either for our yogurt business or overall. When we get back to growth, then we'll be more satisfied. So when it comes to the snack bars, the bars category is still growing, when you look at nutrition bars and grain bars. And certainly, the key for us is that we have brands that are growing within that Nature Valley, which is the largest in the bars category, and LÄRABAR. And those 2 are providing a significant amount of growth in bars, just those 2 brands alone. And so again, like yogurt, the key for us in bars is making sure we have good, new product innovation as well as terrific marketing on our established brands. And we feel like we have both of those on Nature Valley and LÄRABAR. And we're working to get that on Fiber One. 
