Jeffrey Harmening: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our second quarter fiscal 2018 results. Our biggest challenge entering 2018 was to change the momentum on our top line. And I’m pleased to say that we have delivered broad-based improvement in the second quarter across geographies, product platforms and channels. We’re executing better. We have stronger innovation, more effective brand building and better merchandising that’s driving market share gains in the majority of our key global platforms. We’re growing aggressively in key emerging channels like e-commerce. And I’m also pleased to say that, we grew organic sales in absolute terms across all four of our operating segments this quarter. And while we like our momentum, I must say, it feels great to grow again in absolute terms. While we like the momentum we’re building on our top line, we also know we have work to do to deliver the year. Our second quarter total segment operating profit was improved over the first quarter, but still down over a year-over-year. We have concrete plans in place to deliver strong profit growth in the second-half of the year, while continuing to drive our top line. So with two quarters behind us and good visibility to our back-half plans, we are raising our organic sales outlook for the year and maintaining our guidance for profit and EPS growth. With that as a summary, let me turn it over to Don Mulligan to provide more details about our second quarter performance.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. So, Chris, this is Jeff Harmening. The – what I would say is that, first, we don’t feel pressure to do M&A just because all the other kids are doing it. So and we don’t really think that, that scale for the sake of scale is what’s important. And we think that having leading positions and good categories is really what drives growth. Having said that, what I will say is that a couple of things. One is that, M&A is part of our growth strategy. The first piece and most important piece of that is being competitive in the markets we currently compete in. The second piece is an accelerating in some certain categories. And then the third piece is M&A itself. So we think M&A has a role in our growth strategy going forward, but is one of three pieces. The most important in the foundation of being, which is being competitive in our own categories. To that extent, what I will also tell you is that, I’d say, we’re increasingly confident in our ability to execute M&A as part of this broader growth strategy and really for three reasons. The first is that, we’re increasingly confident in execution on our base business. And internally, here we talk about that all the time that being competitive where we are kind of gives us a better foundation to build upon whether that’s accelerating in other categories or whether that’s M&A. So we feel increasingly confident about that as hopefully the second quarter results start to show. The second is that, whether it’s Annie’s or Apec or Carolina yogurt business, which we’ve acquired recently. One of the things we feel good about is that, we have demonstrated our ability to grow businesses. And in the case of Annie’s, we’ve actually accelerated that growth. And we’ve been able to use our internal capabilities effectively in order to do that. And so we feel good about our base business. We feel that – we feel good about our ability to grow businesses. And with a lot of our restructuring behind us, we’re – we feel like our ability to integrate businesses will certainly be improved. And then third, look, we have the financial capacity to execute against M&A. Our cash flows are really good. Don and his finance team have done a really nice job with working capital. And to the extent, we can grow our profitability in the back-half of the year, which we feel good about. We’ve got good cash flow. So we feel good about our base business, increasingly good and our ability to execute that. We feel good that we’ve been able to grow businesses – growth businesses and we have the capacity. So, M&A will be an important component of our growth, but it’s only one of the three.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes, sure. They’re really are in the order now listen. The major piece is going to be the price mix. And probably half of that is going to be from the reversal and the trade accrual. And as we said in the first quarter, that was about 100 basis point drag, it was close to that in the second quarter that will start reversing in the second-half. And then on top of that, we expect improved sales mix in the second-half, given the businesses that will drive our growth and pricing in certain geographies, obviously, across the emerging markets a little bit in the UK as we battle the transaction FX. So that will be the largest driver. Second will be the cost savings acceleration that we see in global sourcing. Again, that’s going to be largely in the fourth quarter. And then the third and the smallest bit will be the input cost moderation.
Jeffrey Harmening: Hey, David, good question. Obviously, a big important category for us. And as I mentioned, we got off to a bit of a slower start than we had hoped. We are seeing improvement for sure. I would say two things drove this slower start. One was a distribution built a bit slower than we had planned as we came to the key season. What I can tell you is, distribution is getting to our projected levels as we are really entering December and January here. The second thing is, we missed a promotional window at a major retailer in October. And as a result of that, that really impacted our performance there. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we grew in November, which is great and we’re seeing some positive things so far in December. So we are still confident that we’re going to deliver a much improved year in refrigerated bake goods. We believe that we’re tending in the right direction.
Jeffrey Harmening: Hi, David, I’ll quickly take the cereal question. I mean, the short answer is, we don’t expect a knock-on effect in Q3. If you look at the – first of all, if you look to the first-half, our end market movement our RNS is almost perfectly aligned. So, again, it’s where we expected to be. There were some quarterly shifts, so the biggest drivers in the RNS versus movement difference in Q2 was first non-measured channels continue to grow nicely and that’s a piece of it. We ship Chocolate Peanut Butter Cheerios in October, and that’s off to a great start, as I mentioned, all of that hasn’t moved through the register. And actually, at the beginning of the quarter, we had some impact due to the hurricanes. If you remember, in August, the hurricane hit Texas. And as a result, due to some supply chain interruptions, we felt pipeline in September that likely would have shipped in August. So, again, we feel really good about how we’re performing in cereal and expect normal movement in RNS as we move to the back-half of the year.
Jeffrey Harmening: And to build on Jon’s point to broaden that from the U.S. to more broadly globally, one of the things we’re most pleased with for the quarter in general is just the breadth of our growth. And so whether you look across product categories in the U.S., we improved. If you look across channels in the U.S., we improved. If you look across channels more broadly like Convenience Stores and Foodservice, we improved. If you look at Europe, we improved. If you look at Asia, we improved. And so, the – for us means, Jon answered the question for the U.S. But I would say, more broadly as a company, one of the things we’re most pleased about with the quarter that we hope to continue and that we plan to continue is just the breadth of the improvement that we have seen, and that’s geographic improvement in channel, as well as product line.
Jeffrey Harmening: And to build on Jon’s point, one of the things I’m really pleased about is, as I look across our organization and how we’re working differently now is that, Wii is a great example of something as simple ingredients and great tasting. Well, we use that same kind of thought in the UK and in France, and it didn’t happen to be Wii, but the same consumer insight drove Liberte taste success in the UK and Triple Sensation success in France. So as an organization, we’re getting better, much better and much faster, sharing insights across geographies. And I’m really proud of the UK team, for example, for taking Liberte, which has been so successful in Canada and and not trying to do anything different than what was done in Canada and applying that to the UK and growing it by 25%. And so I’m pleased with our team here in the U.S. on yogurt and we see improvement broadly in our yogurt business across the globe. And I’m also pleased with how we’re working differently, whether that’s the specifics to the launch of we here in the U.S. or how we’re sharing ideas more broadly and quickly globally.
Jeffrey Harmening: And, Steve, this is Jeff. I don’t think gross margin, we don’t expect to have material difference in gross margin trends versus operating margin trends. So I think, the drivers are very similar.
Jeffrey Harmening: All right. And Sara, thanks. Unfortunately, I know we didn’t get to everybody today. I know there are a few people probably still hoping to get a call – question in. So I’m on the phone all day, please feel free to reach out and connect on any question from here on out. Thanks a lot.
Donal Mulligan: Sure. Okay, Chris. This is Don. A lot of questions rolled into that. But I’ll try to answer. If I don’t, let me know. So first off on gross margin, as I said in the second quarter, the operating margin [Technical Difficulty] including transaction FX, unfavorable trade-phasing and incredible into the accounting behindthat last quarter, so I won’t go through that again, but that will – that impacted this quarter as we expected. Again charge seasonal merchandising and we had increased media expenses and that was partially offset by costs. If you look at the back-half, we expect again the same thing from the low 17% that we saw in the first-half more than 18% in the second-half. The primary drivers are going to be positive price mix on all four segments, and that’s driven our reported results by trade-phasing reversing, improved sales mix and pricing as we mentioned in certain geographies. Our cost savings will accelerate as those – as our sourcing initiatives ramps up. And input cost inflation will moderate pursuing up slightly for the full-year was higher than we expected, but will moderate in the second-half after keeping in the second quarter. Those are the drivers. You see, your question on the phasing, we’ll take more in the fourth quarter. And the reason for that is that the merchandising activity obviously carries through the third quarter. As I mentioned, the global sourcing savings ramp up in the fourth quarter. The largest impact that once we start again the year was it our incentive through up. We began producing our incentive accrual last year, primarily in the third quarter. So we’ll see that impact that year-over-year impact drag in the third quarter will limit the growth in margins. And then in the below the line, the other item is that where I think about EPS is metrics. It’s actually – we have negative comp in Q3 and positive in Q4. There’s a number of factors that we’ll see the margin in the fourth quarter and the one tax item that we’ll see the EPS for the fourth quarter.
Donal Mulligan: We still said growth in the third quarter, but the majority of the growth was going to be in the fourth quarter.
Donal Mulligan: Well, I guess, I’ll start by just saying that, we think it’s important for U.S. businesses to be – to not to be competitively disadvantage globally relative to our foreign competitor. So lower corporate tax rate as the current legislation in visions certainly make the U.S. a more attractive place to invest. The territorial system makes U.S.-based corporations more competitive, because we have reduced global tax burden, and obviously, we have increased access to our cash from foreign earnings. So that’s the positive. Based on the current legislation, clearly, it’s still a moving target. Even just last night, I said, I made some changes, the house now has to revote on. The bottom lime, we’ll see a reduction in our effective tax rate. But, Matt, frankly, these have timing of it and the magnitude of it, will have to determined once you see the final bill. It will be favorable, but however phase-in 2018 versus 2019 in the absolute magnitude, we will have to come back to you on once we actually digest the entire bill, and we’ll do that in due course once that’s available to us.
Donal Mulligan: Yeah, on the tax front, as we see with any increase in earnings, we’ll evaluate several uses. We’ll look at brand investment, look at capital investment, look at M&A and clearly cash return to shareholders. Our long-term expectations on how we’re going to drive the business haven’t changed.
Donal Mulligan: Well, obviously, look, I think you’re already seeing it in this quarter. I mean, we cut our losses on yogurt. Our declines on yogurt in the U.S. in half behind innovation. And we hope to get the single-digit losses and plan to get the single-digit losses in the U.S. in the back-half of the year. We’re down less than 1% on yogurt in Europe this quarter, so this was one of the best quarters we’ve had behind new innovation. So to be honest with you, I think, you’re starting to see it already, and we’ve got a team that’s dedicated to continuing that, whether it’s on yogurt or on Häagen-Dazs or on Old El Paso and on snack bars. If you look at the second-half of the year, one of the things I mentioned in my remarks was that, you’ll see Nature Valley in Asia and are expanding Nature Valley in Asia and that’s based on success we saw in Europe and obviously the success we’re having in the U.S., but applying it to Asia consumers in a slightly different format that works for them. And so, honestly, I think you’re starting to see it now and our plan is to continue that.
Donal Mulligan: Well, let me focus on operating margins and it’s actually kind of what we’ve been giving guidance on. And I mentioned the factors that will drive it inflation is going to run higher than we – slightly higher than we expected in transaction FX and work against this. We’ve added some investment in accelerators to drive growth, the top line of which will come through next year, but we’re encouraging cost this year to make that happen. And then I mentioned just the kind of the nature of our transaction FX, which is helping the top line more than SOP or more than the operating profit. And just to put it – just to mention that, we were talking about a swing here of maybe 50 basis points. We will still be in the zone of 18% operating margins for the full-year. So we correct that level last year and that’s still remains 200 basis points above where we were three years ago. So just kind of in the order of magnitude, that’s where we were going to land for the year.
Jonathon Nudi: Yes, sure. Thanks, John. I’ll give you – try to answer as many of those questions I can as a lot rolled up there. Clearly, it’s a competitive environment right now as new players entered the U.S. as emerging channels like e-commerce come on to the scene. So definitely, it’s competitive both on the retailer side, as well as the manufacturer side. What I can tell you is, I feel really good about our ability to compete in this environment. Where we’re big in the U.S., we’re one of the top food companies. We have scale across center store, refrigerated and frozen. And as we grow the categories of our retailers growth, so again, it’s important that we have good plans locked in with our retailers. In addition to that, we’ve got one of the best sales forces as ranked by Cantor in the industry. They’re doing a great job of really sitting down with the retailers and putting together joint business plans. And what we find with those joint business plans is trade-offs. And again, even across a retailer, we might give a bit one category to get something in return in another. But by applying our scale, and again, if we’re growing broadly, that’s really good for our retailers category. We’re finding a way to get to win-win solution. So, again, there’s a lot going on. And certainly, space optimization, that’s something that we’re seeing as well. What I’d tell you there is, we have some businesses that are going to win in that. So we have a broad snacking portfolio, which will likely win in that environment in addition to that natural organic’s core strength of ours as well with the third largest national organic player in the country, so that’s good. And in the categories that might contract. What we tend to see is that, the smaller manufacturers the third or fourth or fifth players tend to be the ones that lose. And when you look at our business in the U.S., 80% of our brands are the number one or number two in their category. So it’s tough out there for sure. But at the same time, I actually feel like, we’re in a place now that we can be advantaged and really win in this marketplace.
Jonathon Nudi: Yes. Sure, Matthew, this is Jon. What I can tell you is that, we really like the way that we’re competing in the cereal category right now. When you look at our performance through the first-half, our change in trend is pretty significant and nearly 70% of that change is from baseline sales. So, again, it’s really better innovation and better marketing that’s driving our results in the category, and that’s really been the recipe for success in the category over the long-term. So we’re very committed to, again, continue to build strong brands and then innovate more aggressively and we feel really good about the pipeline as we look forward. As you think about the category, it’s still a big category, important category is the fourth largest class across grocery. And we believe and it’s highly penetrated 90% of households consume cereal. So we really believe in the category. We think there’s growth ahead. There are some interesting timing of things. So again, if you think about the category grew nicely during the financial downturn. So between 2007 and 2012, the category grew. As the economy gradually got better and out of home eating increased, we saw the category tip the negative. So we’re starting to see that moderate in terms of the in-home versus out-of-home. We also know that, 30% of consumption of the category comes from boomers and older adults and that group of consumers are going to grow. So we absolutely believe in the category. We believe that strong marketing and good innovation can drive it. We’re committed to doing our part and we look forward to again driving our growth as we move to the back-half and into the future.
Jonathon Nudi: Sure, sure. This is Jon. So a couple of things. One, we really like the way we’re competing across categories. And again, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’re seeing broad-based improvement across the majority of our categories and we like the way we’re competing across channels. It’s really is broad-based better as well. We feel like we’re winning in the majority of our channels, so that feels really good. As we think about share, again, the thing that gives us good confidence that we’re heading in the right direction here is the majority of our change and improvement in trend is really coming from baseline sales. So, again, across total U.S. retail, 75% of our improvement is via baseline sales. So it’s really not a case of merchandising driving the bulk of our improvement, so it’s better marketing. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we made a pretty major change last year shifting long relationships with advertising agencies moving to some new ones and we really like that trend that we see in market and we know that is driving our business and our baselines and our innovations are better, it’s up 50% year-over-year. And I can tell you that’s actually off the same number of items. So, again, it’s not turning much stuff out there, it’s actually better quality. So we’re really focused on competing. We’re focused on the fundamentals. And we believe that if we continue to do that, we can continue to see broad-based wins across our business.
Jonathon Nudi: Again, we feel good generally across the majority of the channels. And again, without calling off specific customers, there’s this puts and takes. But the reality is, we’re growing share across all channels. And I think for us right now, that’s the focus to compete wherever we are. So I’m not going to – there’s not one that jumps out of me. Again, we feel really good about how we’re trending in all of them.
Jonathon Nudi: You’re welcome. So this is Jon. I’ll give you a few thoughts on Wii. So, again, we’re really pleased with the results there. It’s about 1.5 share of the category already. We expect that to continue to increase. And for year one, again, we expect this to be in north of $100 million in sales. So, again, it’s off to a terrific start. We’re seeing really good repeat rates and consumers are telling us that they view us very, very unique. In terms of how we got there, I’m really proud of we. And again, let me just start by saying, we know there’s a lot more work to be done in yogurt. So we’re not taking any victory laps in that category, to be clear. But I like the way that, that seems really operating. They’re focused on playing our game and then looking for opportunities and segments that are going to be growing in the future and bringing fundamental innovation. And we did it in a really scrappy way, innovating quickly and closely with consumers is truly is consumer-first innovation. And by being in market and iterating over time, we’ve got to a product that we know really resonates with consumers really works hard. So the actual process that we used to create, we were actually moving across overall use in the U.S., really around the world to make sure that we move more quickly and make sure that we’re connected as closely to the consumer as we can. And we believe that’s going to help our pipeline as we move forward and make our innovation even more impactful.
Jonathon Nudi: Sure, Steve. The categories through key season is growing, so that’s good overall. And, again, for the rest of the strong share, which we like. Similar to some of the other businesses what we really like that 80% of our improvement in trend in soup is actually coming from baseline sales. So, again, it’s fundamentals, it’s good marketing. Now we’ve got a little bit of innovation with the progress of organics, it’s working for us as well. So, again, like many of the other categories, it’s about fundamentals and competing well. And if we do that, we think that we can be successful and drive the category. And again, through key season, we’re seeing the category grow and it appears to be healthy and we’re having good constructive conversations with the retailers around it. So we’d expect continued growth through the back-half of the year.
