Don Mulligan: Yeah, we expect 3% for the year. It will be a little heavier in the front part of the year as we phase it through, as we come through some of the costs you saw in our fourth quarter in Q4. So as you model it, think about a little bit heavier inflation in the front half than the back half. But importantly, think inflation, not deflation, throughout the year. But a little heavier in the front half.
Don Mulligan: Yeah, we’re about 45% covered, which is a typical spot for us to be at this point in the year. So we have pretty good visibility, particularly the front half.
Don Mulligan: It’s actually probably three components I'll point to that you can really put in the larger HMM bucket. We talked about HMM. It’s about productivity, mix, and price. So productivity, we continue to see our productivity grow. We are still very much online to meet or exceed our commitment to get $4 billion of COGS productivity in this decade. So that will be a contributing factor, certainly. The other two are more in the mix bucket. We continue to see strong performance out of our bakeries and food service business as we continue to even heighten our focus on the key product platforms and customer channels where, with our branded products and our direct sales force, we can make a difference, both in terms of volume and importantly mix benefit. And then the other mix, and we actually saw that as we came out of F13, is stronger baselines in our U.S. retail business, which will contribute to better gross margins as well. As a matter of fact, that was probably the key reason that we were able to beat our previous guidance for F13, is that our baseline volume in U.S. retail was better than we had originally participated at the beginning of the quarter. It allowed us to exceed our original guidance by $0.01, and it will help to contribute to some margin expansion in F14 as well.
Don Mulligan: First of all, your math is right. It’s about 7% as we sit here today. With our market cap, you’d expect it to be about a 7% yield. Our expectation is that our free cash flow for F14 will be more than 100% of our earnings, so we’ll have the same kind of conversion efficiency we’ve had for the last couple of years. And we’ll return that cash to the shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase, and it will be split as it has been in prior years, about a 15% increase in dividends, and we’ll have the 2% reduction in the number of shares. We’ll return a higher amount in dollar terms than what we generate in cash, so we will maintain our leverage ratios for the year. But we will return all that cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase. In terms of interest expense, our interest expense will be up in F14 versus F13. Our debt levels in total will be higher, obviously, based on the Yoplait and more recently the Yoki acquisitions. And we also expect to term some of that debt out and probably carry a little less CP this year than we carried last year. So the mix will be a little bit more on the fixed side, and hence a slightly higher rate as we term out at what are still very attractive rates. But shareholders will see all the cash back this year that we generate, as we’ve been talking about for the last several months.
Don Mulligan: The only thing I would add on BFast is historically consumption for cereal has been teenagers and younger and 45-50 and older, and there’s the breakfast skippers in the middle. And that’s really what we’re going after a BFast. So we’ve seen, in the testing that we have done so far, this to be highly incremental to our RTE cereal business.
Don Mulligan: I’m not sure if we’ll be in the market before September. We have a couple of maturities this year. I think about $1.4 to $1.5 billion of maturities between September, and I think we have another one in February, if I recall the date correctly. So we’ll definitely be in the market. Probably do something pretty substantial, $1 billion plus. I would think later this calendar year, probably not before September necessarily. And it will be to both refinance those as well as term out a little bit of our CP. Back to Eric’s question on free cash flow, I just want to be very clear on it. We are going to return all our cash to shareholders and maintain our leverage, but just the math behind it, because I think that’s really what Eric’s question was getting at, is our free cash flow yield will be about 7%, or is sitting today at about 7%. Obviously our dividend yield is about 3%. We are going to reduce our average shares outstanding by 2%. So if you think of the math behind that, since we didn’t reduce our shares this year, we actually have to take 4% of our shares off this coming year to average 2% down. So think 4% going to share repurchase, 3% going to dividends. That really explains the 7% free cash flow yield and how it’s being returned to shareholders. So I just want to be clear about that, more back to Eric’s question than yours, but for everyone doing the math behind the cash flow, I want to make sure they know where it’s going.
Don Mulligan: We look at the latter. It’s not our call on what the rating agencies rate us at. That’s their call. But we target leverage ratios, and primarily our debt to EBITDA. And so obviously each of the rating agencies calculates that a little bit differently. But we want to stay basically in the range that we’re in today, and where we’ve been actually for the last couple of years.
Don Mulligan: Obviously we have a pretty broad input basket. Again, this is all of our COGS. And it’s pretty widely dispersed, as we’ve talked about in the past. Ten percent or less is in grain, you have 5% in dairy, 5% in energy, 5% in soy, 5% in sugar. So it’s a pretty broad base. And if you look today, on a spot basis, most of the grains are still up, certainly energy is up, and [even in] a forward market that would hold true for most of those items as well. And as we look forward, both in positions we have and where the forward market is, whether it’s a viable forward market for our inputs, it comes to about a 3% inflation for the year. Obviously different by business, and by geography, but averaging 3% for the company. And as I mentioned earlier, a little higher than that in the first part of this year and a little lower than that in the back half. But inflation in every quarter.
Ken Powell: We do expect sales growth in 2014, and that’s built around a couple of pillars. First of all, we did see the churns on our core cup business strengthen considerably over the course of this year, high single digit, low double digit from month to month as we moved into the second half. And so we’re very encouraged by that. That happened as we got those merchandising price points back into the correct zone. And we believe that that improving turns performance will allow us to stabilize our distribution on that core cup line. So we’re very encouraged by what we’re seeing there. Our kid business has continued to be quite robust. We really like what we’re seeing from Liberte as we continue to expand that business across the U.S. And I believe we’re in about 50% of the country now, and so obviously more to go there. And then finally, we have quite a good lineup of new products. The Yoplait traditional Greek product that we will be shipping here as we come into July is a terrific product. It’s a filtered traditional Greek yogurt. It has absolutely a terrific taste profile, and we believe that will be very well received by consumers. Retailers are quite enthusiastic about it as we bring that to market. We really just started with Yoplait Greek 100. That’s been very successful for us as we said in the presentation. We think that’s going to be well over a $100 million in year one. And we’ve just started on that. So we’ll be bringing new flavors to that, multi-packs, all the things that we can do to continue to give that product the growing shelf space that it will deserve. So we feel quite good about the innovation that we’ve got on that business. So we’ll have high levels of advertising and we’re sort of loaded for bear here and feel optimistic about 2014.
Ken Powell: As to why the recovery has been slower than we all would have liked, I’m not an economist, but I think we’ve all read about how this has just been a very troublesome and challenging recovery for the country. And I think we have felt our share of it. But you know, the important thing, as you said, is that we are seeing steady improvement. We saw sequential improvement in our categories over the course of the year, particularly in the second half, and so the category and trends are improving. And as we enter F14, our situation basically is the categories generally are better. As we just commented a bit, our prices are stable. Inflation is moderate, and we think will be quite manageable for us from an HMM standpoint. And we’ve got a good lineup of innovation. So we feel that with this slow improvement and the steady improvement in the category fundamentals, we feel in quite a bit better position as we enter 2014 both for the industry and also for our portfolio of brands and categories.
Ken Powell: Well, we’re looking for flat to up on market share, and I think the points that you’ve made, they’re good points, but the other side of it is it continues to be very, very competitive out there, obviously, as Andrew pointed out. While we’re seeing recovery, the recovery is still pretty slow. So we feel good about the fundamentals as we enter the year, we feel our guidance is prudent, given the continuing challenges of the environment.
Ken Powell: So I think that the fundamentals of Yoplait Greek 100 is that it offers consumers a terrific benefit. And you touched on that in your question. But it’s a great tasting, traditionally filtered Greek yogurt that has only 100 calories per serving. And, by the way, it has a nice endorsement from Weight Watchers. And we know that that is a very very compelling benefit in the yogurt category. The light segment, in the traditional yogurt side of the category, that’s a huge segment. So we know the consumers really look for and appreciate that benefit, and I would say that’s fundamentally why it has been so successful, along with the fact that it tastes terrific. And then in terms of the marketing and promotion of that brand, it’s been, I would say, advertising driven. We’ve had good introductory advertising on that brand, I think, and consumers find the benefit compelling. The promotional in-store strategy I would say is very much in the zone, and very competitive. We’re not trying to outpromote anybody with Greek 100. We don’t feel we need to. We’re really driving it with consumer awareness building. So we feel very good about that benefit, and we think that we’ll continue to grow that next year. We have more capacity coming onstream this summer, which I think is an important point, to support the expansion of that brand, and this Yoplait Greek product that we’ll be launching in July, which is more of a traditional Greek product. And I think what we’ll say to you this morning is that product really really tastes good, and those of you who have decided to attend our investor day here in a few weeks will have the opportunity to taste that product and see it in its final packaging configuration and that sort of thing. And probably it’s a case of one taste will be worth a thousand words on that one. But, so, the combined impact of this Greek innovation that we’re bringing I think will give us continued very high growth in that segment. And that’s going to help our top line sales growth next year, obviously.
Ken Powell: Well, we’ll be focusing across our great portfolio. We’re bringing a lot of marketing news on our Cheerios franchise, fresh new advertising on yellow box and Honey Nut. We’re already seeing some nice improvements in baseline on yellow box in response to new advertising there. So when we get that right, that kind of marketing innovation always works for us. So we’ll be bringing fresh news there. We’ve got some good new products including Hershey’s Cookies and Cream cereal, which we think will be a good success for us. Chex continues to be a very high growth franchise for us. That’s another health benefit. But I would also say our stalwart kid brands continue to perform very well for us. Lucky Charms, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Reese’s Pieces, these are great products. We’ve had very good growth from those. And one of the things we’re seeing here over the last year is as we advertise those products, those traditional kid brands, to adults, we’re seeing nice bounces in baseline, just by reminding adults how these products taste. So we’ve got a lot of good penetration driving marketing initiatives in Big G next year, that we believe will restore that division to growth.
Ken Powell: We are disappointed that we didn’t have sales growth this year in the Yoplait division, but I would hasten to add that as you look at the sequential trends for the business, they’re quite encouraging. So our Q1 performance, we were minus 10 sales, Q2 was minus 6, Q3 was minus 3 or 4, and then we were flat or up slightly in the last quarter of the year. So clearly the trend is positive. I think the reason for the longer length of time for us was that it was very important for us to get our merchandising price points corrected and competitive in the market, and we began doing that, frankly, in Q4, going back two years ago. But it just took longer to see the impact of those price point adjustments and corrections flow into the market. But as they did flow over the course of the year, we saw significantly strengthening trends. The new product innovation in Yoplait worked very well. As you’ve heard, Yoplait Greek 100 has been quite successful for us. So I think that played out, if anything, a little better than we expected, and we clearly have something we can build on. So as we enter F14, what gives us confidence is that we’ve got our price points right on the core cup business, turns are up dramatically on core cup, and so that provides a foundation for stabilizing distribution on that business. And then we’ve got real good innovation on the Greek side. So that encourages us that F14 will be a good opportunity.
Ken Powell: First of all, just a little bit of context, we’ve increased our advertising by 50%, which I would suspect puts us at the top of the class in terms of our commitment to brand building. Now, this past year, in 2012, again, we made the decision early in the year to make some investments in merchandise price points just to make sure that we were in the right zone there, and that caused a slight reduction in advertising for the year. But also, resulted in strengthening baselines for us over the course of the year and our belief is that as we got those price points right, see those baselines recover, that really makes all the advertising spending much more effective. So we think we made the right tradeoff there. As we enter 2014, again, we enter with our price points just where we want them to be, and we are planning an increase in advertising in line with sales, for F14. So really back on model, if you will, for General Mills and advertising spend.
Ken Powell: Where we see baselines that are a little bit weaker or declining, it always has something to do with what we’re doing or not doing, and fundamentally would come back to not the right kind of innovation. And so as I mentioned earlier, take yellow box Cheerios as an example. As we’ve shifted and refreshed our advertising, particularly in the second half of this year, we’ve seen that brand first stabilize in Q3 - I think share was down just a couple of basis points - and then continue to strengthen in Q4. This is yellow box Cheerios. And this is all behind better messaging and around the health benefits of that product. So we look at it as down to us. It’s about the quality of our messaging and our innovation, and we’re encouraged by what we’re beginning to see in the Cheerios franchise as an example. Another example for us would be our Chex franchise, which is broadly an all-family franchise, but a good bit of adult consumption. And here, of course, where we have that strong gluten-free benefit that we’ve communicated well about, I think we’re in our third year of double-digit growth. And so the way we look at it, we see plenty of evidence that when we get the message right, when we get the innovation right, these brands respond. We’re seeing that in Chex, we’re beginning to see that in Cheerios, and we have a very strong program of innovation and marketing and consumer promotion next year. So we think we’ll continue to see those franchises strengthen. And maybe the last point is one that I made earlier, just advertising some of our more traditionally child-targeted adults, like Cinnamon Toast Crunch. Getting plenty of adult consumption there, with that advertising, and adults may be looking for some variety and they love the way those products taste. So there are lots of signals that we’re not victims here. If we get the innovation right, we’ll do just fine. It’s on us, and we like what we’ve got in the pipeline for next year. On GMOs, obviously aware of what’s going on there and the traffic in social media. Again, we’re not seeing an impact on our business. What does impact our business is when our innovation and our messaging is right, then we see a fairly rapid impact in a positive direction. So obviously that’s something that’s out there, but we don’t see it really affecting our business.
Ken Powell: Look, I won’t repeat myself on what I’ve said on the core cereal business. This is a third of all breakfast occasions. We saw it down a little bit this year, a couple of percentage points. There are so many innovation and messaging opportunities around health and taste in cereal that we’re quite confident that we can find messages that will resonate and that will restore that category to growth. We really strongly believe in the category and that we can do that. Something like BFast, breakfast is a huge category. It’s a huge occasion. I mean, I’m going to guess $100 billion or more of products consumed at breakfast. So that’s a big ocean. And people drink beverages at breakfast, and interested in convenience. And so we just see an opportunity there, and are simply capitalizing on it. It’s too soon to say how bit it is, but we clearly think it’s interesting. And in terms of where it might get its volume from, it’s probably everything from fruit and yogurt and coffee, you name it. Probably sourced a little bit from everything. But we simply see it as a good opportunity on its own. Obviously we have very strong breakfast equities and credentials at General Mills, and so we want to pursue that opportunity and we think there may be something there.
Ken Powell: Well, our goal is to do it this year. And you’ve seen some of the packaging, and I’m sure we’ll demonstrate those products more in a couple of weeks. But it’s a complete redo of the core line, with packaging and some reformulation and refreshed advertising. We’ll also be launching a subline of products called Hamburger Helper Ultimate, and those products will feature liquid pouches, if you will, and so that would include some cheese-based pouches to make some very, very good dishes, but also some other liquid ingredients that would make other different kinds of Helper meals. And we’re quite excited about that product as well, which we think will extend that franchise in a nice direction. So again, it’s about refreshing and renovating these core brands and bringing good innovation. And we think we’ve got a very good program for Helper as we go into 2014.
Ken Powell: Well, I think for cereal, the path forward, it’s always brand by brand renovation and execution. And so where we have solid messaging and innovation, we’re seeing a very good response, and very good growth. And this year we didn’t feel that we had all that we needed, or should have, and so as I’ve said, we’re very encouraged by the response to new advertising on Cheerios, and we’ve got more innovation planned on Cheerios as we go into F14. So we’re encouraged by that. We’re very encouraged by the continuing strength of our kid brands. Fiber One is a brand that I haven’t mentioned. That’s been a good grower for us over the last four or five years. We didn’t see that last year. We think there are some product renovation and [flanker] opportunities that can revitalize that franchise, and so we’ve got some initiatives that we’ll be taking there. So it really comes down to just making sure we’ve got the right innovation and messaging program on all these core brands, and we just didn’t have that this year. And we feel much more confident about the program that we’ve got for F14.
