Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. I'm here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Dave Dudick, Senior Vice President and Head of our Bakeries and Foodservice business, and I'll turn the call over to them in just a minute. First, I'm going to cover my usual housekeeping items. Our press release on third quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning, it's also posted on our website, if you need a copy. We've put slides on the website, too, they supplement today's prepared remarks. Our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. And the second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, starting with Don.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Yes, I mean, just for a little bit of detail there, if you looked at merch a year ago in Q4, it would've been down 6%. So part of this is just the comp.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, everybody. For those that are still in queue, sorry we didn't get all the way through. Give me a shout, I'll try and get your questions answered.
Kendall J. Powell: Andrew, let me, maybe let me address the last point that you made first, and then, I'll turn it to Don. I mean, I think the short answer on Q3 is, that was driven by mix, but we can elaborate a bit and give you some commentary on what we expect in quarter 4. I think what I would say on -- just on pricing and promotion is, as you know, we've had -- we've sort of been carefully and selectively, but consistently, adjusting price points and merchandising frequency over the course of the year. As we look at our price points across our categories now, we think we are about where we need to be. And as we have gotten to those price points and mix of merchandising that we want, we've seen our baseline sales improve consistently, really over the course of the entire year. So we feel that we're about in the right place, with the exception of some aspects of the cereal category, overall, we think that -- which we've commented on -- overall, we feel that the merchandising environment is reasonably stable now. So we don't really expect any changes in the fourth quarter.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes. So Eric, I think what I said at CAGNY was that we have had an unusually high level of M&A activity over the last 18 months. And frankly, while we would like to expand our footprint internationally, and we've talked about that repeatedly, these opportunities came before us at a pace that we didn't really expect and were very high-quality as well. And so we were -- we took advantage of those opportunities and we were very, very active. As we look forward over the next period of time, we don't see anything of that size or scale, really, on our radar screen right now, and so that's one factor. And -- but I would say, generally, we don't expect our pace of M&A activity to be anywhere near what it -- as we, on a running rate basis, anywhere near what we saw during the past 18 months, which was just a very high level of activity. So I'd say that, that's the -- sort of, that's the guiding principle. And for next year, we expect M&A to be relatively low and we will be very much on model. That doesn't preclude going out over the longer term, that we might find an opportunity in other key emerging markets. There are a few that we've talked about, India for example. But we think those would be very manageable, and again, we don't have anything on our radar screen now.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes. I think it is -- obviously, breakfast is a very competitive occasion. Breakfast cereal is, by a wide margin, the most dominant component consumed at breakfast. We are in well over 1/3 of all breakfasts and the #2 falls far below that, so we're the lion's share. But there is competition, clearly, for the breakfast occasion. Snack bars, which are adjacent to the category and where we've been very, very successful, is one of those competitors. And so we see a little bit coming from there. Hot breakfast, just eggs and bacon, and that sort of thing, we're seeing a little bit of resurgence there. So that, I think, is a competitive element. But mostly, Matthew, I think it's such a versatile category and it's so responsive to innovation. I think, clearly, the opportunity is for us to strengthen our innovation, strengthen the marketing. I think there are going to be other nutrition-oriented opportunities that we can innovate around. And I think as we do that, typically, what we see is a return to category growth, low single-digit growth, but we've seen that low single-digit growth in response to innovation that we lead over very long periods of time. So there's competition out there, there always will be, whether it's bacon and eggs or snack bars. But the category is so big, and there's so many opportunities for innovation that we feel very confident that we can bring innovation that will get us back on that low single-digit growth path.
Kendall J. Powell: So Matthew, just one more comment going back on the -- on your question, your good question on sales. I would just add that across General Mills, we do use both. We use -- we have our own sales forces and sales leadership in both the Retail side of our business and in Foodservice. But we also use brokers, especially for the in-store piece, where that execution can be very efficiently done by brokers. But I guess I would tell you, our very strong view is that the sales capability is, it's a core strategic capability for us. We really want to make sure we're on the same side of the table as our customer and that we're helping them grow their business. And that means that we've developed a number of capabilities around category management, around supply chain, around in-store marketing, that we believe we can do most effectively and in advantaged ways on our own. And we think that's been a real top line driver for us historically, and that's why we run it the way we do.
Kendall J. Powell: So Ken, I think I would start by saying, we believe strongly that our broad portfolio is naturally advantaged when it comes to health benefits, and we've continued to improve our portfolio, really, over long stretches of time. Cereal, I think, is -- we know that consumers have a high regard for the nutrition profile of cereal. And as General Mills has added whole grain to our cereals over the years, so that we are now one of the leading sources of whole grain in the country, and done things like reduce sugar, that's only increased the perception of that. Our snack bar franchise, I think, is strongly health-oriented, that's really one of the key appeals of that product line. And then, as you go down the list, our soup business, our Progresso soup business, our Green Giant business, the entire yogurt category. So -- and we have metrics in place and incentives and management focus across the company to make sure that we continue to improve these products continuously. So just as an example, recently, we took the high fructose corn syrup out of Yoplait Original in response to what we were hearing from consumers and actually advertised that to a very great benefit. So as you think about consumer attitudes and changing consumer attitudes, think about the portfolio of General Mills, we think it is highly advantaged. And that's before you get to the organic and the natural products in our Small Planet division, which as you pointed out, we've been adding to with acquisitions. And I think that is an area that's of interest to us, and we will continue to look for opportunities there, because that is a growing area and it's, for a variety of reasons, the natural piece, the values embodied in organic that appeal to many consumers. So that will be an area of interest for us as well. But I think the core point is we have a very strong portfolio when it comes to health and nutrition.
Kendall J. Powell: The only thing I'd add to that, John, is that Don's comments on cereal, where we are much more exposed to southern Europe, that European cereal category was running at less than 1% through the first half of their year. But the recent performances has been better, it's been closer to 2%. So anyway, one swallow doesn't make a spring, but we're seeing a little bit better performance in one of our most important categories in Europe. But overall, I think obviously, we are all very aware of the economic difficulties there.
Kendall J. Powell: So that, we've talked about that in the past, and that, I think, could be -- there could be further opportunities for us going forward, and we'll continue to explore, but absolutely nothing to announce on that today. But clearly, that's out there as an ongoing opportunity.
Kendall J. Powell: Chris, it's primarily the fact that we were lighter a year ago, so there is a comp there. I think there may be a bit more just around new products, but those would be very -- that would be a very specific kind of activity. But in general, as I said earlier in this call, having carefully moved our merchandising programs over the course of this year, we feel pretty good about where we're at right now.
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I would say on U.S. Retail, I guess my starting point would be, as we have worked price and merch over the last year, as we've done that, Jason, we've seen baselines in U.S. Retail across all channels improve very nicely and sequentially. I think we were down -- the baselines were down 5% or 6% in Q1, down 3% in Q2 and flat in the most recent quarter. So as we get our pricing in the zone, which has been our goal, the response that we are seeing is actually an improvement overall in the business and improvement in unpromoted sales. And so -- so that, I think, the response there has been very encouraging and has been a key driver in our performance.
Kendall J. Powell: Good growth in Club and as you said, good growth in natural. So yes, those are, obviously, important channels for us and we are doing well there. Very good growth, as Dave commented, in convenience stores, which is an increasingly important channel for us. So we're -- and that -- so we're very, we have very good sales focus on all of that channels -- on all of those channels, which goes back to the early discussion we had on the sales force, and we're seeing solid growth in those places.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, and Andrew, what I'd add to that is just to emphasize that it really was more mix favorability in the third quarter. We do expect that to moderate in the fourth quarter, because we do, as said before, our merchandising phasing is more backloaded this year. We're not going deeper, but just more frequency, and so we'll see that come through in probably lower price mix in the fourth quarter than what you saw in the third quarter.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, the deval is obviously a onetime hit, for the most part, the restatement of the balance sheet. And Venezuela is a fairly small piece of our International business, so what you see in our margins in International is largely a mix, which will even out as we lap the acquisitions next year, so you'll start to see margin expansion, our normally planned margin expansion following that, so I wouldn't overread too much into the Venezuela piece.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, I'd just add that, again, if you look over the longer term, this is a category that has grown low single digits, not each and every year, but certainly over time. Wide participation in the category in terms of penetration and high-frequency, and as Ken mentioned, by far, the highest frequency in terms of in-home breakfasts. So we believe it still has a lot of growth in front of us and to Ken's point, it really is about innovation and ensuring that we and other market leaders are supporting the brands the right way, and I think we're starting to see that in the category again.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, what I would just add to that is our mills are very highly utilized, so we get great asset leverage on them. To Dave's point, they're low-cost, they're also, in some aspects, integrated with our branded business, Bisquick, for example. And we do, like many parts of our portfolio, we look at them from time to time to see if there's a different way to structure them to extract more shareholder value and quite honestly, we've never seen the play. And so we like the participation we have with the mills and they're not a big part of our business, of course, but they are an integral part to some of Dave's businesses and some of our U.S. Retail businesses.
Donal Leo Mulligan: And just to run that point to the ground, because we do have both in-house and broker sales force on both brands in our Bakeries and Foodservice and our U.S. Retail, we have a good line of sight on what the cost structure is of each, and we know that our direct is very competitive and to Ken's point, more effective in what we're trying to do to drive growth.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well John, thanks for the question. We don't have specific guidance yet for F '14. We'll provide that in June. But our business in Europe continues to grow, which is different than many of our competitors. Ken outlined some of the key reasons, not only do we have great brands and great capabilities on the continent, but we also are less penetrated in most of our categories outside of Yoplait, obviously. And we're seeing that as a great growth opportunity. So we -- we are not immune to the economic realities of Europe. We're seeing it, certainly, in southwestern Europe in our cereal joint venture. But overall, we're seeing growth in Europe, and it's been -- year-to-date, it's still low-single digits to mid-single digits, and we like the shape of our business in Europe.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Your math is correct. Year-to-date, if you take out the bolivar and the Yoplait Canada transition costs, I'll call them, the earnings -- underlying earnings are growing faster than sales. And obviously, sales are growing pretty robustly at 23%. In International business, there's a lot of different markets, there's a lot of different dynamics. Quarter-to-quarter, you're going to see some of those movements. We tend to look over the full year multi-quarters and the trend that we're seeing in International is we're bullish on the growth. And as I mentioned earlier, on the margin expansion opportunities, too, which are masked a little bit this year, gross margin opportunities, as we bring in new businesses, which not surprisingly, have lower gross margins but faster absolute dollar growth opportunities for us. So you'll -- I think you'll see a cleaner picture and a clearer picture of that as we get into F '14.
Donal Leo Mulligan: I'm not going to give guidance, but I do want to just make sure it's clear on one thing, because you do hit an important point. When you look at our fourth quarter, we gave guidance for the full year of gross margin being down 60 to 80 basis points. Obviously, you do the math, you can see it's going to be down by more than that in the fourth quarter. We've talked about the timing of merchandising and the lower merchandise levels a year ago that we're rolling over. But inflation is the other factor. We took some coverage to complete our full year coverage for commodities, especially grain commodities, in the fall. That was obviously impacted by the drought. That coverage only extends to the end of F '13. So that coverage, that higher cost coverage, if you will, does not extend into F '14. But to your point, again, without giving guidance for F '14, we expect more moderate inflation. We -- as we do our planning, we always plan for something in the low-single digit to mid-single digit inflation. We don't see it going to deflation, certainly as of today. We are aware of the concern that you articulated from investors in terms of where pricing can go even if we see deflation as an industry, and we don't foresee that as we sit here today.
Donal Leo Mulligan: I guess, Jason, the only thing I would add is, as you saw in this quarter, it's really that sales growth was a price mix, particularly, mix plus for us. So we don't see a -- part of the underlying question may be, are we seeing any pipeline build? We're not seeing that, it is really just a matter of the mix of the business coming through with a stronger top line.
