Kendall J. Powell: This is Ken. And I would say, I don't know if we're at an inflection point. I mean, I would say that we still see the environment as challenging. In my comments on the foodservice side, I think as you heard earlier in the year, we were -- the forecasters there, Technomic, were predicting maybe there'd be a little bit of growth on that side of business, which is -- and if there's growth in foodservice, it's usually because consumer confidence is increasing a bit and they're a little more optimistic about income and that’s since come down. That sector is going sideways. We continue to think that the consumer is, from what we can tell, quite cautious, very planful about their shopping trip. So we think that the environment there is going to continue to be challenging. Having said that, we all -- we are also, as you’ve heard, encouraged by the category development that we saw in the first quarter. We think that we -- as we've said in the past, we think that we got our expectation for inflation and our pricing kind of packaged about right, and we got that behind us many, many months ago. We're obviously encouraged by the very solid cereal performance, very exciting performance on the grain snacks side of the business. So there are some good signs there. We're encouraged by the first quarter, but I would say the environment still seems pretty challenging to us.
Kendall J. Powell: As I said earlier, it's roughly in line with our expectations, whether it's -- no matter which way the pricing is realized, the impact on demand is coming in pretty much as we thought across most categories. One of the things that always affects that is what else is going on in the stores, so we have to actually see as the year plays out, not just our own categories in the business but indeed, the entire food industry. But given the level of input inflation we're seeing, I would expect that it'll be fairly inflationary throughout the stores. So I am cautiously optimistic that the elasticity should hold the way we thought.
Kendall J. Powell: I don't have that in front of me. My expectation, though, is that our trade cost per case is roughly in line with prior year, and our expectations for the full year is it’ll be down a bit.
Kendall J. Powell: Obviously, we won't comment on future pricing actions. What we do -- what I'll just reinforce is we like what we're seeing in the cereal category. It's sequentially improving a great deal. We're seeing growth, dollar-driven growth. We took -- when we did our, and as Ken mentioned, our inflation and pricing estimate, we took what we felt we needed to do to make our fiscal year work for us. That doesn't preclude future actions, but I would just say that I think the cereal category is working in a very productive manner right now.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, Eric, we -- that -- your first thought has crossed our mind in the past, but we would have similar antitrust competition issues there; that's very, very clear. As to how they might do on a stand-alone basis, it's -- I think it's very difficult to say. I mean, they -- we think that there's good brand power there. I mean, clearly, they have good equities. And so -- and if -- so if they -- if that stand-alone business does a good job of bringing into the organization people who really understand the category and understand brand -- how to build cereal brands and the kind of consumer insight that you need and advertising and intensity, if they bring people in who understand that, then those brands ought to be responsive and they ought to be able to get high-quality growth out of those businesses through baseline development. So it is very much -- it's just a function I think of the kind of organization they build behind it.
Kendall J. Powell: You're a little deeper into their P&L than I am, Eric. So it sounds good. But anyway, I'll pass on that one.
Kendall J. Powell: And I assume you're -- because my comments were around the yogurt category that your question’s around the yogurt category as well.
Kendall J. Powell: Sure. I think they're in some ways distinctly different. In the case of yogurt, the category has undergone a tremendous transformation, but there's a lot of positives in that. The -- a category that is now the size of yogurt growing in high-single digits is a very rare thing, and so the ability for innovation to continue to drive consumption and grow the category continues to support what a fantastic business the yogurt category is. And at different times, trends come in, many that we've created that have driven that growth and in some cases where competitors have driven. But as has been in the past, the game is always far from over in yogurt. It's a high-consumption, fast-moving category. I think our investments will very much drive our business performance forward. We'll get competitive in the Greek segment. There's further innovation to be done even beyond the Greek segment, and we'll continue to drive the category in a positive way. So I'm very enthused about the yogurt category, but we have to, this year, acknowledge we have some work to do to sort of step back and get our -- get back into the game on some of the segments that have emerged quickly. But I feel very good, and I like our plans going forward in it. I just want to acknowledge we have work to do. In the case of cereal, you're really dealing with I think a fairly anomalous period from the standpoint of there’s recalls and things in historical data to work through on a share basis. I think once that all works through the wash you'll see again a very productive category and a very productive General Mills within that category. And so I feel terrific about what's going on in cereal and good about -- I feel really good about our prospects, and so that's a very different situation. That's almost a case of the math in the comps.
Kendall J. Powell: I would say in cereal we’ll -- I feel very good about our cereal share trajectory once we get through these odd comps in the category which we’re largely through. Yogurt’s going to be a piece-by-piece buildup over the year and into next year. It's not going to be an overnight solve, but the sequential growth I think will improve.
Kendall J. Powell: So David, on Häagen-Dazs, and I've got Kris O'Leary here sitting next to me. We were kind of chatting as you were asking the question. I mean, our team performed extraordinarily well in the period immediately after that catastrophe in Japan. And obviously, the business performed quite a bit ahead of what we thought it might do. But as we think about the rest of the year and I would say we just, we think it's prudent to -- we just think it's appropriate to be cautious about consumer sentiment and how those categories will play out. So you're right. I mean, we're pleased with the first quarter, but we're going to sort of take a cautious stance here until we see a little more data. For CPW, I think your question was, is that sustainable? And I don't have in front of me -- are the quarter's numbers sustainable. I don't have it in front of me, the previous quarters. I will tell you that CPW has had a solid year. I mean, they started well and really they've sustained it over the course of the year. I mean, they have very good brand building initiatives in that company. Their core businesses have been solid. Their business in the U.K., which was really a drag a year ago, is helping a little bit now. They've got fabulous focus in business development activities and consumer development activities in emerging markets and that's been a driver for them. So we feel quite good about how -- about their performance this year. And given the still very low penetration of cereal in most of the markets that they compete in, we think that their global cereal category, generally in CPW, have very, very good growth prospects well into the future.
Ian R. Friendly: Andrew, this is Ian. Yes. I think my expectation is it's roughly similar. In some ways, we do have some seasonal items, seasonal parts of our business coming up. On the other side, I'll say that in many cases, one of the ways that we've taken pricing is reduction in trade merchandising or raising our traded price points. And some of that hasn't been reflected yet, particularly for the seasonal businesses like soup, where that will be much more evident going forward. So there'll be some actions we've already taken that haven't yet shown up for net price realization, but the nature and the degree, I would say, is roughly in line with our first quarter.
Ian R. Friendly: The categories kind of played out and our business played out roughly as we thought from a volume impact elasticity and pricing standpoint, which is to say we've had to take quite a bit more pricing than we would ever historically have taken, and it did have a negative impact on volumes. But roughly in line with what we expected, maybe a little bit better in a few categories. But I would say our expectation for the year is sales-driven in growth by pricing and dollars with modest decline in volume.
Ian R. Friendly: Alexia, this is Ian. No, I guess I wouldn't characterize it quite that way yet. Our business is on track with where we expected it, but it is down due to so much of the category's growth and share going towards the Greek segment. And our new capacity for our Greek business didn't really come online until the last month of the quarter. So within the quarter, I would say -- well, I wouldn't say, we were down on our yogurt business. It should get sequentially better over the year as we're able to get behind this business, but it's going to be many periods of working that back.
Ian R. Friendly: Yes, over all of U.S. Retail in general, it was up a bit in the quarter but not significantly. And as you head into seasonal periods, it's quite normal for that to go on. So I would say, what we're seeing overall is pretty normal behaviors. There have been fluctuations and there always are in a given category or 2. But overall, I would say we're not seeing any distinct -- a broad-based retail pullback of inventory.
Ian R. Friendly: No, I wouldn't think so. I'll say just there in the data, in the case of soup, our -- there appeared to be some inventory reduction going on over the summer, but I expect that will self-adjust over the year.
Ian R. Friendly: This is Ian. Our HMM energy is really -- it's always been the case that across the board in all our businesses, in fact both domestic and International. And so again, continue to think of this as much more as a grassroots phenomenon that really goes across all our lines. What I can tell you is our level of HMM is every bit as strong as it's been, if not a little bit stronger than prior years. And so it continues to be a very productive activity for us. But it's not isolated to any one business or category.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, we don't provide quarterly guidance or information on inflation, but what we have said and what we did see is that we see higher inflation in the first half of the year versus second half of the year but still 10% to 11% for the full year.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Alexia, we always have repurchase as part of our traditional way to return cash to shareholders. But as we've said this year, our share repurchase activity would be down substantially from last year because we're using that cash to fund the Yoplait acquisition. So I think that's the main factor you'll see in our use of cash this year.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, for the year, as we said, I guess probably in the July meeting, we expect about $0.01 or a little over $0.01 drag in EPS from the new amortization from the intangible assets. We had 1 month of that in the quarter, so it's probably in the neighborhood of $3 million to $5 million. If it shows up in our operating results, you'll also see it then in the amortization depreciation line of the cash flow.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, because you've seen what those asset lives are going to be -- they're extended, they're different terms. But it's everything from mid-single digits to double digit in terms of years, so the average life is probably in the high-single digits to low-double digits in terms of years. And again, this is one month because it's only -- we only had one month of Yoplait results in the quarter.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, that just reflects the fact that it's a lower-priced product on a pound basis versus our other International portfolio. We see a similar impact in the U.S. business. It's just that it's obviously, it’s more -- it stands out in International because it's the first time we've consolidated Yoplait.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, Eric, we don't break down line of business profitability, but I'll reiterate what we shared in July that we're going to have 10 months of results for Yoplait for the year. We expect it to contribute about $1.2 billion in sales. Operating profit is low-double digits as a percent before that amortization expense we just talked about.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Sure. On the interest expense, as we said in July, we expect mid-single-digit growth interest expense, given the additional debt we've taken on earlier in the year to fund Yoplait, and that still remains our guidance. As I mentioned, we did have some favorable breaks from a rate standpoint in the quarter, but our guidance for the full year still holds. As far as the noncontrolling interest on the P&L, you're exactly right. That will be Sodiaal's share of the earnings out of Yoplait. We did have over operating earnings in the quarter, but we also had a mark-to-market on the balance sheet, a cross-currency loan on the Yoplait balance sheet. There's a -- it's a euro entity with a sterling-denominated loan. July obviously was a bit of a hiccup in the foreign exchange markets in Europe, and it broke against the euro. And so we ended up having a mark-to-market -- a noncash mark-to-market flow-through. So the reason you see a loss in the quarter is because that reflects Sodiaal's share of that mark-to-market loss. As we look at the full year, as I mentioned to Eric's question, we continue to expect to see double digit -- low double-digit profit margins from that business. And so as a result, you will see that loss turn into a positive on a full year in the MCI line.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Todd, a couple of things. When we talk about that $2 billion plus, some of it is a maturity -- $1 billion maturity we have coming due in February, and then the balance, I think it’s $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion, is actual commercial paper. We will term out or, if you will, refinance that maturity that's coming due. We haven't exactly picked the size yet, but that $1 billion of maturity, we will be back in the market to refinance that sometime probably around mid-year -- mid-fiscal year for us. As far as the commercial paper, we will pay that down over the year. As I mentioned, we have a higher-than-normal balance now versus what we've been running. So that's really the funding mechanism for the Yoplait acquisition. So as we generate cash, we'll spend more cash on paying down that balance and bring down our share repurchase for the year. So you'll see that balance come down over time. One thing I would say, just on that front with the increase in our balance, we still have ready access to the commercial paper markets, matter of fact, our recent issues have been LIBOR minus a couple basis point. So we're trading actually versus LIBOR arguably better than we ever have. So we feel very good about our market access but still, we do expect to bring that balance down over time.
Donal Leo Mulligan: This is Don. We are about 75% covered as of now. So we have pretty good line of sight of what the inflation will be for the year, and it still is in that 10% to 11% range that we gave guidance on in July. To your point, the markets have been volatile. As a result, we've extended some of our positions, but in terms of our inflation expectations for the year, they still remain in that 10% to 11% range.
