Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Stanley and good morning everybody. I am here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO and Don Mulligan, our CFO. And I will hand the call over to them in a moment. But before I do, I will cover a few housekeeping items. Our press release on fourth quarter and full year earnings was issued over the wire services earlier this morning and you can find a release and a copy of the slides that supplement this morning’s remarks on our Investor Relations website. And I will remind you that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. Second slide on today’s presentation was factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. Included in our press release this morning was a reminder that we will be reporting results of our newly acquired Blue Buffalo business on a 1-month lag to our corporate calendar. We took a similar approach in previous acquisitions, including Annie’s, Yoki and Yoplait International. As a result, our fiscal 2018 financials do not include net sales or operating profit from Blue Buffalo, though our 2018 earnings per share do include the impact of higher shares and interest due to the acquisition financing. Don will provide details on the impact of Blue Buffalo on our 2019 financials later in the presentation. Finally, I will note that starting with the first quarter of fiscal ‘19 we will be adopting a new presentation of pension, post-retirement and post-employment benefit expenses. This will separate the service costs from other benefit related expenses or income which will be below operating profit. When we report our first quarter earnings in September, we will provide you visibility to how the new income statement presentation will impact our 2019 adjusted operating profit growth rate and related guidance. So, it will not impact earnings per share, or EPS growth. And with that, I will turn you over to my colleagues beginning with Jeff.
Jeff Siemon: Yes, Tommy, I think we will try to get one quick one in here, I know everybody is going to transition to another call in a couple of minutes, so maybe time for one more.
Jeff Siemon: Quick one. Thanks Tommy. Thanks everybody for your attention feel free to reach out over the course of the day if you have more questions, I will be on the phone all day. Thanks again and we will talk to you soon.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Bryan, it is. As we have said with higher inflation even at 5%, given our HMM pricing of 1% or 2% is enough to combine with HMM to offset that level of inflation. That’s the way to think about our FY19 gross margin.
Jeff Harmening: Well, we would expect it to be flat or better, especially with the inclusion of Blue Buffalo, with the increase we will get from Blue Buffalo in the year.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. I think, Ken, I think it’s a fair question. What I would say is that the key for us as I have talked about is to try to get to the middle of the boat. On the one hand, on the one side of the boat, all we are going to do is drive cost savings, and the other side of the boat is driving growth without regard to what your profit is. I think the key for us is to get to the middle of the boat. And what you’ve have seen from us over this last year and what you will see next year is a greater emphasis on top line growth than we have had, but it’s certainly not at the expense of efficiency. And so, we are driving better topline growth across all of our four segments, and we are planning to do that in fiscal ‘19. At the same time, we are continuing to drive efficiencies. I think that’s why I laid out that HMM is going be increasing next year. We took some administrative actions in the fourth quarter to reduce our admin load and we are looking at redoing our logistics network. And so for us the key is to get in the middle of the boat. As we look at 2019, one of the things that we realize that we will have to do is we will have to make some investments in growth capabilities in order to drive that continued growth. I am really pleased with the 400 basis point improvement that we made this year, if we can make another 100 basis point improvement next year that will give us a long way to get back to sustainable growth. And if you add on top of that, another maybe 75 points of organic growth from the growth of Blue Buffalo, you start to get to a place where you are between 1% and 2% growth. So, we feel like we have made significant improvements in ‘18. We will take another big step forward in ‘19. And my hope is that in the next year or after that, we can get back to a sustainable level, which is about 3% topline growth. So, we feel like we are making good progress on that front and the key for us is to invest in the right capabilities whether it’s e-commerce or growth things like capabilities and Häagen-Dazs for driving freezers or things like that and to make sure we are doing that while maintaining our efficiency.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, our logistics costs, we expect to be higher than that 5%. So, it is driving it up. We also expect to to see the heavier weight of that in the first part of the year because it accelerated and F18 unfolded, so both expected to be one of the key drivers of our inflation and to be just a little bit more frontloaded.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, not in fiscal ‘19. At some point, we would expect it to align with our reporting calendar, but that’s not baked into our fiscal ‘19 plan or guidance.
Jeff Harmening: We didn’t give any guidance for segment growth and we will talk more about what we expect out of our segments at our investor meeting in a couple of weeks. What I will say is that if you look at our business next year, not only for North America retail, but in general, I would expect it to get incrementally better again on yogurt in the U.S. I mean, we were down over 20% in the first quarter and reduced that to minus 5% in the fourth quarter and we like our innovation coming out and Oui is doing well. And so I would certainly hope that and plan in the coming year that our yogurt business will continue to get better. We actually gained share in the fourth quarter. And I think more broadly as we look at this as an organization, we had a rough first half in Brazil and not great in Asia, but we really accelerated growth in the back half of the year in those geographies behind our growth platforms, namely snack bars like in India and in the Middle East and Häagen-Dazs and Wanchai Ferry in China and so I would expect incremental growth for us to come in our emerging markets, particularly with Brazil as we are lapping the systems implementation and in China where we saw lot of growth coming in the second half of the year.
Jeff Harmening: Well, look we will talk about that in detail in a couple weeks. I don’t mean to dodge the question, but I guess I will dodge the question only to say that we will talk more about that. What I will say is that one of the things I am really pleased about in our North America business is how broad our growth was. I mean, we gained share in 7 out of 9 categories this year, including on many of our – most important categories, those categories represent 80% of our business. And I think when some folks talk about the year we had, they talk about kind of lapping a tough year, a year ago, which is certainly true and we gained share in soup and we did better on refrigerated baked goods, but the really the gains were broad-based, if you look across our bars business, you look across yogurt we improved, you look across cereal we improved. And so that momentum I think will carry into next year in particular, I think we get underestimated is that we came in the year with a distribution drag. We are down about 4, 5 points of distribution and we are exiting the fourth quarter with distribution relatively flat. We have been gaining distribution, in fact, we have been gaining distribution in categories like cereal and so that will be a tailwind for us that Jon Nudi will speak more about in a couple of weeks.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, so we said about – it was about 100 basis points in the first half of the year, a negative about 100 basis points positive in the second half and you see that flow through as we saw little bit better price mix appreciation in the third quarter. That was a piece of it.
Jeff Harmening: Don was saying it will be 11 points of impact of EBIT growth includes the purchase accounting for Blue Buffalo.
Jeff Harmening: Rob, you had a question about merchandising in Q4, I think the reference I had in the script was to our cereal merchandising, which was down double-digits. And I mentioned that only because there has been a lot of commentary about have we just bought share in cereal merchandising up, I think it’s really important that people listening this call understand that we actually drove share growth in cereal in the fourth quarter with merchandising being down double-digits, which really speaks to our baseline or our non-promoted business, which was up over 2% during the quarter. And the reason why that’s important, I mean, we had really good new products, our marketing is terrific, I highlighted Lucky Charms and Cheerios. I could also highlight Cinnamon Toast Crunch or Reese’s Puffs. And so as we look at this year, we are really pleased with our cereal business and the fact that we could grow share in the fourth quarter with merchandising being down double-digits, I think speaks to what we have been talking about, which is the strength of our marketing ideas and our marketing execution in cereal. As we look at next year, Jon Nudi, you will talk more about that in a couple of weeks, so I will leave that to him. But I think we will see some tailwinds from new products on our U.S. business as we will for our business in general. And also distribution, I think that’s probably something that people underestimated that we came in this year with some distribution gaps, because we discontinued a lot of SKUs. And as we look at fiscal ‘19 we look to either hold steady or grow our distribution just on the basis of our broad top line momentum. And so Jon will talk more about that in a couple of weeks.
Jeff Harmening: In the U.S., slotting fees are not a huge expense in general. They come with some slotting fees, but that’s not a huge cost driver for us.
Jeff Harmening: Alright, Pablo. Let me try take those one at a time and if I miss one, it’s not on purpose, but as we look at Q4 and pricing, I think the first thing to recognize when it comes to strategic revenue management, you see this in our first quarter, if you talk about pricing, there really are a lot of levers, including mix. And in our fourth quarter, we drove a lot of positive mix and I give you a couple of examples in Europe, these accelerators that we have talked about like Häagen-Dazs and Old El Paso and bars, not only are they in fast growing categories, but they are also mix accretive. And so to the extent we accelerate growth on those, you see come through in the pricing, you come and see it come through on our margins you see it come through in profitability. And so in our fourth quarter in Asia and in Europe, you saw quite a bit of mix. And so you will see that in the – in the U.S. you will see a pullback in merchandising a little bit in the fourth quarter and that drove about a point of pricing for us in the fourth quarter. And so as we talk and think about pricing, it really is pricing and mix. So, there are lot of different levers associated with that. In terms of the commentary on what’s changed, if you look more broadly, I mean we saw in 2018 about 2% pricing across our categories in North America as opposed to 1% pricing the year before. So in our category themselves, we have seen again product mix as a part of that, but we have seen some pricing appreciation. I think it’s because the external environment has changed and we are all seeing higher inflation whether it’s on logistics or whether it’s on labor cost and manufacturing or whether it’s on input cost. And no one wants to lead with pricing we are all trying to become more efficient just like we are with our logistics network and HMM. That’s certainly the first line of defense, but when you get to – when you get to levels of inflation for us that reached 4% and in this current fiscal year and we are projecting at 5%, you need a little bit of pricing in addition to all those other cost levers to offset it and I think we are seeing that broadly. The other theme and I am not sure that you asked us, but I want – I think it’s important is that there has been a lot of commentary about retailer competition. There certainly is a lot of retailer competition and particularly about e-commerce and I don’t want this point to go by, but we grew our e-commerce business by 50% globally this past year and 70% in North America and we over-index in the categories we compete, including about a 120 index on our full basket sales relative to what we have in brick-and-mortar. And so there has been a lot of talk in the industry about kind of e-commerce being the death of brands and especially food brands and all we keep doing is growing our e-commerce business and growing our share within it. And so we are particularly pleased about that and that’s why we are going to continue invest in that capability as we look into F19. Then you asked a question about Blue Buffalo and I am not going to give specifics about our distribution plans, Billy Bishop will talk about Blue Buffalo later. What I will say is that when it comes to supply chain that we got a treat facility up online, a little bit ahead of schedule and the Richmond facility is due to come online later this summer. That Blue Buffalo had been really impressed with their supply chain team. They have got really high-quality supply chain team. We are going to add to that capability, because we have more high-quality supply chain folks. And I think for us the key is that with Blue Buffalo, I am not sure we are going to speed up their acceleration into the channel. I think what we are going to help them do is execute with excellence, not because they don’t have good people, because we just have – they have a lot of good people and we have a lot of good people together. We have enough people to get the job done. And so we are confident in our FDM expansion plans, at the same time, we think we are growing our share in e-commerce and that business is growing really quickly. And we haven’t forgotten about the pet specialty channel and even though that channel is declining, it’s still a very important channel for us and we will have to distinguish ourselves across the different channels on Blue Buffalo.
Jeff Harmening: Well, what I would say is that we have increased confidence going into F19, but some of the things we put in place if we double down those investments that they will work and I will use e-commerce in an example of that, we are going to increase our investment in e-commerce this coming year, because we saw the investments payoff and that is indicated in our growth rates, but beyond that, I would say that we saw acceleration in the back half of this year, especially the fourth quarter we put some money against acceleration on Häagen-Dazs and on bars and we really saw some really strong results in both Asia and in Europe. And I give you a couple of examples. We turned on advertising for the first time on Fiber One bars in Australia and saw really good results. And so we decided to turn that advertising on in the UK and my guess is we will see good results there as well. And on Häagen-Dazs, we have doubled down on some of our new product efforts when I am particularly pleased with how we progressed in Asia behind our growth at Häagen-Dazs and in the fourth quarter accelerated growth in Europe on Häagen-Dazs behind increased marketing spending as well as increased new product introductions. And so we will spend more on R&D for example on those businesses we look in the coming year. And then finally I will highlight India. We don’t talk a lot about India, but we had tremendous growth in bars in India and the Middle East. And we look to continue that this next year. And so what we have done at the end of fiscal ‘18 which as you start to see in our fourth quarter, we will continue on to next year. And what I will also tell you is that there will probably be some things that don’t work as well as we want and we are keeping a close eye on all of our investments and we will double down on the things that really work well and if things don’t work as well as we want, but we will shift those resources and put against things that are higher return. But what I will say as we have increased confidence based on what we saw in the fourth quarter that we are accelerating on the right platforms and the things that we are doing are making the difference.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. I would say one of the – I mean, I am at the risk of repeating myself, I appreciate the question. I think the thing I am most pleased about is the broad-based improvement and what I would hope for next year is that we continue to have broad-based improvement. As I mentioned, I mean yogurt is the one that improved the most throughout the year and we will look for that to continue. The business we probably had outsized growth this year was on soup, because we had a really tough year, the prior year. We made some investments in our soup business. Our competitors didn’t have the best year. So in 2018 we probably had some outsized growth on our soup business and maybe we will repeat that and maybe we won’t, but that one I wouldn’t look for outsized growth on that one only, because we had a particular poor year the year before when we came back with a particularly good year. On the rest of it, I think the key is that we really like our marketing efforts and our new product efforts. And to the extent that your marketing is good and your innovation is good, those things are repeatable. And I think what you will see for us next year is that broad-based we think our new product innovation is good. Our retailers think it’s good which is also important and it’s really good in our big categories, so cereal and snacks and yogurt and reveal those plans in more doubt, but we have good new product innovation at the end of last year, we have good new product innovation this year and that will help us drive distribution growth, which will be a tailwind for us as opposed to a year ago. And I will save the rest for Jon Nudi in a couple of weeks and he can give you some more detail.
Jeff Harmening: Well, as we think about the fourth quarter, I think first of all, Brazil is less than 3% of our entire business. And it had a little impact in the last few days of the last quarter and it will have a little impact on the first few days in the next quarter, but overall as an organization it’s not going to be a huge factor for us certainly, the SAP implementation from last year was a much bigger factor than what we are seeing in the trucking so far this year in Brazil.
Don Mulligan: Yes, Jason, this is Don. We came through as we had indicated again with a year-over-year comparison, so it wasn’t so much what we had to do in ‘18 is what the quirk of our ‘17 recognition. So we through as we expected, that’s what allowed us to bring our operating profit or segment operating profit in on guidance. So it came in at the magnitude we had guided before.
Don Mulligan: Yes. So, our guidance for EBIT in total is 6% to 9% growth, 11 points of that coming from Blue Buffalo, so you can do the math on what the base business is going to do down low single-digits, so maybe 5%. So, what’s driving that, we already see it in total, getting the benefit of accretion from Blue Buffalo. We are getting benefit from HMM, from increased HMM and from our pricing as well. But the headwinds are higher level of inflation. We are seeing – be embedded in that of course is the purchase price accounting for Blue Buffalo. That’s part of the 11% from Blue Buffalo. But most importantly below the gross margin, we are seeing increase in growth driving capability investments and accelerate investments. Jeff talked about many of these as we think about driving and putting additional investment behind Häagen-Dazs, Snack Bars, Old El Paso, e-commerce continuing to build our data analytical capabilities to drive SRM. All those are embedded in below the gross margin line. We also frankly have about $40 million incentive true-up year-over-year and then I mentioned a couple of discrete favorable non-recurring items in our Q4 corporate items that will lap as well.
Don Mulligan: And Pablo, this is Don. Just in terms of the baseline, obviously you have the BLUE’s reported results through calendar ‘17 think about the increase you would expect in Q1 for them and that probably is a pretty good base. We will be issuing an 8-K with the pro forma results for the combined company in just a handful of days and that will give you better line of sight.
Don Mulligan: Yes, for our media spend, for next year, we really talk about it total brand reinvestment and we do expect it to be up in ‘19. Media will for our base business will likely be flattish, but we will have additional investment in customer activation and e-commerce things that don’t necessarily the media line. Obviously, our total brand investment will be up significantly when you roll Blue Buffalo in. So, we have a lot – we have a number of tools that we used to grow our sales. They don’t all weigh in, in the media line as we talked about in the last few calls, but in total, we expect our media to be roughly flat in our base business.
