Kendall J. Powell: Hi, Eric.Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Two questions, I guess. Ken, you clearly have stated with all the details on the new products that top line is the focus. It looks like promotional spending just for pretty much everybody, including yourself, has not been as effective. So could you kind of talk a little bit about the comment that like media spending is going to be up, I think you said greater than sales? Kind of how does promo fit into that? And then I have a follow-up on the cost savings restructuring effort.
Kendall J. Powell: So, Eric, I mean, let me make a comment and then I think Don wants to jump in. I mean you should think of that number as a partial year number and I think as we’ve noted we’ll expect that to grow in out years. Beyond that in terms of more detail on how we’re approaching this and what we’re thinking, we don’t have those to share with you today and so we’ll come back at those later, but I think it would be correct to say that’s a partial year that we’re capturing there and we expect that to increase going forward.
Kendall J. Powell: Hi, David.David Palmer – RBC Capital Markets LLC:  Good morning. U.S. Retail has been at the center of the shortfall in the last few years versus your high single-digit targets. It seems to be key to the turn in your fiscal 2015 guidance in addition to the impact from cost reductions and the extra week. Assuming that is fair, what areas of U.S. Retail do you expect to improve the most into the next year and why would those be the areas that you expect to improve? Thanks.
Kendall J. Powell: David, thank you for the question. There are three focused areas in U.S. Retail. One area focuses to continue really and accelerate our very strong momentum in snacks. We’ve had great success there. We have a very strong innovation pipeline. You’ll see more of that innovation in the first half. I will tell you there is more good innovation coming in the second half. So first things first is to keep the momentum going in a very, very successful part of our portfolio. The next two priorities Yoplait yogurt and cereal. Let me talk about each of those a little bit. In the yogurt category, I would say that the dynamics of that category are shifting in our favor right now. While Greek yogurt is obviously a very big part of the category now, it’s been stable at 46%, 47% of the category now for 6 months or 7 months. And that means a couple of things, I mean first of all we have terrific Greek offering now. We have a full slate of Greek products in many styles and formats. We introduced a number in the second half of last year. We are introducing 20 more in the first half of this year. And we are seeing – and these are very, very good products, consumers like them. We are seeing our share expand, and so we’re finally getting real traction in that large Greek segment. On the other hand, the fact that the growth of the Greek segment has stabilized, it really means that there is room for these other segments, I think to get traction now. And so, we are clearly seeing that in our core cup business on these Yoplait brands. We saw Yoplait Original grow last year. We’re seeing that momentum continue behind reformulation, and a very effective advertising. We’re going to be renovating and reformulating Yoplait Light. In the first half of this year, we’ll be taking aspartame out and putting Stevia in, which we think our consumers are going to like a lot, and gives us some good news to talk about. We’re seeing some traction in our kid brands. So overall, as we look at that yogurt category, we just think that the dynamics are going to be a bit more in our favor, in our full portfolio. And then finally, on cereal, we’ve got a very clear point of view on what’s happening there. Taste brands are doing really well. So whether it’s Honey Nut Cheerios or Lucky Charms or Cinnamon Toast Crunch, big great tasting brands. Those are all growing for us behind product quality, and very good in advertising. And so, we’re going to keep doing that and we’ll build on that. The consumer definition of health is changing in the cereal category. Clearly, they are interested in protein, clearly there are things that they – some consumers want to avoid like gluten, and so you’re going to see us build on those trends with new product offerings and continued renovation. And remember, we grew our cereal business this year. And we believe strongly that we’ll grow it next year, and that we understand what’s happening in that category very well. So anyway, long answer to your question, but those are the three priorities. And we’re very focused on them, and we’re optimistic that we’ll be able to make those gains.David Palmer – RBC Capital Markets LLC:  Thanks. And see you next week. 
Kendall J. Powell: Well, Let me just say that, I would agree with your observation that we’re seeing price stability. Obviously we don’t comment prospectively on pricing and that sort of thing, but I agree with your observation. We also of course are seeing some moderating dairy inflation; and it’s always hazardous to predict what commodity prices are going to do as well, as you know. But we’re encouraged by what we are seeing on that front. So dairy inflation will be a key variable for us next year. And we like the direction it’s going in now, and I think we’re observing price stability in that Greek segment right now.
Kendall J. Powell: Hey Alexia, how are you?Alexia Jane Howard – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC:  Good, thank you. I’ve two questions. Firstly, it looks as though comparing the third quarter results with the data that came out today is, those cereals and the Frozen Foods have declined quite sharply over the last quarter. Given that you’re expecting to get back to growth at least in cereals, how quickly do you expect that to happen during the course of fiscal 2015. And then, I have a follow-up.
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I think your last point, Alexia, let me sort of address several of the points, certainly we’re observing where the growth is coming across our portfolio. And we continue to increase the pace of innovation and the level of support behind our snacking business because that’s a real growth opportunity. Having said that though, again, we have – we know where the growth is in the cereal category right now, and we think we know how to get it. And just to repeat myself, high taste indulgent products are performing very nicely for us. And so we are going to add support to those. So, Honey Nut Cheerios are the biggest brand in the category grew for us, this year. Lucky Charms and Cinnamon Toast grew, so we will keep renovating these highly differentiated products and we will support them well and we will add to them, because they work. But to your other point, we also know that consumers are interested in more protein, and we do see more breakfast going to for instance Greek Yogurt, as an example, or our other protein based breakfast. That’s why we were expanding our range of protein based cereal offerings. Nature Valley protein granola has been quite successful for us. So, we are going to shift resources to that kind of innovation. It’s early days and I mean, literally we are just weeks into this, but it looks like Cheerios protein will strike a chord. So, to your point Alexia we are – we do really study the market closely. We look to see how consumer preferences are shifting and our innovation plan and approach is very coherent and how it follows those trends and those preferences, and which I think is the core of your question. So, thank you.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, it’ll be Matthew it’ll be later in the year. I mean we’re making – we were building a plant. I mean we’ve been very clear on that and we are – this is an exciting multibillion dollar category. In China we’ve great capability to bring there and we will obviously have more details to share with you as we get closer to the launch. But we’ll have very good capability and we intend to launch very high quality, very competitive offerings into that market. And we will start as we always do in the specific region in China and prove out the business model and make sure that we’ve got our capabilities aligned the right way and then we will expand. But we are obviously very enthusiastic about this opportunity and I think it’s a great growth platform for General Mills in China. Matthew C. Granger – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, all right, thanks very much, Ken.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, we have quite a strong team and we are developing and moving and promoting people based on the results that they have achieved over time, and so we have a very effective leadership team in North America well led and I think you will see these points that I made just a minute ago.Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: And my last question, usually you talk about acquisitions where there is priority using cash flow. You didn’t talk about that at all. Can you just – I know last year you guys said that you were not thinking about acquisitions. Is it back on the table? Just talk about it broadly. Obviously you are not going to give exact examples, but I just want to know broadly.
Kendall J. Powell: I’m happy to talk about it and you are right we are not going to give exact examples, but yes, M&A is still part of our strategy. We were clear that F14 was the year of consolidating some large acquisitions we done, and then returning cash to shareholders, and if we did both of those things very effectively. We have continued to work during F14 to look at new opportunities in the same markets, the same areas that we have talked about previously getting deeper in emerging markets and better -- snacking in the U.S. or in developed markets more broadly, and as things eventuate we will certainly share with you.Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Great, thank you.
Donal L. Mulligan: Yes, Eric. What I’d add is as you’re well aware we have been under HMM discipline for close to a decade now. That has allowed us to continue to drive efficiencies in both our supply chain as well as our overheads, which has avoided the need to take a lot of large scale restructuring actions. That said, on a very target basis we do think we see some opportunities. To Ken’s point, we expect to be back to you in 90 days or so with more specifics on portions of it. It will play out beginning this year. Think about those savings falling more in the back half and then they will expand in F16 and we’ll give you a line of sight on that when we’re revealing out more specifics.Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I’ll pass on. Thank you.
Donal L. Mulligan: Andrew.Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Ken, I want to come back just for a minute to the promotional efficiency question from before. I’m trying to get a sense of whether this is other sort of companies in the grocery space having up their game in terms of sort of in store selling capabilities that’s allowed them to be more successful in getting some high quality space or is it just that, in the environment we’re in, they’re just pushing with more, let’s say moneys are spending to get some of it, which will fade at some point. And have you seen something like this dynamic sort of in your experience before? And then I’ve got a follow-up.
Donal L. Mulligan: Yes. I think Andrew, I just add a few, if you look at the Nielsen in the fourth quarter, pricing in Greek was stable and we were very much in line with that on both the movement in $1 per cup basis. So we feel good about our pricing competitiveness, and where it is, and the stability in the category.Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Donal L. Mulligan: And Alexia the only thing I would add to that is you touched on median and where we are going to put our investments. And you had mentioned and you noted that it is going to be up faster than sales next year. But I think you’ll also see it, be more differentially put against those ideas U.S our old businesses for example that Ken touched on behind cereal, behind snacking, behind yogurt to potentially more differentiated step than we had in past years.Alexia J. Howard – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Thank you, very much, I will pass it on.
Donal L. Mulligan: We expect to reinvest this year. YesDavid C. Driscoll – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay, thank you. 
Donal L. Mulligan: Yes, that’s right. We had some add-ins last year, late last year that we are rolling over and just from an accrual base ends up catching up with you in the quarter. The full year numbers are more important number to look at it. It was not about if 3% and that also included within our U.S. business some shift for media to other consumer like sampling behind our yogurt business, which had a fairly significant impact on that number.Ken B. Goldman – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, we will see in a couple of weeks.
