Donal Leo Mulligan: I wouldn't -- I would say that as we look at emerging markets -- well, let me step back and just say 2 things. First off, when we think about growing our business, first order of business is ensure that we have a very strong base business, whether that is here in the U.S., Canada, Europe. And you saw those results this year with Europe, for example, showing mid-single-digit base business sales growth. And so that's always job one, is to make sure that we have a very vibrant base business. Then where we see incremental opportunities is in international, particularly in emerging markets. We have a fabulous business in China that's growing over 20% this year. We're augmenting that with obviously an acquisition -- a soon-to-be acquisition in Brazil. But also on an organic basis, we're plotting back several earnings growth to accelerate even faster in China, for example, and we've done that for the last 3 to 4 years. And while we've done that, you still see that International has grown quite nicely on both the top and bottom line. So this isn't a change of direction. We've been trying to be pretty transparent about that over the last few years that we've been putting additional money back into those markets because we see a long-term growth potential.
Donal Leo Mulligan: A couple of reasons. The major one is consistency, both with our historical results and what is still, I think, the norm for most of our peer set. And then the other one is transparency, and the information you need to see what our results would look like with different accounting treatments or reporting treatments is readily available in our Qs and Ks. So if someone wants to take a different look at our pension, we have the information there for them to do that. Plus, as you saw on the call today, we highlight when there's a material movement in the pension expense. So it's really about consistency and transparency, and we're quite satisfied with our accounting and reporting treatment.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, Eric, I'll take that one. And we -- clearly looking at the stock price today, I think you'd look at our results at any kind of multiple whether it's cash flow earnings versus historical measures, and we think we're undervalued, and that certainly plays into our consideration of how we use our capital per share versus acquisition funding.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Bryan, the only color I would add -- Bryan, the only color I'd add a little bit further is just in terms of phasing. We do expect volumes to grow over the course of the year, to be relatively flat in the early -- in the first quarter and then begin building as we come out of the negative trends we've seen through F '12.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, I'm glad you asked. Let me just -- let me run through because there are quite a number of them, and that's worth about 2 to 3 points in our top line. So there's the 2 months of the Yoplait International business that we bought last July that are incremental to 2013. There are 9 months of Yoplait Canada. We'll take over that business on September 1. There's 10 months of Food Should Taste Good, which we acquired in the fourth quarter of fiscal '12, 10 additional months. There's roughly 11 additional months or incremental months of Yoplait Ireland that we acquired in May. And then there's virtually a full year of Parampara, the small business that we bought in India. So those 5 businesses in those months I listed are all going to be incremental, '13 versus '12. That all excludes, of course, Yoki, which we'll provide some guidance on when we actually close it.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Right. And for the full year, that underlying sales growth will be a mix of volume and price mix. And the volume, as I mentioned, will build as the year unfolds.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, there's really 3 areas as I think I noted. There's Yoplait U.S. where we have product launches, 35 new items in the first half of the year, and so we're advertising behind that. There's also merchandising programs behind that.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, correct. And the second is Yoplait Canada. As we reacquire that business, there's going to be some investment to bring that in. And then the third area, as I mentioned, was the emerging markets, particularly in China, where for the last few years we have put additional investment behind it and rolled back some of the earnings to accelerate growth.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, the Yoplait acquisition is performing at least as well, if not a touch better, than we anticipated a year ago. I mentioned some of the top line results, but the bottom line has been just as encouraging. So the guidance we gave last year in terms of the EPS flow would be consistent.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, there's -- Yoplait, we have licensees across some 70 markets. In many of those, we have existing General Mills operations. We'll continue to analyze those just as we did in Ireland and in Canada. I don't have any news to announce today in terms of what our next step would be, but that is part of the integration of the business is to evaluate each of those relationships and determine if it's best with the current licensee or part of our wholly owned family.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. Greg, thanks for coming on the call. I like it when the debt capital market guys get involved as well. We are -- the initial funding obviously will be with commercial paper, and then over the year, we'll pay that commercial paper down with our cash flow. And we will likely be in the market -- we have a maturity coming up in February of next year. And so the combination of that and the commercial paper balance will probably bring us into the market at some point later this calendar year. One thing I will mention, just to build on that and just take advantage of the question, as I mentioned earlier, our view on our shares and our share buyback activity will be higher this year than last year. But I also want to just reaffirm that our credit metrics are very important to us. And as we pay down some of the debt we take on for Yoki, our intent is absolutely to get back to the credit metrics that we're carrying today.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, in today's environment, longer is obviously better, given where the curve is. But actually, our maturity ladder is pretty well dispersed, so there's not necessarily individual pockets that I would highlight today. We'll make that determination as we get closer to going to market.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, let me just clarify something. You said SOP growth of 5% to 7%. We didn't say 5% to 7%. We said mid-single digits, just to clarify that. Within that, clearly, is going to be some benefit from the acquisitions, the most material one would be the Yoplait International, the extra 2 months. And I wouldn't quantify beyond that. And as far as share, we always said that we are going to have -- reduce shares that will contribute to EPS, even after the Yoki acquisition. So that will play a role in our EPS growth.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Right. Well, if you take the $2.65 guidance and you add back the Yoki dilution that we highlighted at $0.02 to $0.03, the tax at $0.02 and the pension at $0.06, you get to a $2.75, $2.76 number, which is high single-digit growth, which is what our long-term models calls for.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Sure. Well, first off, we view F '13 as very different than F '10. F '10 was a deflationary year. We had I think it was minus 3% input cost that year. This year, we expect low single-digit at 2% to 3%, I mentioned in the script -- 2% to 3% inflation. Thank you, Kris. 2% to 3% inflation. So it is a very different environment. We're about 50% covered as we enter the year, which is about an average position for us. And as you noted, Rob, the markets are very volatile, and we've taken positions accordingly. But that volatility will play out as the year unfolds.
Kendall J. Powell: The only thing that I would add to that, Matt, is I would say we don't have a target percentage of international business that we're chasing. We want to do this in a thoughtful and strategic way. Obviously, we're buying businesses that we think fit very well within our capability where we can add value and that will create value for us over the long term. This year was interesting because we had a couple of significant opportunities with Yoplait International at the beginning of the year and Yoki at the end, but -- I mean, this is -- you can't always predict how these things will fall, but -- and in both cases, clearly, both acquisitions, I think, fit very well within our product categories and the things that we're good at, and we're going to use those to create value for shareholders over the long term.
Kendall J. Powell: We are. We are committed to those. We think that certainly when you include the businesses we've acquired over the last few years, I think it’s -- we're probably nicely ahead of the top line and operating profit goals on those targets. And we think we're in the hunt on EPS as well, so we're still very committed to those targets.
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I mean -- the answer would generally, Eric, would be yes. I mean, yogurt has been a drag this year. And if you look at the -- if you just look at market share, for instance, for U.S. Retail with and without yogurt, I mean, if you back yogurt out, I think our share was flat to slightly above in aggregate across the rest of those categories. So there are some other factors in there. But in general, I think your premise is correct. And with all of the innovation and renovation that we have on our yogurt business as we entered the first quarter this year, work both on our core product line with very good marketing initiatives and new products that we feel are quite good. Obviously, we're committed to reversing that and getting unit and sales growth in our yogurt business this year, and we think we have a good chance to do that.
Kendall J. Powell: Well, this process is done. But as you know, as a company, we have an ongoing very high focus on margin-expanding activities under the HMM grouping. We're very focused on continuous improvement. And so, as you said, while this restructuring, which is based on our look going forward of inflation and the environment, while this particular reorganization process is done, we remain very highly committed to these HMM processes. And in fact, we're going to have a very -- in addition to this restructuring that we've just completed, we will have a very strong level of HMM in the plan next year, both in the U.S. and increasingly on the international side where we just are seeing more and stronger engagement with those HMM disciplines.
Kendall J. Powell: So let me give you a couple of thoughts. First of all, our volume growth assumption in -- we're confident about our volume growth assumption in U.S. Retail, which basically assumes a continuing good level of volume growth in our -- in all of our snack businesses, which have been very strong and would include products like LÄRABAR, Nature Valley, Fiber One. So those products have very strong momentum, and they're going to contribute to growth. We also have very strong initiatives in our yogurt business, and that will contribute as well to units. And then we have, we think, very, very prudent and reasonable volume assumptions on some of our bigger, more established categories like cereal, and we think the mix, all-in, is very prudent. On the merchandising side, as we said, we took a lot of pricing last year. We got it mostly right. Going forward, we're going to be adding some merchandising selectively in selective categories and product lines, just to make sure that they are competitive and, as we say, in the zone. We typically do that anyway, and following very substantial amount of price increases this year, we're going to be doing that again as we go into 2013, just to make sure that we have that value equation right everywhere. And it's important for us to do that. We constantly monitor the value. We're not looking at necessarily a price point. We're looking to be in a zone and -- that will allow our marketing programs and our consumer promotion programs to be as effective as they can be. So we'll be doing some of that as well.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, so some of it is as you said, Chris. There'll be some be carryforward pricing that comes in. And then the rest of it is really what I said in the -- in trying to reply to the previous question, which is modest volume assumptions for some of our big core categories and then continuing pretty good volume growth in that healthy snacking area where we have very strong momentum and very -- another year of very good innovations, so that would be all the healthy snacking, many of the Small Planet Food product lines. So we're expecting good growth there and some growth, unit growth, in Yoplait in the U.S. So it would be those components that would give -- lead us to the volume growth in the U.S.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes. Well, we're starting with a very, very high base. I mean, we have really, really increased investments here continuously over the last 5 or 6 years. So I think Don may have said, we're the largest consumer foods advertiser in the U.S. now. So it's a good base, Chris. And we think it'll probably up close to sort of low single digits. But I think at this point, we'll just say at that level or maybe a bit more. It's a substantial amount, and we've got plenty of advertising to fuel our growth in the plan.
Kendall J. Powell: That's correct. And the realignment that I focused on in my remarks, David, really, the focus there was on the 3 segments. So I made some comments on U.S. Retail and International and Foodservice. There were other elements to the restructuring that we did that I didn't comment on. I mean, I commented on it generically, but -- so for instance, we did some very good work in our R&D organization that really just accelerated a path that we were already on, which was to centralize more of our R&D capability around platforms and which is going to generate, we think, a higher level of innovation and in a very efficient way. So for instance, we used to have 4 different R&D groups working on snack bars, depending on the division, and we said that didn't really make -- we can do better than that. Let's put them all together and have one group focusing on that big platform. So we've done other things like that, and altogether, that would be the bigger number. And then this is all incremental to our ongoing level of HMM across our supply chain and -- which will be very, very strong. We're going to generate very strong base core HMM in the plan for F '13.
Kendall J. Powell: Okay. David, that is a great question, and thank you for asking it. We have 2 sort of thrusts in yogurt in terms of category management and distribution. The big one and the main one, and we put a lot of effort into this, is making sure our retail partners understand how dynamic and how exciting this category is. And the intent of that is to help them and make sure that they are planning to expand the case. And we've had very good success doing that over the last -- over the last several years and so we -- depending on the retailer, I mean, we can go in and recommend another 2 feet, another 4 feet, another 6 feet. So we've done, I think, a very good job of playing a leadership role in that area, and you are seeing -- across many of our large retail partners, we are seeing them expand the footage. And so then within that, our goal is to increase our distribution. We held it basically stable in 2012. We lost a little bit as we got to the end of the year, and I mean very small amounts. But as we go in with all of these new items, we have the retailer very optimistic about the category and inclined to expand shelf space. We think we'll be able to hold our core distribution and add incrementally with new products that we think are quite exciting and quite incremental. So that's sort of the 1-2 punch to this.
David Driscoll: Okay. And Ken, sorry for the rambling of my statements here, but it's difficult to reconcile everything that you've got here because there's pieces missing. If we don't know diluted shares and then you blend it in...
David Driscoll: Yes, I know. I apologize here. I'm trying to be as clear as I can. The realignment is -- that relates to the 850 workers that you've reduced in the force. And I want to just make sure that's not part of ongoing HMM.
David Driscoll: Okay. Final question, moving on to yogurt. The 35 new product launches, Ken, can you talk about the shelf space issue that I would guess that you would face launching that many products? Is there any issue in actually getting all these things on shelf? Maybe you can talk about do you have to take some of your current products off shelf, or is this just net incremental adds to your current yogurt space? And then what does it imply for your projections for growth in U.S. Yoplait in 2013? And from there, that'll be it for me.
