Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. And let me start by just kind of reiterating what's kind of in our guidance and what's not. And then I'll provide some clarity on kind of what lies ahead. Even in an uncertain market, I find that clarity beats certainty in terms of how we think about these things. And the guidance, important, you kind of hit on it that our updated guidance for the year would reflect the beat we had in sales in the first quarter, which we just announced, but really didn't have any change in our sales performance for the balance of the year. And I mean it probably raises the question then if our [ sales ] remains elevated as it has for the first quarter, would that indicate that there's a possibility that our sales could be higher. And the answer is yes, there is that possibility. The -- and our second quarter has certainly started out well, particularly in North America. As you look at the retail sales and as you look in past or second quarter, we're off to a nice start. But there's certainly -- there is a lot of uncertainty in our -- the revised guidance we have does not contemplate yet revised demand guidance, but I think we'll have a much better view as Q2 unfolds. And as we announce earnings in Q2, we'll have a better view, not only in the quarter, but then how does demand look for the rest of the year. The other piece of it is really on the bottom line. And our guidance not only contemplates what happened in the first quarter, but also the elevated inflation that we're going to see for the balance of the year. We said it was 7% at the beginning year. It's clearly going to be between 7% and 8% now as we go on the year. It also contemplates some pricing actions that we have taken in order to help address that rising inflation. And how our profit comes in will be determined -- I think about how much exactly does inflation go up and exactly when does -- was pricing hit. In terms of as we look forward, I think the important thing is that there are a couple of things that are really clear to us. One is that inflation is going to continue through the balance of our fiscal year, which is to say, the first half of calendar '22. That much is clear. And it's going to be broad. The second thing that's clear is that we've done a really nice job with pricing so far. And we -- our prices are going to go up for the remainder of the year as we see inflation going up. And so you started to see that at the end of Q1. And by -- hitting Q2, you'll see more pricing. And our job is to, as we've done for the last 3 or 4 years, is just kind of stay in the middle of both, which is to say, we're not going to chase sales growth at the expense of profitability nor are we going to be slaves to profit margin at the expense of things like driving our brands. And this balance of driving sales growth and profitability has served us well over the last few years and, I would argue, during the pandemic has served us especially well, and we're still in the midst of it. So I think I'll stop there. Otherwise, it will probably be a filibuster, but appreciate the starting question. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. I would think the -- no, it's a very fair question, Ken. I guess we foresee labor challenges persisting for quite a while, I mean, especially if you look at logistics. So there's a shortage of truck drivers here in the U.S., and that's not going to abate for a while. There is a shortage in shipping containers as we look at global transportation. You can see them on pictures in the L.A. port. So that's not going to be -- go away for a while. And while we have seen a little bit of loosening in the labor markets once the government spending has kind of decreased, that's not going to solve the whole -- that's not going to help solve the whole dilemma. So I would suggest that the challenges we have with labor and labor inflation are going to persist for quite some time. We have not really seen them abate significantly at this point. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Sure. On Blue Buffalo, the first thing I would say is that our organic business on Blue Buffalo performed quite well in the first quarter. I mean we were up 20% and gaining market share really across all the different segments. Having said that, I think it's important also to reflect that for pet, we probably had our easiest comp in the year this past quarter. We're going -- grew about 6% in the first quarter last year and 18% in the second quarter. And so as good as I feel about Blue Buffalo, I feel great about it. I wouldn't model 20% growth for us from here on out because the comparisons get quite a bit steeper as the year goes on. But Blue Buffalo in itself is performing quite well. We really have opportunities across the segment. We over-index in dry dog food, and we basically under-index in every other subsegment of the category. So there is broad opportunity. And I would say with the Tyson acquisition, when we first looked at it several months ago, we liked it. And once we had bought it, we got a closer look. We really liked it. Now that we have it, we like it even more. And what I can tell you is that the growth of 20% is -- kind of exceeded our initial expectations, and it's got a good management team. And they're -- we've not only bought some nice brand, a good portfolio, but a good team. And what that acquisition really helps us to do is cement our leadership in the treats part of the dog category and something we wouldn't have been able to get to by ourselves. And so it's very complementary, both in product form and in customers where Blue Buffalo sits. So the more we've got to see it, the more we feel good after spending that kind of money to make an acquisition. But we feel good both about Blue and about this recent acquisition of the Tyson pet food business. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Michael, what I would say is you made an observation, I think, which is really important, which is that the pricing that we realized in the first quarter is broad. And I think that speaks to what Jon Nudi was talking about earlier in our Strategic Revenue Management capability and the fact that our capability is significantly better across our company than it was 4 years ago. And you see that in the market. We got out to market fast, and we've been out there effectively. As we look at -- as -- you talk about elasticity of demand, it is still early. We don't have a tremendous amount of data points yet. Having said that, it seemed to us as if demand is holding up quite well, it's holding up a little bit better than we had thought. And if I think through the logic of that, particularly here in the U.S., you see that restaurant traffic is still down, the food cost from away-from-home eating are going up at least as fast as they are in at-home eating because of the labor piece of that, and they face the same pressures we do from an ingredient standpoint. So when you see broad-based inflation not only in at-home eating, but also perhaps even more so in away-from-home eating where restaurants, many of them not only do they see inflation, but they're having trouble staffing all of their restaurants. It seems to us that this is an environment where elasticity, at least so far, has seemed to us, are a little bit lower than what we have said. Now the sample size is small, and we'll continue to monitor that. But that's what we see in the world right now and pretty much true across the world, whether it's here, in the U.K. or in China or Brazil. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Well, what we're able to do, whether it's the Buddies by Blue Buffalo, whether it's Box Tops for Education or whether it's what we're doing in China with our Häagen-Dazs omnichannel approach to shops, is that we can better meet consumer demands, and we can give them things that are more specifically interesting to them. And the more specifically -- specific things you can give to consumers, the better off you're going to be in attracting their sales. And not only that, particularly things like Box Tops for Education, we can also partner with our retail customers because a lot of them have first-party data now. And we can combine the data that we have with the data that they have in order to customize offers to consumers that are to the benefit of them, realizing, of course, all the privacy laws and so forth. So I don't want to go in too much more depth than that other than to say that it's the next evolution of marketing. And we talk about connected commerce, and I think for some, it sounds like a buzzword. But we wanted to give you a couple of clear examples that -- at least here at General Mills, it's not a buzzword. It's something we're taking an active approach to. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. I'm not going to give it down to the decimal point, Alexia, on what's priority and not. But I would say that our priority businesses are the overwhelming majority of our businesses. So they are the most significant part. They represent the top 10 categories for us in the U.S. and our categories in Europe and Asia and Brazil. And they include all the global categories as well as the local gems that we talk about. So it's the vast majority of our categories. And so when we say we're gaining share, roughly 65% or so of our categories, you can be confident that is most of our categories throughout the world. And we say prioritize, though, because it doesn't include some, but it includes all of the biggest, most important categories for us. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. I would say, Alexia, that there are a couple of categories where we have supply constraints, only because demand has been high for such a long time. And I'll give you fruit snacks as an example of that here in the U.S., where we grew share, massive amounts of share 2 years in a row. Demand was high before the pandemic, has been high during the pandemic. It's certainly higher right now. And so we've had to go out and add more capacity, which we're going to do -- which we signed off on a year ago and which we come to market a year, but that takes a long time to get to. So fruit snacks would be a great example of one of those places. And desserts right now would be another example where the desserts category has been really strong for us. And so we have capacity constraints. When it comes to ingredients, it's a little bit here and a little bit there. It's not one particular ingredient all around the world. It's really a combination of small things, as I think Jon Nudi aptly described it as whack-a-mole. I mean there's a little -- there's ingredient shortage here and a little bit there. There's labor shortage here, and a truck that's not out there. And so it is not a geography or a category where we see it. It's a little bit of everything. And from what we understand, I think probably most of our competitors and most of our retail customers are experiencing something very similar. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. I was -- first of all, I would say it's off to a strong start. I mean -- and the -- what I'm really pleased with is the way that the Tyson team we inherited and the Blue Buffalo team are really working together already, even if we haven't plugged it into our system. And as I indicated earlier, there is certainly a talented team that we brought over from Tyson, we feel good about them. But we haven't plugged them into our whole system yet or either our distribution system or how that -- or our omnichannel system. And so that's going to take a little bit of time. I mean I don't have an exact date for that. The key for us is that we maintain our execution of that business because it's executing quite well on its own while we bring it in piece by piece to some of the Blue Buffalo businesses, and some things we'll integrate, and some things we won't. And -- but what I can tell you right now is that the teams are working very well together, and it's -- we're only a couple of months in, but we like the start we're off to. And I think once we are able to plug in some of our capabilities to this Tyson business, whether it's Strategic Revenue Management, which we really haven't quite done yet, or Holistic Margin Management, which we haven't done yet, or plug it into the sales team and add to their capabilities, we think that there's quite a bit of room for growth. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. The -- Nik, your observation that it's a volatile environment across all the things you indicated, I think that's exactly right. What I would say is that I think in environments that are difficult, General Mills has tended to perform it's best, and you saw that during the beginning of the pandemic. I think you see it with our first quarter release, and I'm certainly hopeful that you'll see it in the subsequent quarters. And people talk about strategy all the time, but execution is pretty important. And we're executing really, really well. And it's because we're addressing all the things that you just talked about. Now the question is how to address it. Capital may be one area. In some places, automation be -- maybe an area in some cases. But I would also tell you that the coordination amongst your supply chain and your marketing functions and your sales functions, that's as important as adding capital expenditures or automation or things like that. And so I do believe that the challenges that we see right now are -- I think they are the new normal for the foreseeable future. And with the supply chain we have and with the restructuring that we just did, which kind of addresses the holistic business here in North America, I think our chances of executing well will remain high. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. Rob, I guess, I mean, what I would say is that we're looking to close the [ Yoplait ] transaction at the end of this year, and we just closed an acquisition with Tyson. So we feel good about those things. I would view our portfolio shaping as kind of an always-on capability. I mean, similar, we viewed strategic revenue management -- it used to be episodic until we made it always on. And the same will be true with our portfolio shaping. I'm really proud of what we've done in our base business, not only this quarter, but the last few years. But it's also clear to me that we need to do that and continue to reshape our portfolio. And some of that will be through acquisitions, and I think this Tyson acquisition is a great example of that. And to the extent that we think that investments are better spent in priority categories versus those that aren't prioritized, we'll look at additional divestment opportunities as well. And so we'll continue to compete effectively in the categories we're in, and we'll continue to look for M&A opportunities. I think one of the things I've been most pleased about over the last couple of years is that we've been able to do both effectively. And whether it's the start of Tyson or the way we've done with Blue Buffalo, we're keeping our eye on the ball as we've divested Yoplait. We've done all of that. And so there are some companies that can say that, but I feel good about that combination for us, and we'll continue to look at that into the future. 
Jonathon Nudi: Yes. I think that's exactly right. And obviously, retailers are seeing increased cost and inflation as well. And one of the things we're really proud of is the Strategic Revenue Management capability that we've built over the last 5 years or so. And it's differential in terms of the information we have, the data, the talent and the stories that we can put together. When you come to retailers with a rationale that makes sense, in fact, they tend to listen. And we're really leveraging the entire restaurant tool kit as well. So obviously, we've taken some list price increases, but we continue to look at promotional optimization and mix and PPA and leveraging all of those different tools. So far, so good. We like the way that conversations have gone. We've gotten the majority of our pricing accepted and more importantly, reflected in the market. So that's a trick as well. So we're really working well with retailers, and we'll continue to take the inflation and deal with it as we move throughout the year. 
Jonathon Nudi: Yes, absolutely. So David, what I would say is that our service levels are certainly better than they were at the beginning of the pandemic, but still quite a bit off of where we'd like them to be, which is in the high 90s. And really, we're seeing a widespread impact, everything from raw material vendors, challenges there, internal manufacturing, co-packer manufacturing and our distribution network. And it's almost whack-a-mole right now. So we have literally hundreds of disruptions in our supply chains, and it really changes on a daily and weekly basis. So we've gone back to some of the practices that served us well at the beginning of the pandemic. We've stood up the control towers at the working level on a daily basis, on a weekly basis at, I mean, more senior level to really dig in and work with our teams to solve these issues. And we do expect these issues to persist throughout the year. What I like is the way that we're performing, and I think we're outperforming versus many of our competitors in this space. So we are probably somewhere in the 80s in terms of total service levels. And what I would tell you is that it varies widely across categories. And the majority of our categories were actually in the 90s and then performing well. We have a few that -- we have capacity issues. We have a few ingredient issues that are really dragging us down. So we continue to work closely with retailers. In fact, the bulk of our discussions right now with retailers are really around service and making sure that we can ship the product that our consumers are ultimately looking for. So I like the way that we're performing. At the same time, we think it's going to be a challenge as we continue to move throughout the rest of the year. 
Jonathon Nudi: Yes. I mean I think that's well said. The only thing I would add is I think prior to the pandemic, there was a narrative that big brands were challenged. And I would say, first of all, consumers like our brands, and we continue to build them and innovate and build our brands, and that's worked for us. The other thing I would say is for retailers, there's power in having scale. So they can -- a retailer can make a call to us, and we operate across 25 different categories in the U.S. And that's helpful on the supply chain side. We can work in all those categories and really drive scale and make sure that we're operating well to service their shelves. And at the same time, we can focus on capabilities, whether that be connected commerce and digital marketing or e-commerce. So I think retailers are recognizing or have recognized that having powerful partnerships with some big manufacturers is beneficial to them, really streamlines their work. It's good for us, and it's good for them as well. 
Jonathon Nudi: No. I think you hit it. I mean obviously, it's dynamic. And when you compete in as many categories as we do, there's a lot of moving parts. And one of the things that Jeff has really stressed since he's been CEO is that we want to compete effectively in all the categories we compete in. So that's what we're really focused on. And obviously, as Jeff said, snacking has really rebounded, and we're seeing good growth there. And there's big important categories like cereal where, again, over a 2-year basis, we are growing, which is great. And we think there's some dynamics with kids getting back to school and focus on convenience, we'll see that category continue to accelerate, which we sell in August. So we like how we're competing broadly in the U.S. We've grown share in greater than 50% of our business in Q1, and we've done it for 4 years in a row. So again, this wasn't just a pandemic-driven performance. We like the way that we're competing, and we'll continue to focus on that as we move forward. 
Kofi Bruce: Sure, Ken. Thanks for the question. Well, obviously, as you think about the -- in particular, the first half, second half perspective on the year with Q1 coming in stronger than we expect on both the top and the bottom line, we would expect a little bit more balanced year in terms of the flow of margins and that we're seeing more of the cost, obviously, and the cost increase coming in, in the back half, offset by a little bit stronger performance in the first half. And we do still expect our pricing realization to come in sort of full force in Q2 and against the inflation expectations. So just to give you a little bit more color. We don't want to get any deeper on a quarter-by-quarter basis. 
Kofi Bruce: Chris, thanks for the question. So as we think about structurally, where we are in the year, we're confident that we have strong support behind our priority brands. And we would expect to retain that even as we do see additional cost pressure come in. On the basis of everything we know, we still believe that we have strong ideas, and we're going to continue to support those. I think as we roll forward here, we will also continue to support our capabilities, investments around data and analytics. So at the core of our expectations and our guidance, we've preserved our expectations for the year. 
Kofi Bruce: Yes. So I think I'll start with just the recognition that the environment remains dynamic on the cost side. So we are seeing cost changes moving through the system rapidly. We are -- at this point, our -- we do have a best call on the cost picture for the year, moving up from 7% to 8%. And we've got plans to address what we can see. And the best thing I can tell you is that we are prepared to act should it change further, which is a very distinct possibility in this environment given how much we've seen it move here in the first 3 months of the year. 
Kofi Bruce: Yes. So I'll give you the perspective that it is going to impact the second half of the year a little bit more heavily than the first half as you can expect, given the combination of our hedge positions and where we would expect to see this exposure more heavily hit us. So that is part of why we would give you the perspective that we see a little bit more balance in the profit picture between the first half and the second half. 
Kofi Bruce: Okay. Sure. So our HMM ran roughly in line with our sort of full year forecast. And then I think as you look at cost inflation, it was a touch lower, still elevated. So not -- I don't want to get too precise. But I think it's a touch lower than we expected it to be for the remaining 3 quarters [ than it was. ] And the original inflation call is relatively balanced. 
Kofi Bruce: Sure. Sure. So just -- I'll start by just a gentle correction of our hedge levels. We're at about 66%, so roughly 2/3 covered on the year at our present demand and volume expectations. So I think to your question about what we cover, I think, generally, in the ingredients on commodity side, we'll be able to hedge where there are markets. Some of those ingredients cover the long-term contracts, which gets you effectively the same thing. As we look at the logistics side, obviously, we do have long-haul and short-haul trucking contracts in our network. Obviously, with the labor pressures, there is upward price pressure on that entire complex just as a result of the shortage of drivers to get to drive trucks and, frankly, I think, even labor to unload trucks and shipping containers on the other side. So that -- we are covered partially through the contracts that we have. The key is making sure that we continue to execute most of our routes on contract, and we are seeing a little bit of pressure as a result of having to do more sort of off-contract and off-network as a result of the labor shortage and the environment. 
Kofi Bruce: No. Generally, no. And that is part of what -- I think one of the things that Jon has spoken to very clearly, this is -- the entire network, incoming and out, is under similar pressure. So that's a place where we do see some incremental operating costs in this environment. 
