Donal Mulligan: I guess I'll just finish the point that Jeff started about on pricing. If you look at our results year-to-date, we are seeing better competitives in the store but it's also being supported by pricing. Our Q3 organic positive price mix is higher than in the first half and for three of our segments it was up low single digits, and in our where it was flat as Jeff showed it was both our base and our merchandise prices were up; so the flat was more of a product of the mix of those. So we do believe it's environment's issue with the inflation where you can get price in Jet Blue [ph] to many of the instruments that we will use. The other aspect to your question David was with visibility to our cost and again Jeff touched it upfront but I think it's worth going into again. Historically and this year, we've done deep estimates at our costs at regular intervals during the course of the year and that cadence has typically served us well in managing our costs and our margins. Frankly, if you look back over the years there has -- we seldom had a profit miss in year such as this one where our sales are tracking at/or better than planned. But clearly in hindsight, this year was a very dynamic cost environment, the combination of our higher volumes, some constrained platforms increasing inflationary environment, we should've gone deeper more frequently; it might not have reduced the cost but it would have gotten us out ahead of it faster. As I look at it, we need to be just as agile in how we manage our cost structure as we've been this year in meeting consumer demands. And that's what we're focused on doing, the actions that we're taking now are to make sure that we get -- we address the cost structure in the marketplace but we're moving just as urgently to look at our estimating and forecasting process to make sure this doesn't happen again.
Donal Mulligan: Yes, they did David. We had a headwind in the first half, we'll have a tailwind in the second half; it will actually -- that -- part of the reason that we're confident -- more confident in profit growth in the fourth quarter. In the third quarter, because we had very strong merchandising take at our seasonal businesses and in some of our other lines here in the U.S. because we had very strong offerings in the store; again, not lower price but better offtake from a consumer standpoint. And as I referenced, we are also moving more of our consumer funds to in-store activity which -- much of that is recorded as deduction to sales as opposed to in the advertising or the admin or SG&A line and the combination of those things offset the benefit from the tax accrual reversal -- the trade accrual reversal in the quarter.
Donal Mulligan: I'll hit Cagney one first. Obviously, when we gave our guidance in -- at Cagney, that was based on the best information we had at that time. I mention the fact that we do periodic costs deep dive, we did one in February, at the end of February, and we did it as we closed the books on the quarter in early March, and that is when these cost really came to the fore more clearly, and that's what's prompting the guidance change today. So as I referenced in the answer to David; we've done these at regular intervals, clearly in today's environment we have to do them more regularly and be more agile in terms of identifying the cost trends and make sure they are surface and acted upon, and we will do that. In terms of pricing, we are going to use a number of leverage in some markets and some businesses; it's going to be list price increases. We talked at Cagney about our Convenience & Foodservice business, we're seeing the same in our European business, particularly in response to Brexit that can just have a ripple effect in the U.K. and certainly in some of our emerging market businesses. So that is part of the toolkit but again, the toolkit for our SRM is broader than that and we're going to use all the levers as we attack what is clearly a higher inflationary environment.
Donal Mulligan: Andrew, obviously I couldn't say FY19 guidance today, what I will say is that the actions that Jeff walked us through as part of the prepared remarks will have some benefit in FY18 and have more full benefit in FY19 and beyond frankly. And that will come into play as we think about '19. He did mention that the tax reform, that will give us some potential flexibility to reinvest back in the business and we still have -- we have the three planks that we are working to ensure that we drive a more competitive top line that compete, accelerate and reshape. I think you see in this year how we're competing better, we've begun to put some money behind our accelerator platforms, we see a little bit of benefit there this year and we'll see more of that benefit as we move into '19.
Donal Mulligan: Our focus right now obviously is closing and transitioning blew into the family but we will quickly pivot following that to look at divestitures. Obviously, the timing of any divestiture would have to have a willing buyer to go with a willing seller, and we have to make sure the economics work to your point about tax rate. So we will work at that diligently and I believe just as we've been successful on the acquisition side with identifying and bringing Blue in, we will do the same on the divestiture side.
Donal Mulligan: Sure, there is a few components to it Michel; it starts with another quarter of solid organic sales growth. As we look forward we expect mix to strengthen in each of the segments; cereal and snacks will be the driver in our and it also actually benefit from a little less from our meals and baking, our seasonal businesses. The focused six businesses in C&F will accelerate in the fourth quarter. Old El Paso, Häagen-Dazs buying the initiatives that Jeff talked about at EU, AU and Häagen-Dazs and snacks in Asia-LATAM. So we have good programs behind each of those areas that will continue to drive our top line growth. We'll add some net price realization, pricing in Brazil -- I mentioned C&F in the U.K. and then the various SRM initiatives we're executing in the U.S. and elsewhere. And again, we'll have to trade accrual reversal that will benefit the top line and our profit in Q4. So that's really the main driver and when you translate that into profit you're going to have the benefit of that mix, the benefit of the trade realization; as well actually we also get the benefit of some volume leverage in Brazil as we improve our volume performance in that important market behind a couple of strong promotions, one around the World Cup. We'll get increased benefit from our global sourcing initiative that will increase our HMM in the quarter. And then, again, the other items that Jeff talked about particularly around our freight spending will begin to have some impacts, some favorable impact in the fourth quarter and the combination of those things in relatively equal measure, a little bit more from price mix but relatively equal measure across will benefit Q4 and help drive a profit growth figure for the quarter.
Donal Mulligan: Yes, that will be less of a headwind for the year. That is true and that will benefit the fourth quarter.
Donal Mulligan: It doesn't come into play into what we think about divesting but when -- as we're thinking about our supply network, we need to think about what we're divesting as we think about retooling that. And so it's a really good question, and it doesn't think -- it doesn't impact what we would intend to divest but it would have an impact on how we think our logistics network ought to be set up going forward; and so we think about those two things going together.
Donal Mulligan: A couple of things; you referenced 2008 and [indiscernible] was sitting in the cereal chair in 2008 which is when we did right size, right price; which is kind of a fancy term for price pack architecture. So when you think about strategic revenue management that was kind of the mother of all strategic revenue management initiatives, and so when I talked about price pack architecture and trade optimization and those kind of things; 2008 was a year that we certainly did that in the cereal business and saw great results from that; so a lot of positive lessons to be learned from that. I would tell you what's different about now is that the inflation as you mentioned; 4% is certainly a point higher and significant inflation above 3% but it's not something that can't be managed, we just had to make sure we see it coming, and now that we know that it's coming now we feel like we can manage it effectively because as the input costs rather 4% or 5% is not unprecedented, it's just higher than we had expected and we hadn't taken the actions to offset it. Now that we see it, we have a pretty good degree of confident that with combining our -- but we can save on logistics costs in a way that we can reframe our logistics network combined with a little bit of net price realization, we can actually combat this because as you've said, we've done it before, we just didn't had the line of sight to it until room until recently that we needed to have to combat it.
Donal Mulligan: We've always used co-packs specifically for a lot of our new product volume because there's a lot of times ready capacity and capability, and obviously there's a bit risk mitigation from our standpoint as well. And then what we've seen is that as the new products become stable in the marketplace, then we bring them internally and we see savings, and that's the way we put capital against and we'll take the same approach here. It doesn't necessarily mean that CapEx will be higher than normal, we just maybe skewing more towards bringing this new product volume in-house.
Donal Mulligan: It tends to hit both regions. In the EU/AU the year-to-date margins are being impacted primarily by raw material inflation, especially dairy and vanilla which have spiked significantly this year. And we have some currency driven inflation on products imported in the UK, so some transaction effects. And both of those are particularly pointed in our UK; in our EU/AU business this year. As we look at Q4, we expect to see some improvement, we're going to get some price mix improvement, I mentioned that Old El Paso and Häagen-Dazs will lead the growth and those are both higher margin lines. We do see moderating input cost in EU/AU, a little bit different than here in the U.S. as they lap some of the initial spikes in the dairy and vanilla costs from a year ago. We're going to see increased cost savings, I mean one of the manufacturing consolidation projects that we've had underway was in EU/AU and we're still in the first year seeing those saving, so those will increase. It will be partially offset with some higher media and advertising expense to support that top line but we expect to see improvement in the fourth quarter. And as I mentioned that actually, frankly, a lot of the same factors in terms of transaction FX -- maybe more unique factor [ph] because Brazil is lower volumes as well. And so as we look at Q4, we're going to see improvement because we're going to get better price mix, we'll need better volume performance in Brazil as we come out of any ERP installation and the COGS headwinds will lessen a bit. So that's in the quarter but I think your question's a broader one as well; and I think it is a good one. As we look at those two segments; we're very pleased over the long run with our top line, we've been very competitive and actually market leading in both of those areas over the longer term at our topline growth, and we have been investing in those businesses to maintain that growth or drive that growth. And I think we have the opportunities we go forward to better balance the top line growth in the margin performance, and so as we build our FY19 plan and beyond, that's soon to be something that we have in mind in both of those regions.
Donal Mulligan: On the leverage, it may go up a tick because of the lower profit. I think we've got at 4.2%, 4.3% it moves, it'll be by 0.1%.
Donal Mulligan: We obviously look at all of our new products in terms of their incrementality both from the top and the bottom line. We as a great example where we're generating more out of per cup basis on our base product even though the margin percentage themselves are not materially different but you have a higher price point. So what we're seeing this year is our new product volume is performing very well, as Jeff showed almost 50% better than a year ago. And because we do those externally and because we're seeing also the need to from a co-packer standpoint and within our logistics network, more miles as we reposition product to meet consumer demands, we're having additional cost accrued to those businesses. It's not naturally because of the new product economics, i.e. as we bring those in-house, as we structurally change our logistics network, the margins on those products are going to be very competitive with our current business but it's a matter of getting the structure right and as Jeff alluded to, that's one of the projects that we have underway to enhance our entire cost structure and that will accrue to the benefit of many of these new products that are driving the higher volume.
Jeffrey Harmening: And when it comes to divestitures, I would also add to that is that -- I mean, we don't have to do all of the divestitures at the same time, I mean we can do those at different times. And the second is that we're only going to do that -- we're only going to do them when they make sense for shareholders and so when they are accretive to shareholder value. So we'll act with a sense of urgency but we will also act with a sense of our shareholders in mind to make sure that as we go to divest some businesses and that we're doing so at the night of that.
Jeffrey Harmening: I will put a final point on that, I think it's a good question actually but you know, I want to reiterate; one of our top line performers, particularly North America retail and C&F in Europe Australia and even Asia, I couldn't be more pleased with the way that we have been able to pivot and grow our top line and the economics behind that and there have been a lot of questions about that and the environment and did we buy a volume; I just want to unquivaocably say, I love the way they were executing, our sales and our marketing teams are executing well together, our marketing campaigns are better, our new products are together; so I'm displeased with our profit performance in the third quarter and the fact that we didn't see some of this coming as much as we should have but I am really pleased with what the organization has done about returning to growth. You asked about the cost, I would say that I think from a logistics standpoint, I mean I think it is more structural. We have a tight [ph] labor supply, we have new regulations that started in December which will fully become operational in April, and we are hitting a moving target but I think our logistics costs are structural, I don't think that they are going to go down. And what we're seeing on the commodity side is certainly going up and that abs and flows overtime; I'm not sure that is structural as much as in this point in time but I think the logistics costs are which is one of the reasons why we need to have some net price realization, why we feel like we can because everyone is feeling it in the industry, our competitors are feeling it, we're feeling it, our customers are feeling it; and so as we look for net price realization, I think that part is structural.
Jeffrey Harmening: No, I'm glad you asked about that. First of all, I think about -- Blue Buffalo, I think of a transition rather than integration. I mean it's going to be -- Blue Buffalo is going to be a separate operating segment, and so they'll be some integration and the synergies we have accounted for actually quite low relative to other deals that we have done and so it will operate relatively independently and we'll help them on the sales side where we can, we will help them on the supply chain cost but I can tell you even over the last month since we've announced the deal and gotten their leadership team, they've got a very strong leadership team. And I think their strong leadership team not only has a vision but the rest of the team combined with our capabilities; I will tell you that even in the month since we announced the acquisition we feel more confident than we have even before about our ability to execute against Blue Buffalo well.
Jeffrey Harmening: Unfortunately, I think we're past time, I know there's still a lot of questions out there; so please don't hesitate to give me a call later today. Thanks for everyone for joining us this morning and have a good rest of your day.
