Ken Powell: With selected categories and that will unfold as it unfolds. I think really I would just repeat what Jeff said which is we monitor this obviously. We want to be in the competitive zone from a merchandising standpoint and we feel that there are some categories where we’re not fully there right now. On a very selected and a very precise basis we’re going to add some merchandising. I would say the total impact for the year, if you wanted to look at our merchandising cost per case, we’re talking about a few cents of increase. This is very careful and very selected.
Ken Powell: Our view, as you know, on innovation in this environment has been that it’s been a great time to innovate. Our pace of new product innovation has not declined at all during the last couple years. Really, we’ve had some terrific successes really going back over the last three years and this year’s been no different.  Yoplait Delight which we launched this past summer, we thought it was a great idea and its well ahead of expectations. Wanchai Ferry frozen meal kits has been a very strong success for us. We’ve got new cereals coming here in January; Wheaties Fuel and Chocolate Cheerios which we think is going to be a very strong entry. We like the looks of the Greek Yogurt segment which is still emerging but becoming strong on either coast. We think we’ve got a great tasting entry in Yoplait Greek. The direction that we’ve given to our US and our International teams on innovation is full steam ahead. We think that that’s really been a great time to have that orientation.
Ken Powell: The thing that I would add to that is I would say 90% of the conversation that we have with our retail partners is about growth. They really want to talk to us about their particular center store categories, that’s where we focus. They want to talk about what we can do together to drive growth, what kind of innovation we can bring to excite consumers and bring them into those categories. I would say that that is the vast, vast majority of the conversation with our retailers.
Ken Powell: November for us was for us, our shares have actually over the last 12, 6, and 3, however you want to look at it, and our shares have been very constant sort of modestly up over the course of the year running around 25. November was a very challenging comparison for us for a variety of reasons having to do with the promotional concentration and planning that we had last year versus this year.  While our share was very much in line with what we’ve seen over the past many months, in November it was down from a peak a year ago. Frankly we expected that and planned for it. Our merchandising plan is very balanced over all four quarters this year and we knew November would be tough for us. As we go into the second half we have continued very good levels of support and good merchandising activities. We expect to see good share development and continued good top line through the end of the year.
Ken Powell: If you go back many years through heavy proliferation of flavors and line extensions in a lot of these categories that we are in, General Mills is usually the leader in those categories. We tended to be, I think you would find this very typically across many categories, we tended to the be the guy that was squeezed on shelf space so we were often a little bit under shared versus how we actually turned, because they were trying to squeeze in some marginal items.  What we’ve said, really very consistently, as we’ve had this conversation with retailers and as you’ve asked us about over the last year. We really thought that this effort by retailers to prune their categories and get it down to the high turning items would benefit us and that in fact is what you’re seeing. Really I think the last several times we’ve reported to you we’ve been able to tell you that our distribution is actually up. I think that that’s true for the latest quarter yet again. This is an environment we think where with leading brands that turn well, we will gain distribution and that is exactly what is happening.
Ken Powell: What we see has happened over the last couple of years was a period of very high inflation a year ago, really the highest in many, many years, followed by a fall off, a return to normal prices this year which is meant really zero inflation so you’ve had that up and that snap back down. Of course this year that’s meant margin recovery and significant margin expansion which in some categories has led to somewhat more intense promotional environment. As we look going forward we think we’re going to move a little closer to normal. We’re planning on business model in line with business model growth or we have low single digit volume growth which we would typically see year in and year out with potentially some pricing. We expect to see a return to some inflation in our input markets. We’re already seeing that in some areas, we’re seeing dairy prices for example are starting to ease up some. Coincidentally as we see that we’re seeing the promotional intensity in the Yogurt category ease off. That’s really the scenario that we see, low single digit levels of volume growth with a little bit of pricing, a return to some inflation which we think we’re well positioned to offset with our HMM initiatives. That’s the kind of environment that we can manage very, very well through.
Ken Powell: As Jeff said and really showed you in the slide in his presentation I would say that really across the board in those newer channels area we’re doing quite well. We have a good relationship with Wal-Mart and I would say that we’re seeing good solid broad based growth there across our categories. As Jeff said just a moment ago, we also like the opportunities that we see in the club channel, dollar stores have really emerged as a great opportunity for us.  I would say that our growth really is nicely distributed and broad based and Wal-Mart continues to be a great partner for us. And our traditional stores had growth in that first half too of almost 1% so low single digits. Very nice across the board, very balanced I would say.
Ken Powell: I would echo your initial comment which is we think the category is quite stable and as you said the rational right now and driven by innovation and good growth in the category. That number three competitor that you referenced had some really nice consumer brands, they’re really outstanding franchises and we would guess that as they just digest and integrate those brands they will figure out how to build those brands.
Jeff Rotsch: I think there are some key categories we want to make sure that we are competitive in but nothing really out of the ordinary. Really reacting to day to day pressures in the categories.
Jeff Rotsch: If you analyze and get in a little deeper in what’s going on in a lot of those retailers, perimeter pricing kind of follows commodities. When I talk perimeter I’m talking dairy, mean, bakery, etc. produced so forth. That’s really where some deflation has hit them, I think taking their top line down. Center store, which is really where we compete it’s been fairly stable is what I would say and have very good source as you saw in my presentation of their profit.  They are continuing to look to us to bolster that whole area and make sure that we continue to bring innovation to them and really drive that center store profit really which has been carrying them. The perimeter has been a very competitive tough area and as I said that deflation has really hit them there and actually hurt their top line a little bit.
Jeff Rotsch: Completely is probably an overstatement. I would say leans that way extremely heavily though, very heavily.
Jeff Rotsch: Our mantra we take to these customers is leading profitability growth. How do we lead their profitable growth in these categories that are growing beyond their expectations? That’s really what we’re trying to do.
Jeff Rotsch: No, it has not been. We partner with them and bring them a lot of other capabilities which I touched on today, intellectual capabilities to really drive that top line and drive that bottom line for our customers. That’s really what we try to do.
Jeff Rotsch: Our categories in the month of November were actually up almost 1%. The issue was last year was our largest month in terms of comp on the consumer take away side. We’re up against a very tough month but our categories continue to do well and we did fine within that. We have a very balanced plan and I think what you’ll see is a good run out here for the next six months.
Jeff Rotsch: Part of that was really in my pitch where I went through food versus the health and beauty aids and non-food and so forth. There is pressure though literally in very category. There is sku rationalization going on by categories, the customer cuts across the store to make sure each of the skus is donating profit to the customer’s bottom line. I did show on that slide that our categories do contribute and that really is a very good study we did on a per square foot basis with an outside company.  If you look at health and beauty aids, paper packaged goods, etc. a lot of these that are bulky that take a lot of space on the shelf that don’t have the turns or the margin with those turns to contribute profit those are the ones that they’ve been skinnying back on. Our categories, thank goodness, and part of it is due to our good products we have on there but part of it is due to we’re fortunate that we are in categories that are still growing quite nicely and still contributing I’d say very good bottom line profits.  They have looked across our categories, sku rationalization has gone across cereal, a number of different categories and we’ve actually fared quite well. I showed you the distribution where we actually have gone up in number of items this year not down. We’ve been fortunate to continue to sell a good mix of products that drive a lot of profit for them.
Jeff Rotsch: Across all categories those brands that are numbers three, four, five, etc. they are the ones that are really scratching and scrimping and trying to stay on the shelf. It’s been a very difficult time for them.
Jeff Rotsch: That is a Nielsen metrics so that is measured channels. I would add that non-measured channels has been even stronger then that for us as our number of skus carried in those non-measured has gone up even faster so I did not talk about that. That has really been across a number of our key categories. Cereal is a beneficiary of that, grain snacks has been a beneficiary of that. We have some very strong distribution gains across a number of those categories. My sense is it will continue for us.  We have a number of new items we are introducing and the good news is our established brand items are turning quite nicely so they are not in jeopardy right now. I think we will be able to add to that year on year. We have a pretty good track record over the last five years of adding distribution year on year and my sense is that will continue.
Jeff Rotsch: I would echo Ken’s comments on rational, its been very rational and the metrics are very quite nice over the first six months with baselines up, incremental up in that category and also dollar sales up in the category. It looks very rational, it looks like nice growth pattern for us and we feel very comfortable that it’s going to continue.
Don Mulligan: We are very pleased obviously with our gross margin performance, as you said we recovered back to where we were several years back. As we look forward, as Ken alluded to, whether you look at our F11 expectations or longer term we see a return of inflation, we believe that our HMM initiatives will be substantive enough to offset that inflation. As we think about margin improvement it’s going to come from a couple of different areas. One is mix management which has been a key contributor to us for the last several years and that mix within the divisions within the segments and certainly across the segments. The second is that we continue to gain scale within our International business and we’ve highlighted before if you look at the main growth drivers internationally our key platforms of cereal, healthy snacking, soup, premium ice cream, and the convenient meals, those all have operating margins above our company average and will certainly help average up our results as they grow. The last thing in our Bakeries & Foodservice division the restructuring that we have had underway for the last several years, which we are clearly seeing the benefits of in this year’s results, will continue to hold. We don’t believe that the performance this year at our Bakeries & Foodservice is a one year phenomenon; we think we’re reaching a base level for that business to grow from. As Ken alluded to as the economy improves and we get better trends in the industry we think we’ll benefit from that as well. Those are probably the key aspects that I would mention that gives me confidence that our gross margins will continue to hold and expand slightly and give us opportunity to continue reinvest back in the business both in terms of our brand support, our sales capabilities, and our international infrastructure.
Don Mulligan: We had a significant drop in our cost of sales this quarter. About 70% of that, a little over 70% was due to the change in mark to market where we had a credit this year and charge last year. Of the other 30% about two thirds of that was rate and mix which is really driven by the strong plant performance, the strong HMM initiatives we see and some favorable mix that I referenced earlier. The balance is the reduction in COGS is from the divested businesses that we exited last year. That’s the break out but the biggest single component was the change in the mark to market.
Don Mulligan: As we said at the beginning of the year we expected a $0.15 EPS negative impact from foreign exchange both transaction and translation. As Ken referenced today a significant portion of that transaction was hedged so we continue to see that coming through. We expect to be a few pennies better than that. We still expect a negative drag about $0.12 to $0.13 for the full year which is consistent with what we saw at the end of the first quarter.
Don Mulligan: There are a couple things, one is that last year we did have a fairly significant reduction in our debt in the second half that we’re rolling over now as we get into the reduction in our total debt balance we’ll probably be less in the second half then it was in the first. The other thing is given the long term rates we are looking at potentially terming out some of our commercial paper which would have an impact on our interest expense this year.
Don Mulligan: Not necessarily. Actually I would expect over the next few years we’ll get back to the ratios of a third of our debt being commercial paper. Again, when you look at today’s interest rates where you can get 10 year paper for less than 5% and 30 year for less than 6% its kind of hard to turn your back on that so its really more taking advantage of today’s interest rate environment.
