Jeff Harmening: Thank you, Don. And, good morning, everyone. I appreciate the opportunity to give you an update on our U.S. retail performance. On Slide 20, I’ve summarized three main messages, I want to leave you with today. First, we delivered strong profit growth and marginal results so far this year. Second, we’re continuing to experience headwinds in our Yogurt business, and in Display Merchandising, that are dampening our sales results. And we’re actively working to address these headwinds. And third, we’re encouraged by the progress we’re making with our Consumer First Efforts in a number of key businesses. Now let me go a bit deeper on each of these areas. Through nine months, U.S. retail and net sales of $7.8 billion are down 2%, including one point of decline from acquisitions and divestitures. Year-to-date segment operating profit of $1.7 billion is up double-digits versus the prior year. This significant profit performance reflects our continued focus on cost savings. We’re generating strong cost of good HMM savings, in addition to the benefits from incremental cost savings projects including Project Century. This gives us even greater confidence that our Century initiative will help unlock future HMM opportunities.
Jeff Harmening: And I’ll just comment on the other two segments because we expect all three segments, David, to improve and accelerate in Q4 versus year-to-date or versus Q3 in particular. As Jeff alluded to higher advertising we’re going to see it in USRO, we’re also to going to see it in international. International, also which Ken alluded to, has a number of new products both innovation and renovation in the marketplace and that will continue to build in the quarter. In addition there’s some other things that we are lapping similar to the merchandise in USRO. We had business exiting in our C&F business in Q4 last year that will lap the index pricing we talked about in basically flour in C&F that is profit neutral because we price with the market. But the grain price has really started coming down last year in Q4 so we will begin lapping that it will be less bad in Q4 which will help our comparable sales growth. And then we’ll have continued growth acceleration in our emerging markets, including some pricing in Latin America. So there’s a number of factors that go into improved performance in Q4. 
Jeff Harmening: Yes, thanks for the question, Matthew. Let me start by kind of saying that this fiscal year we’ve actually seen price appreciation. As we’ve seen in our categories and we’ve also seen the effectiveness of our merchandising improve as we cut back lower ROI trade activities and focus on high ROI activities. As I think I’ve mentioned, we view how we look at trade as we do HMM and other areas and we’re always looking to get more effective than we are right now and we’ve seen good gains in HMM on our trade which is why we see the less improving in the ROIs improving in our area of trade. But that will continue to focus on that area because one of the things we find with HMM is that the more we look the more we find and I am certain with as big and complex as the trade bucket is that we will continue to find opportunities to further improve our effectiveness and our efficiency in the area of trade.
Jeff Harmening: I would just maybe to gild the lily a little bit here Matthew, if you go back five or six years in this business, we’ve nearly doubled the margins I mean it’s been more than the last couple of years it’s been continuous improvement over a long period of time as we’ve completely restructured that business so that it’s, as Don said, I’m very, very focused on the best channels in our most profitable categories.
Jeff Harmening: Well, look we’re always looking to balance growth and return as we talked about at Cagny. And our yogurt returns have been pretty good as we have been very disciplined. And what we need to do is make sure we balance that out with some growth as well and that’s what Ken mentioned in the second quarter when he said our merchandising activity will improve in the second half and we’ll see that in the fourth quarter. And so as we look into the fourth quarter, we will improve our merchandising competitiveness because we need to improve our growth. At the same time, we’re also mindful of maintaining our returns and so we will balance that out a little bit in the fourth quarter. But we’ve got a good line of sight now to win our merchandising is going to occur and what merchandising is going to occur and have high level of confidence that will improve in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Harmening: No, I think that’s a fair way to look at it. I think that is a very fair way to look at it and we’ll still see good margins because of the dairy pricing but maybe not as high as they are right now. And we expect our growth to improve.
Jeff Harmening: So we think about it. Ken, in the following terms. We think that a sustainable business model needs to have both margin expansion and top-line growth. So we are very, as we said many, many times we are very focused on both clearly, we acknowledged that the bar is higher now than it used to be on expectations for margin. And we’re addressing them very diligently through HMM, which we’ve had going for many years and the many other restructuring initiatives and other cost savings activities that you’ve seen us initiate over the last several years. So we are very highly focused on the margin piece and you’re seeing that this year with good gains and we expect that to continue once we go forward. But the additional part for us is that you got to have top-line growth. And so we’re very focused on innovation and being responsive to the consumer by keeping our core brands relevant advertising that works. And to drive growth and where we’re getting that formula right, we’re seeing good growth in our core category. So for us it’s finding that balance both we think that’s the key to sustainability in this environment. And in particular the focus on innovation and consumer first we think is critically important in an environment where consumer attitudes and values about food as you guys all know are changing very, very rapidly. So that’s really how we approach it.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Michael, look the biggest offset by far is one that I mentioned earlier which is our cereal merchandising at one of our biggest customers and we’ve got a good line of sight to seeing that improve in the fourth quarter. So by far that is our biggest headwind in cereal because we feel great about the renovation initiatives that we have and the innovation we’ve just launched in the third quarter so we’re confident we will see that business continue to improve as it did in the third quarter, continue to improve in the fourth quarter as we lap that merchandising.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Jason, as we look at our third quarter baseline results, remember there are two things that we talked about one was the merchandising, one of our key customers, the other is yogurt. And our base sales trends on yogurt are really driving the negativity for our baseline sales for the U.S. RO categories in the third quarter. And that is largely due to the competitive activity we talked about it earlier. So we’ve seen double-digit baseline declines on our yogurt business, which is due to competitive activity, which has served to bring down the – if you look across the baseline performance of the portfolio.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. The observation that there are a lot of players in yogurt is extremely correct. And it is also true that we’ve grown distribution over this time as well. But if we think more broadly about the kind of capabilities, a big company in the scale that General Mills can bring. I don’t think you have to look further than Annie’s. We have driven double-digit distribution increases on Annie’s over the last two years in the grocery trade. But even beyond that, looking at the club channel, we have grown distribution in our foodservice area. We are growing Annie’s in our foodservice channels. And so broadly speaking we see the kind of capability that General Mills can add to some of these smaller players and when they hit the wall, how much better we can do. And you were starting to see the same thing with EPIC even though we just bought that business. And we have a high degree of confidence that we will be able to do a lot more faster than the founders alone could have done with their limited resources.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Look, we’re really pleased with what we’ve seen with developing the distribution of our top 450 SKUs. We’re right on track where we thought we would be. We’re up over 5% and distribution of top 450 SKUs and really pleased with that performance. And it’s pretty broad performance over a number of categories. And we’ve even seen the benefits of things that we’ve discontinued. We discontinued a line on Hamburger Helper. And we’ve seen the distribution there decrease, but we’ve seen the increase on our top SKUs. And as a result, we are actually starting to see our turns increase on Hamburger Helper. We’ve also seen the benefits of distribution on our Pillsbury Doughboy. And one of the things that’s driving growth on our Pillsbury business is getting out of SKUs that were relatively unproductive and getting into more SKUs are relatively productive. And so we’re really pleased with the progress we’ve seen, we have more to do. We’ll keep that as a multi-year plan to get all of our distribution on our top items, but we’re progressing as we thought we would, and we see more room to go. The more we see that we can do, the more we like this initiative.
Don Mulligan: Thanks. Well I would say David for our U.S. business, what has to happen and what we’re expecting to happen in the Fourth Quarter is for our sales growth to accelerate. And we expect behind a couple of important businesses. One is Cereal and the second is Snacks. And we expect that because we are starting to lap the merchandising headwind we’ve seen as one of our biggest customers in the fourth quarter and because our advertising is going to be up significantly on both Grain and Cereal because we really believe in what we’re seeing, the results from our renovation efforts.  We also think even though Yogurt will continue to be a head wind in the fourth quarter, that that business will improve behind the merchandising we talked about in the second quarter. So for us to see improved U.S. sales results really it is a matter of cereal and snacking behind things we understand in the merchandising area and behind great advertising.
Don Mulligan: In this year similar, Jeff talk about his business increasing margins by over 100 basis points, we’ll see the same thing in our CNF business this year.
Don Mulligan: Yes, it’s a later, as we’ve – as the years unfolded in the fourth quarter, we’re still going to benefit obviously from strong HMM, but the merch timing that we talked about and particularly what we’re lapping a lower merch period last year was higher this year. The inflation which is actually the single biggest factor, because last year Q4 was our lowest inflation of the year, this year it’s our highest inflation of the year. Last year is really when – in the fourth quarter is when dairy and grains came down, and while they’re still down, there are decelerating more, so we’re lapping there. And we have continued inflation in our manufacturing logistics, sugar, nuts, fruit, eggs, and obviously I’d say more broadly just in the Latin American region, and again more broadly. So, it is – it’s very much an inflation story in the quarter. That just – the phasing of it is different this year than last year with a low point last year and a high point this year. I wouldn’t read anything into it as we look into F 2017, and we’ll share more full guidance with you for F 2017 in a couple of months. But as we’ve talked about at Cagny, we are projecting 200 basis points of margin expansion by 2020 and we expect the majority of that calls [ph] to come through cogs and come through gross margin.
Don Mulligan: Okay. So well, let me – I’ll answer the first one first, and I can’t really – I understand the observation Eric and the concern that you might hear. I can’t speak for the industry. I can only speak for us. And clearly we are very, very focused on product safety and product quality. It’s sort of central to our mission and that’s the kind of capability that we would maintain and actually build upon even in this environment, because we just think that consumer trust is sort of is job one for us. So but it goes to – your question goes to the earlier question as well about what are we trying to do, and we’re trying to do two things. We’re very, very focused on margin expansion, and we think we have a good line of sight, and we’ve performed well there over the last couple of years. We have a good line of sight on other things we can do to continue to – continue that good work. But we’re equally focused on maintaining the capabilities that we need in order to drive top line growth. And so we’re preserving. We’ve got a very strong marketing organization in CI. We’ve got excellent R&D. And so those are very important things and our product quality organization has been maintained at a very high level. So that’s how we look at it. I understand the question and I understand the concern, but that is the sort of – we would not compromise in that area. To your comments on yogurt, there is – I don’t have the numbers in front of me – from what’s come in and what’s has gone out over the last couple of years, Jeff may have those. And so there is a tremendous amount of new product activity in the yogurt area, lots of them don’t stick around for very long. So it is – there are a lot of them though and its become a more competitive category. But again, where we focus on the right innovation and the right – the right renovation, like expanding Annie’s into the yogurt dairy case, and other yogurt innovation initiatives that we will announce this summer, where we have good ones. We are able to succeed, because of the scale and the distribution power that we have. So we are confident that we can continue to grow there, it is an exciting space, it is a huge category globally, we have very high capability. And so we are just going to stay focused on the kind of innovation that will work in the category. I can come back to you, Eric, we can get some numbers maybe on how many have come in and how many have gone out. But your observation that there is a lot more in yogurt, I think is correct. I don’t know if you want to add anything Jeff.
Don Mulligan: Well, on the innovation front, we feel good about some of the innovation that we have launched. And we see some more good innovation on the way. So for example, our Greek Whips! which we launched a year ago are doing quite well. And we see an opportunity to expand those further. We have seen good initial results from our Annie’s organic Yogurt and we see an opportunity to expand Annie’s further and yogurt, as well as expanding into some other organic areas. So we feel good about the innovation we’ve done, but as we look ahead – actually we see even greater potential for innovation in some faster growing segments and whether that’s building on things like Whips or getting into even further into organic. There is certainly a runway ahead of us for innovation. And we know in a category like Yogurt just like in cereal, it is going to be the innovation and the marketing that drives long-term growth. Because dairy prices are 20-year low and we’ll see how long they stay there, but eventually they will go back up. And it will be a matter of innovation and marketing is going to win the day in Yogurt.
Don Mulligan: Yes, Chris this is Don. Yes, I think the mix that we talked in beginning of the year about reinvesting roughly half of our savings is still where we’re at. It is facing a little bit differently. As we said, I think advertising some of merchants a little more back loaded than we had originally anticipated, but for the full year it will be in that same range. And next year – obviously we haven’t completed our plans for next year, so I can’t give you an exact figure, but you would expect that we’re going to be continuing to reinvest some of those savings back and next year we also expect to have a little more leverage from higher top-line growth to add to the margin expansion.
Don Mulligan: Yes, sure. First off our International business, in total, we feel good about where the top-line has moved solid growth in developed markets really at that low-single digit level that will continue even if it’s tempered by some of the Yogurt pricing in Europe. Encouraging acceleration in emerging markets that Ken took you through, which is both innovation, our execution and some pricing. And as with other segments, we expect that to strengthen in the fourth quarter. In terms of the margins, there are a couple of things that are at play. One is obviously Green Giant does impact our profit in International. We sold the North American business, so Canada you’re seeing the impact of that. And that’s a low-to-mid single digit drag on the earnings for International. The other you see, we mentioned that the currency driven inflation on certain products I mean that’s a long way of saying we have some transaction FX impact for businesses that we source across border. So, for example, much of our Canadian product is sourced from the U.S., so as the Canadian dollar weakens that increases the cost in Canada and we have the same thing across some borders in Europe. And that has been a larger drag in the second half just due to currency movements and some hedge positions that we had. And that’s what you’re seeing in the quarter and it will continue into the fourth quarter as well. But if you strip out Green Giant in some of the transaction FX, the underlying growth, profit growth, we’re seeing at International is holding up quite well and that’s what we would expect to continue to see as we move into 2017.
Ken Powell: Happy to do that. As we look at it, what I would say in general Nielsen data was up more than it had been in the month of January and it was down more than we had seen in the month of February. And there is nothing fundamental that we see that has changed between January and February. Certainly it could be the effects of weather at the end of January and stock effects that happened this year, whereas last year we had a couple of big weather events in the northeast in particular in February. So there could be some weather related activity and we certainly see that. But there is nothing fundamental that we see and that would have changed the categories from January to February. And our focus remains clearly on the things that we can control, which are marketing and innovation activities. 
Ken Powell: We don’t have. Michael, we don’t have any one brand that’s dragging it down, so there’s not a smoking gun of one particular business. If you look at particular brands, there are a couple businesses in particular. One we’re lapping a lot of Cheerios protein from a year earlier which is of course is not gluten-free and the second is our adult brand Fiber One is not performing particularly well. And our Chex business is down a little bit but there is not one of those that you point to and say look that is, yes, it’s a biggest challenge we have is certainly the merchandising but within our brand portfolio those are ones that are not performing as well as they did a year ago.
Ken Powell: Okay. Denise, I think that’s all the time we have. So, I know some of you were queued up and we couldn’t get to your question. So, I’m available all day on the phone, so please give me ring. And thanks so much for your attention and questions this morning.
