Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Jennifer and good morning to everyone. On behalf of my colleagues at General Mills thanks for joining us. We are looking forward to have our live Q&A session on our third quarter results. I hope everyone had a chance to review our press release, listen to our prepared remarks and view our presentation materials, which are made available this morning on our Investor Relations site. Also refer to the press release we issued yesterday announcing our proposed sale of our European Yoplait operations to Sodiaal. I will just note that in regard to that transaction, we have a memorandum of understanding and that is still subject to appropriate labor consultations, regulatory filings and other customary closing conditions and we expect to close that proposed transaction by the end of the calendar year. Furthermore, it’s important to note that in our Q&A session today, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions related to the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results in fiscal ‘21. Please refer to this morning’s press release for factors that could impact our forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which maybe discussed on today’s call. I am here virtually with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO; Bethany Quam, Group President for our Pet segment; and Jon Nudi, Group President for North America Retail. We are holding this call from different locations. So hopefully, technology cooperates and everything goes smoothly. And with that, we can get into the first question. Jennifer, you can get us started.
Jeff Siemon: Chris, this is Jeff Siemon. I would just add to the original question about costs in the quarter, I would just note that on a year-to-date basis, the pet segment is at about a little over 24% margin versus 22.5% last year. So, while the quarter was – maybe there was a little bit of incremental cost, we still feel very good about where we are year-to-date for that business from a margin and a growth standpoint.
Jeff Siemon: Laurent, this is Jeff Siemon. I’d just add that, as a reminder to everyone, especially in the first half of the year, we were comparing against the first half last year where we were still expanding our Wilderness line more broadly into food, drug and mass and so that – it’s a very high price/mix business. And so that comparison was probably a headwind through the first half, maybe a little bit into the back half. As we go forward, we’ve now fully comped all that expansion. And as Bethany said, a lot of the innovation and news you’re seeing is in the wet and the treat segments, which are certainly mix positive. So we feel good about where we go from here.
Jeff Siemon: Jennifer, I think that’s all the time we have. So I think we’ll go ahead and close up now. Thanks, everyone, for taking the time out and the interest. If there are follow-up questions, please reach out over the course of the next couple of days. And we hope everybody is staying safe and healthy, and we’ll talk you again next quarter. Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. This is Jeff Harmening. You do have that exactly right. I mean, as we look at the third quarter of this year, demand was high all over the world, including the U.S. fueled by clearly the pandemic as well as stimulus spending, and in addition to that some weather-related events. As we look at Q4, we really believe that our sales both in terms of pounds and pricing is going to be higher than it was pre-pandemic, and we are seeing that in the first couple of weeks of the month and we are confident the consumer behaviors aren’t changing as quickly as some would think. And what fuels that Andrew, is really, as you look at the last year, if you look at 2020, our foodservice business in general, in the U.S., the industry declined about 25%. And of that, about 25% was quick-service restaurants, schools, and healthcare, and we have seen quick-service restaurants bounce back and school are gradually getting online as is healthcare. So a lot of bounce back relatively quickly. Another 25% of that decline was related to casual dining, and that’s going to take longer to come back. And then finally, about half of the decline we have seen over the last year in away-from-home eating is really driven by travel, leisure, business, and industry think canteens at places of work. And clearly, that’s going to take a longer term to come back if it ever does at all, because we are not going to work the same way. We are going to be working at home a little more than we were before. People want flexible schedules. While consumers may be making vacation plans now more than they have, business people are not going to be traveling as much because technology has caught up, and we realized we can do a lot of things remotely. And so, we have what fuels our belief in the fourth quarter and we are confident there is not only inventory buildup, but the move will be better than what some expected based on what we have seen over the past year and kind of what we see in the first few weeks of this month, this quarter.
Jeff Harmening: This is Jeff. Let me take that question, because if you get the same answer, then at least you get it from a different person.
Jeff Harmening: So I would start by saying that inflation is very broad-based and it’s actually global. So we are seeing it across the globe we are seeing inflation and it’s broad-based across commodities, across logistics, across things like aluminum and steel. And so whenever you see this kind of broad-based inflation and it’s global, that’s an environment where you are going to realize net pricing. And we certainly go to HMM first, but in this kind of environment, just like a few years ago, when we saw the same thing, our retailers are seeing it, our competitors are seeing it, we are seeing it and so we will realize pricing. We will also, just we will use all of the tools and that includes list pricing, but it’s list pricing, it is price pack architecture, it’s how we manage trade and then finally, price and mix. We will need to use all those levers. And when it comes to pricing, you go from the macro to the micro pretty fast and so the levers we pull certainly depend on category and they certainly depend on geography. And so, I want you to know we would use all those – we would use all the levers at our disposal and we will begin that process here in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So David, let me – this is Jeff. Let me provide a little background on the last year, and I’ll take you a little bit of what we’re seeing in the last month or so. But as we look at the past year, we’ve really seen the at-home trends across our markets. And some have been relatively more open than others, as you know. We’ve seen at-home trends have accelerated across those markets, even the markets that are more open. And they may be a couple of points less growth at-home than those that have been relatively more closed, but we’re seeing pretty consistent performance across markets over the past year, whether it’s at-home or away-from-home consumption. The – there has been a lot of talk on reopening the last month, but the data gets really challenging because – especially because of the weather situation. So for example, Texas has opened up its away-from-home eating, but they had a huge winter snowstorm over the last month, which elevated demand quite a bit and so trying to pick part and pieces. And the variables over the recent short-term, but it’s really difficult to do. And I don’t say that to try to hide anything. But if you look at it, you would see that at-home consumption in Texas would be up, which would be counterintuitive, but that’s because of this huge storm. And so I think we’ll know a lot more at the end of this quarter once we’ve seen more. So right now, what I can tell you is over the long-term, over the last year, we have seen elevated demand across markets. Over the shorter term, there are so many variables to play. It really is hard to pick them apart.
Kofi Bruce: Sure, Ken. This is Kofi. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Look, I think we are absolutely in a position where we ended the quarter with a really strong balance sheet. Our leverage ratio at 2.8x net debt-to-EBITDA, which means we have continued to make great progress against our capital goals. I expect we will restore our full capacity to use all of our levers of cash return. And I think with the signal that I think was important is that we have already started. So, while I can’t commit to anything beyond what we have done, we continue to have the flexibility to act and use the balance sheet to the extent that the full extent of our capital allocation policy. And I think as a reminder, share repurchase is the last of those, so that is where we would look to manage leverage and steer any excess free cash flow.
Kofi Bruce: Sure. Chris, I will be happy to address your question. Thanks for asking. So, as you think about the other factors certainly, as you – as we flagged, there are higher costs to operate in this higher demand environment, and I will tell you that part of the cost in our logistics network costs have gone up in relation to responding to the high demand environment. Specifically, as we are operating in an environment where we need to open new lanes of freight to reach our external supply capacity, but also to reposition within the network, which is where we have seen some incremental costs as related to the weather in the quarter. And as we get to Q4, while we are not giving guidance on Q4 inflation, I think it’s important to note for the full year, we are still expecting about 3% inflation. And the way I would characterize it is our expectation at the beginning of the year were 3% and we are rounding up to about 3%, and we are in a position now where we will be rounding down to about 3% inflation, and I think the critical thing for us is we are taking the opportunity to act with all of our SRM and our HMM levers to set ourselves up to – in anticipation of higher inflation as we step into F ‘22.
Kofi Bruce: Well, certainly, at a high level, we are preparing for higher inflation, and I don’t want to get too far ahead. We will come back and talk to you in Q4 about F ‘22 inflation expectations, but I will just reiterate we are taking actions on the basis of that preparation specifically around our HMM and our strategic revenue management plans and using all of the levers of strategic revenue management.
Kofi Bruce: Yes. And let me just add for additional context, a reminder that our first lever is holistic margin management, right. So, our cost of goods sold productivity, which has been averaging about 4% annually. So we are not relying just on SRM to address the issue, the first four points or so, we would expect to get through gross margin productivity.
Kofi Bruce: Sure. Sure. So, let me speak to some of the key drivers here. Foundationally, after those, you need to look at the higher operating costs in this environment related to us securing additional capacity from external supply chain. And with that, the logistics cost associated with operating in that environment puts us in a position where we are securing more lanes for freight to support that external capacity at higher spot market rates, which we would note that we are seeing about mid single-digit inflation in freight in this environment. So as we are exposed to the spot markets on those external supply chain lanes, the cost of delivering to customers and distribution centers is higher. So, those two factors, I would expect to be largely linked to the demand environment and as supply and demand come more into balance as our inventory levels in the system come more into balance, I would expect those costs to abate. And obviously, we are lapping a tremendously strong Q4 where a fair amount of leverage was driven just in part because of the inventory in the system that both us and the retailers used to drawdown to service the demand.
Kofi Bruce: Yes. I don’t want to get too specific on Q4, but I think it’s fair to say that – as you think about the offsets to some of the key drivers and specifically leverage, those are more than sufficient to offset some of the leverage benefits we expected to see this year.
Kofi Bruce: No. Hey, Jon, I think just to answer your question, we certainly are responding right now on the expectation that inflation is going to be higher. As Jeff referenced earlier, we’re seeing it broad-based. We’re seeing it global and we are frankly in all of our businesses, working hard at using the SRM levers. So I think you will see us acting. And in fact, in some of our businesses, we already have actions in market on the SRM front. So I would just sort of respectfully note that we’re moving right now.
Kofi Bruce: Yes, sure. And I’ll add to that list, some of the other COVID-related costs, such as some of the policy – leave policy dispensation we’ve given to our employees. Obviously, some of the security protocols and adjustments we’ve made in the early days. And I expect a good portion of those costs as we work into a more normal environment to sort of get back in line with normal trends. So I wouldn’t build off of a base of this cost on a full go-forward basis as you think about F ‘22 and demand potentially for at home consumption being lower than this year, but even still elevated above pre-COVID levels. I’m not going to quantify at this point, but we’ll talk more about that as we work our way into F ‘22.
Bethany Quam: Well, hi, thanks for the question. What we really have seen is that pet parents throughout this pandemic have really wanted to continue to offer their pets different forms. So, you are talking about different forms here. So, we have seen mixing between kibble and then wet food from cans to our wet business performing incredibly well as well as fresh. It’s still a very small part of the category, but the trend is pet parents continuing to mix different kinds of food. So, we will continue to look at all those different areas and continue to take the Blue Buffalo master brand where we think pet parents want to see it.
Bethany Quam: Well, starting with the support, we are launching a new business, and so you have cost to do that. And so, we see ourselves spending at a rate that’s right for the category. And again, we can work within the entire portfolio. So, those are launch costs that we are talking right now. In terms of premiumization, that is absolutely continuing in every part of the category. So, the premium cost per pound on wet cat food, definitely higher than what you see in dry, but every part of the category continued to see premiumization on a cost per pound basis.
Bethany Quam: Yes, thanks for the question. So, we have continued to see the movement of the business accelerate. And so in Q2, we had talked a little bit about movement when we had reported 18% sales being a little bit ahead of our inventory, but our movement accelerated as we went into Q3. And so, we feel pretty good about the levels of inventory at this point.
Bethany Quam: Yes. Thanks. You’re absolutely correct, right, as you get exposed into the food drug mass channel, there is more treats that are sold in that channel. Blue Buffalo definitely resonates with pet parents in terms of treating. You’ll see here in the fourth quarter, we are launching a new innovation behind bones. And so that is the opportunity for pet parents to clean – to feed a bone alternative, crunchy biscuit that meets the true Blue promise. And so we are continuing to do well in the treats category, but we know we can do better. And so we have both innovation launching as well as we’re doing some price pack architect work as well. And so we’re able to merchandise. If you look at the Pet category, the treat segment is obviously more responsive to merchandising than your food segment. And so if you look in our remarks today, we have a picture of how the whole portfolio will show up now. And so when we merchandise, retailers are able to offer the new bone, our sticks, our sizzlers, and we really cover all different treat types. So we are continuing to press merchandise. We also are starting to do some different types of marketing behind tradable moments. And so we are pushing on all areas to continue to drive that business. It’s a huge category. We’ve got growth. We would like to have a higher share of it.
Bethany Quam: Again, thanks for the question. So for the 9 months into the year, right, our sales are up 13% and our profit is up 22%. So we feel really good about how we’re able to drive the business in the quarter, right? Our mix can vary depending on channel. And so as we continue to build out, this is a really young business in some channels. And so we’re building out. We didn’t have a variance from the channel mix, but also the product mix. And so we invested behind the different parts of the business. I feel good about the long-term price/mix, again, what’s driving the pet category is premiumization. Blue Buffalo is solely in that part. And we will continue to ensure that we have the right price/mix, and it can vary by quarter, by channel, by product mix.
Jon Nudi: I mean you really hit it, Jeff, on on-the-go nature of the categories. I mean, a tough time with the grain snacks is down high single digits year-to-date. Performance bars is down double digits. So again, that’s been the toughest to point. As Jeff mentioned, we’ve been really focused. In fact, one of the things I’m proud of is that we’re actually growing share total bars. As many of you remember, we’ve been struggling with this category in the last few years. And our turnarounds are really gone by Nature Valley base brands. We’ve got some really strong marketing out there, some great news around recyclable wrapper that just rolled out as well as the number one launch in the category, which is packed this past year. So we feel good about how we’re performing. And as Jeff mentioned, we get back to a more normal time the categories will bounce back to growth.
Jon Nudi: Yes, sure. So obviously, there is some SKU rationalization going on really driven by click-and-collect and retail is really optimizing the shelf space. At the same time, consumers are always looking for new products and new innovation. And I’ll tell you, retailers are very engaged by that as well. So in fiscal ‘21, our new products performed quite well. In cereal, we’ve got 3 of the top 3 launches in the category. In, we’ve got 3 of the top 4 launches and we’ve got a great track record. And that track record really helps us sell in new products. So the bar is higher. We’ve got to have good items. We’ve got to perform. And we really have a track record of doing that, which will help us as we place new items in the coming year. The other thing it actually looking at is our share distribution is up overall and in our key categories as well. And again, new products really help us with that. So that’s how we’re going to approach it. We are really excited about the plans we have coming for fiscal ‘22 as well, which we’ll share as we get closer to the new year.
Jon Nudi: Well, I think I mean, obviously, the highest turning SKUs, getting those shelf space right now as they really are using the shelf for bricks-and-mortar shopping as well as their click-and-collect operations. So our top SKUs continue to grow shelf space and that’s a really good thing for us. And then from an innovation standpoint, again, I think that retailers are looking for a track record of success. So as we have proven that we can do that, I think if we are looking to our items first, I think in some cases, the smaller companies that are coming in where a few years ago, retailers were jumping all over those items. It’s a tough environment for them right now. So I do believe for manufacturers that have big brands that turn well, it’s a good time with shelf. And I think new products are really all how excited you can get retailer sees about these items and building a track record to deliver. And we’ve been able to do that more recently.
Jon Nudi: Yes, Laurent, we really like our business in Canada. Yogurt business, it’s about third of our total business in Canada. And actually, the bigger business for us is Liberté. So it’s about 60% of our total yogurt business in Canada versus 40% for Yoplait. And one of the things we love is Liberté takes a leading greek yogurt in Canada. So while we – a few years back into so well that trend in the U.S., we did very well in Canada and as a result of a strong market share and position in the market. So we’ll exposure to more as we move forward, and we’ll probably highlight some of the new products and other things that we have coming, but we really like our business is performing well in Canada as to speak.
