Kendall Powell: Hi, David. This is Ken, and thank you for the question. I guess, the way we would look at it is probably, I would describe it as a third, a third, a third as we look across the consumer base. I think a third of consumers probably didn't see much of a recession, and those may be the consumers that you're referring to, and their shopping trips and their activities I think have been in line with what we've seen historically. A third of consumers are doing okay, and they may have changed behavior a little bit. And then a third of consumers have been more stressed in the recession, with unemployment and all of the concerns that we know about. So I guess, I would say there's a spectrum out there. We've got a broad portfolio where we have products that are very appealing to the value consumer and that have done very well for us, and all the way up to servings for two, frozen meals, like Wanchai Ferry and Macaroni Grill, and those have done well also. And so I guess, I would say going forward, there is quite a diversity of consumer circumstances and behavior out there. We think that our broad portfolio and wide range of price points and brands really gives us a lot of flexibility and opportunity to appeal to all of them. And as you said, they are great brands, so we can build on all of them. And as we unfold our innovation in June of next year and show you what we've got, I think you're going to be pleased with the spectrum of innovation that we have.
Kendall Powell: Well, I think we began taking some of the pricing, remind me of the dates here, in December, and then...
Kendall Powell: So kind of November, December, then more in January, more in February. So it's been, Eric, a little bit feathered by category over the last three months, and we've – and still taken some more here recently. So it has been feathered. We did see sequentially, over the course of the quarter, our prices strengthened, and so they finished quite a bit stronger than they started. And so that trend is clear, and I think you can see that in your own data. And we very much expect that price realization here to accelerate as we go into March, April and May, the last quarter. I think that's very clear that, that's going to happen.
Kendall Powell: Yes, these comments are pre-Yoplait now, Eric, because we don't really exactly know when it's going to close. And therefore, the precise nature of when the impacts will start to hit. So we want to give you very good information when we have it, and that's going to be later in the year. But for the -- generally, for next year, we'll get into far more detail, of course, here in June. But our starting point is always our long-term model, which we're very committed to. I think you've made a comment on pricing and clearly, the pricing that we're taking is being reflected now, and our expectation is it would be fully or close to fully reflected as we go into Q1. The cereal category, as you said, we believe is going to strengthen in value here as we go forward, and we're quite optimistic about those category dynamics going forward. Obviously, we know what our innovation is going to be, and some of the things we already have in markets. So we think we're going to have good baseline building initiatives in the cereal category that will allow us to play our game there, which is sort of steady incremental share increases driven by baseline. So anyway, I'm trying to touch on some of the points that you made, but our starting point is always our model. Pricing realization is going to come through. Cereal category is going to get stronger. And as soon as we have good, solid information on Yoplait, we'll share that with you in detail.
Kendall Powell: The bulk of it, Terry, was the very difficult new product comparison. The Chocolate Cheerios, in particular, was -- we love all our children, but that one was extraordinarily successful. I think nearly a full share point in the early days and has continued to perform very well, and so that's better. But Wheaties Fuel also got off to a strong start. So we really had a very strong new product story there in that third quarter of last year. Cinnamon Burst Cheerios that we've launched now is a good product. That's going to be a 0.6% or a 0.7% share, which is just fine, but it's not Chocolate Cheerios. So really, that's the bulk of it, Terry. As I said, as we look at the other elements in our cereal business, we are positive about the category dynamics now, as you mentioned, and we've got good baseline initiatives out there, whole grain news, which is very relevant to consumers. A Chex major step-up in advertising, kind of a relaunch that's proving to be very, very good. And as we get to the first quarter, you're going to see some new products that you like. So we feel very good about the fundamentals of the cereal business. We had this tough comp because of Chocolate Cheerios, but that's behind us now.
Kendall Powell: Well, we expect the deal to be completed, and I think there's a little bit of commentary in the press. But we think it's a very good transaction for General Mills, very good for Sodiaal, and we expect that it's going to be completed here over the next period of time.
Kendall Powell: Yes, David. I think because of the magnitude of the inflation that we're seeing across our commodity baskets and across energy and because of the fact, as you know, that all of our retail partners, or most of them, have a very high level of visibility on all of this through their own retail brands, I would say that they’re not at all surprised by the conversations that we've been having over the last three or four months on our need to have some list price increases to offset inflation. Now always, as you know, pricing is the last thing we want to do. The first thing we do is the -- our focus on productivity and mix to offset as much of it as we can. But given what we're seeing, we need some list pricing. And I think that our retail partners understand that. And so those are proceeding apace.
Kendall Powell: Yes. We do expect some elasticity. But I have to say, David, given that the inflation is -- I mean, everyone is seeing it, whether it's retail, food or food-away-from-home, I mean, obviously, everyone is having a -- looks at a similar basket of inputs. They're all seeing inflation. And so we'll see, we believe we're going to see generalized food inflation across all segments, which means that the relative value of food purchased from retail outlets and grocery stores, we think, is going to continue to be very compelling for consumers.
Kendall Powell: Yes, sure. No, I'll tell you. The core strategy and opportunity here is really a unique opportunity to gain the access to a terrific global brand. These kind of things don't come around that often, and really, the core of it for us is this is a very significant opportunity to create very consistent, long-term growth by participating in one of the best global categories there is. I mean, this is, David, it’s a $40 billion category globally, with very favorable growth characteristics. It works in developed markets, it works in developing markets. It's just really a terrific category. And that is the core of the strategy that we're now able to participate in that category fully and globally and with, I might add, a partner who has been very successful at building the brand and developing the brand in their markets. Sodiaal are -- they're very, very good at this, and so we think the combination of General Mills and Sodiaal in the global yogurt category is very exciting news and very good for the company, very good for our shareholders.
Kendall Powell: I don't know. No, that's not our expectation. Our expectation is that our sales growth will be driven by pricing realization in the fourth quarter, Andrew.
Kendall Powell: Well, I'll let my colleagues jump in here if they want. I would say, in general, the cereal category historically, Andrew, is kind of a 1% volume category, 1% or 2% unit. So with some pricing on top of that and because of the huge size of the category, if it unfolds that way, that's all we need in order to have a very productive year in the category. And our expectation, I think for the year would be that it'll roll out something like that. Now there was in the first quarter of last year, and maybe rolling a little bit over into the second quarter, I mean, there was a significant recall and some things that I think depressed the category below normal levels. And obviously, we think everyone will be back kind of firing on all cylinders as we go into the first half of the year. And so we might see category growth a little bit stronger in the first half, and that'd be great.
Kendall Powell: Yes, you're correct in observing that our retail takeaway has been -- was quite a bit ahead of deliveries in the third quarter, and so there was some reduction in pipeline. And it's hard to predict when that will change. And we usually -- I mean, there's pipeline adjustments up and down in our businesses, and we don't really like to really dwell on them as reasons for one thing or another. But the pipeline did shrink in Q3. At some point, they'll stabilize, and we don't know whether that's going to happen in the fourth quarter or the first quarter. But it doesn't really affect how we approach the business planning or our expectations for the overall business for the year.
Kendall Powell: Yes, that's always our starting point. Now obviously, we'll give you all the detail here that you're, I know, eager for in June. But of course, we're committed to our long-term growth model.
Kendall Powell: Well, I think there are a number of similarities in that the level of inflation, I mean, is even -- if you look at what's being predicted by the calendar companies, I mean, the sort of, I’d say the, sort of, general level is maybe even a little bit higher than what we saw in 2008. But the level of inflation is such that I think that there's a -- it's commonly seen, I mean, I think there's agreement that we're going to need some pricing to offset that inflation. And so in that respect, I think the two periods of time are very similar. Now of course, we've come through a very significant recession, and we're still pulling out of it. And so the consumer is a little bit more stressed. But having said that, there's no question that our products and the products that consumers find in grocery stores continue to be a great value for consumers, and they find a lot of value. And so we think that from that standpoint, in terms of the channels that we compete in, we'll continue to be advantaged, and consumers will continue to seek out our products.
Kendall Powell: Yes. I think the pricing gap in aggregate across our categories is a little bit lower than what it was. And over the last nine months, I think our fiscal year-to-date, we've seen retail brands, private label share decline some, as we work our way out of the recession. So both of those comments that you made are true.
Kendall Powell: So thanks for the question. And really, as you said, Alexia, we did what we said we would do, really beginning back in May, which was -- we wanted to have good levels of baseline building, category building, advertising. We've had that. We've had these kind of combined sampling and merchandising events. And those, that sort of spectrum of activities did a couple of things for us, helped us increase our distribution nicely. It gave us a very nice penetration gain, starting to rebuild that penetration in the soup category. So we're very pleased with that, and gave us sales gains and share gains. So we feel quite good about that plan. It did what we wanted it to do. And in June here, we'll tell you more about how we're going to drive the soup category in F12. But you will see good levels of baseline building advertising. We have some very good innovation that we think is going to really appeal to our core consumers. So we'll keep playing our game, which is fundamentals and focused on building the consumer franchise.
Kendall Powell: Todd, you're right on both fronts. Obviously, as we fund the Yoplait acquisition, we are going to maintain our credit rating and our leverage ratios. We obviously have cash offshore, much of which we'll be able to re-purpose to this acquisition which will help that funding. We will be back in the debt capital market as you alluded to, we have a $1 billion bond that's maturing in February of 2012. So you can expect to see us, certainly in our fiscal '12, be coming to the market, certainly probably in the first half of the year.
Kendall Powell: Eric, we're going to share our plans for how we expect to grow Yoplait in concert with Sodiaal when the deal closes, and as we said, we expect that to be in the early part of our fiscal, first quarter of fiscal 2012. What we can say today is they have two very strong businesses in France and the U.K. that they have run very effectively, and we're proud to partner with them in those markets. Other expansion opportunities would be in emerging markets, we believe, and we'll share those, some of our initial thoughts there in the summer.
Kendall Powell: Yes, Eric, so thank you for the question. And I think that the Greek segment is a growth driver now in the category. And I will say that our core businesses in Yoplait, Yoplait Light, for instance, had very good growth in the quarter. Our kids segment is doing good. We have good growth in channels. So our core business is doing what we want it to do. But the real incremental growth in the category, as you've said now is coming from Greek. We've just shipped the Yoplait Greek with the new formulas and the new flavors, and so we don't really -- we don't have data to share with you. If we did, we would. What we do know is that the reception to the product from our customers has been very positive. We think the product is very good, and so we're very optimistic. We obviously want to participate in that segment, and we'll tell you more as we know more. And then I think I would also add, so we like the opportunity that we have with the Greek yogurt. But I would also just remind you, we also like the opportunity that we're going to have with Mountain High Yoghurt. We've completed that deal. That product, we believe, is very on trend. It's an all-natural product. It really appeals to heavy users of yogurt who are using it in cooking and as an ingredient among other things, it's primarily a large-size business. And so it's going to be -- it's on trend, it's growing and it's going to be very incremental for our Yoplait business. And so we like the opportunities we see both in our Greek business and also in driving growth in that Mountain High business, which we're very excited to have.
Kendall Powell: Okay, well, no. I mean, the advertising that we buy and the investment that we make is very much guided by improvements by return and by baseline. So obviously, we're very -- we believe very strongly in that investment and committed to it. This year, as you point out, it was a very difficult inflation and pricing environment, and so we wanted to manage that and we basically have done exactly what we said we would do going back to the beginning of the year, which is our media spend was up 24% a year ago. This year, we think, all-in, it's going to be down maybe mid-single digits in terms of the spend. But I guess, I'd hasten to add that the way we've spent the money and the mix of the spend is -- our GRPs will actually be up double digit, 10% or 15%. So we've done a -- I think we've done this really well. I mean, it's been a challenging environment from a cost standpoint and you need to manage and make adjustments, and so we've had a slight reduction in advertising but a very good increase in advertising rates. And I think the teams did that really well, and we've managed that whole situation very appropriately.
