Ken Powell: Okay, well thank you Jeff, and good morning to one and all. I'll cover the key headlines for the third quarter. Our third quarter results finished in-line with our expectations and keep us on-track to deliver the guidance we updated last month. Our net sales declined due primarily to gaps in pricing and promotional activity in key U.S. businesses, and our cost savings efforts helped us expand our adjusted operating profit margin and drive growth in adjusted diluted EPS. We are highly focused on improving our topline growth trend. We've added support in the fourth quarter to strengthen key business lines and we're pursuing global growth priorities that will further improve our sales trends beyond fiscal '17. Jeff Harmening shared those priorities with you in our presentation at the Cagny Conference last month and we'll come back to them when we discuss our fiscal '18 business plans in June. We are also reaffirming our full year guidance today. So with that let me turn things over to Don to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Ken Powell: Alright well, thanks Jeff. So to summarize our comments this morning, our third quarter results were in-line with our expectations and keep us on-track to deliver the guidance we updated last month. We're highly focused on improving our topline performance, we've added support in the fourth quarter to strengthen key businesses and we'll look to further improve our sales trends beyond fiscal '17. Our plans for next year will balance stronger product news, define our global growth priorities, refined levels of investment across our categories and continued margin expansion. So I'll close this morning by reiterating our commitment to our shareholder return model which consists of balanced top line growth in margin expansion combined with disciplined cash conversion and cash returns, that's the formula we believe will generate top two returns for General Mills shareholders over the long-term.
Ken Powell: So as we look at the biggest challenge that we've had this year with are -- our retail sales have been two-fold and it really has been the pricing and the price discrepancies we've had in our biggest categories as well as our innovation on yogurt and we need to get back to fundamentally strong levels of innovation. Those are the two biggest drivers by far. Now we have gone through about as much organizational changes one can go through in the last three years and so you know does that have an impact, I suppose it does. And if you look at our results in Europe for example, where we had an independent Yoplait organization and an independent General Mills organization, we put them together and you see our first quarter results in Europe from what we wanted but that we've been getting better and better as the quarters have progressed and I think part of that is due to the fact that we've put the organizational change we've undergone. And North America has probably been through a lesser extent; the issues although -- we have changed quite a bit with our supply chain and you know from time to time we've had service challenges especially in the first quarter of this past year but those things are behind us now; and so as we as we look ahead, I wouldn't expect any impact from our cost savings initiatives. And frankly, over the last year even though we've had some -- the vast majority of our challenges have really been due to the pricing we've had in the marketplace and an innovation on yogurt.
Ken Powell: Well, look -- I mean most of the big supply chain restructurings we have are behind us now. We've already implemented ZVB. The cost savings initiatives that we've seen in front of us, things like going to global sourcing and things like that -- you know aren't going to have an impact on how we execute in the marketplace. And so whatever I say a lot of the big organizational changes that we think could have an impact commercially we're not going to see going forward. And as I said even though there has been a lot of change that's not -- I really don't think that's been the primary driver of our performance this year.
Ken Powell: Well, as we look at the fourth quarter Chris the -- we're putting more emphasis behind our cereal and snack brands first and foremost, and then a little bit behind Old El Paso. And because we -- you know, if we like the marketing efforts we have on all those brands we've seen good results on Nature Valley and snacks and we like we have included Cheerios and Lucky Charms and so forth. We're also adding a little bit back to our Pillsbury business on Easter which is later this year; so Easter is in April as opposed to March and so we won't see results on that until April. So we are adding a little bit back for our refrigerator baked goods. What I would say is that the -- we're not going to have a tons back on soup because the soup season is kind of over and after Easter the baking season is kind of over until next fall. We expect good margin improvement on soup and refrigerated baked goods but we also have to make sure that we were supporting those business properly as well and we've had a significant volume deleverage this year which has partially offset some of the cost savings that we've had. And so our expectation is that we go forward, that we'll continue to grow margin in those brands but we'll do it with a little bit less of the leverage and a little bit more support.
Ken Powell: So as we -- you know, we're obviously seeing the same trends for the industry. If you look at kind of where the food and beverage industry is now versus a year ago, there is about a four point difference from where it was than to where it is now; so sales were up about 1.5 this quarter a year ago and now it's down to -- about half of that is due to pricing; and so we've seen deflationary pricing across food and beverage over the past quarter and so as we think about that 4 point gap, half of that is pricing and so the unit volume really is about 2 points and there is really not one factor that impacts it. Although there are -- certainly there is movement for the perimeter over the store and there is even more deflation in categories like meat and dairy; but also you see significant growth and increasing growth in channels that aren't measured by Nielsen and e-commerce is certainly one of those which is growing at between 35% and 50% this year and is probably upto 1.5% of total food and beverage sales. And so without doubt there is increased growth and channels as not measured by Nielsen.
Ken Powell: So as we look at distribution, our distribution is down in our U.S. business this year and a fair amount of that was planned as we did SKU rationalization in Pillsbury and Progresso. And that part was down more certainly than our yogurt business. But also as we look at it, you know we've got -- even though our distribution is down, we've replaced a lot of slower turning SKUs with faster SKUs, and we call those our Priority 450. And so the -- our P450 SKUs are actually up, and so even our distribution is down in a few categories, the level of distribution on our highest turning has [indiscernible] SKUs is actually growing and so for that reason distribution is not really the contributing cause to our decline this year. It may be a little bit in yogurt but that we expect it but for the rest of our businesses really distribution declines are not the driving force, it really is more about our price competitiveness and the marketplace support we've had.
Ken Powell: So I mean -- look I think you're in the right ballpark in terms of the improvement we expect to see in the fourth quarter for sales. So I think your math is pretty good on about what we expect to see. You know, what I would tell you is that if you look at our business outside the U.S. retail, so for Convenience & Foodservice and for Europe, we continue to look for good performance there as well as a our business in China. So we feel good about performance in those areas. And then when it comes to our U.S. business, you are right in assuming -- we're not assuming a turnaround in our yogurt business in the fourth quarter, we think the businesses that will get better in the fourth quarter in April/May particularly are going to be our cereal business and our snacks business. And with continued good growth from Old El Paso and Tortino's because that's where we put more of the pressure whether it's a little bit of pricing pressure or as importantly, if not more so, some of our consumer marketing pressure because we feel like we've had -- we have good ideas in cereal, we have a good ideas in Nature Valley as well as Old El Paso and Tortino's and we think we can drive those businesses better by spinning some more marketing support behind those key businesses. So that's where we really expect to see the growth and improvement in the fourth quarter.
Ken Powell: That right. Yes, I think your sense is good, we assume they don't expect any slowdown in the annually HMM contributions. And so given that there is a good likelihood we'll see that $4 billion for the decade.
Ken Powell: Well, I'm looking at the pricing, I mean -- you know, I think we've been pretty good at pricing for a while and we've been -- basically, worked within the context of the marketplace. In this year we were just priced way higher than the market, so we didn't really anticipate as well as we could have I suppose the market dynamics. And you know what I would tell you is that we -- as we've said, maybe a quarter ago we haven't improved our strategic revenue management capability and we're still improving that, we've brought in resources from outside of the company to help us with that and I think that's going to -- that is certainly going to help us as we look ahead and so we've strengthened our capability there and I think we'll continue to strengthen our capability there. And in terms of answering the question on personnel, we feel like we've got the right personnel in the right place, we've got segment leads who are good at driving growth whether that's in North America here or whether that's in Europe or Asia and we've had a SPU on Häagen-Dazs in yogurt and so we feel really good about the talent that we have in place that can drive our business across our segments.
Ken Powell: Well, you have some fair observation but what I would tell you is that, as we look ahead we will be -- we're not going to be increasing our level of promotion in the fourth quarter. Our level of promotional will still be down year-over-year, we'll be just down a lot less than it was before. And so while we are adding back spending, we're not kind of going from one side to the other. In terms of retail environment; what I would say is, it's always been competitive as it is right now, in fact private label shares in our categories are actually down and they're down in almost all of our categories year-on-year. And so as we look at the private label impact, actually for us it's not really -- at least in our categories it's not increasing but private label shares are actually declining. And while the -- while retailers are competitive, they've always been competitive and we don't feel like it's any more competitive environment with regard to retail that it has in years past, it's always been that way and we remain -- they don't feel particularly hostile to us and we've got good relationships with all of our major retail customers, and that's been unchanged.
Ken Powell: Well Bryan, as we went into the year, we went in with a certain expectation on volumes. And as that didn't eventuate we were able to pull certain levers because given the magnitude of the top line it was hard to contain it for me from a profit standpoint. That said we will still have a lot in the site to hold level on SOP, drive our EPS growth and drive a 100 points in margin expansion; so there is a lot of things that we had planned for the year that will still come through but clearly, you know, as we're sitting here now with the sales expectations of minus four, you know, 200 to 300 basis points lower than coming into the year which is kind of hard to contain that in a given fiscal year.
Ken Powell: So on the snacking question, we have two businesses we feel in the U.S. We have two businesses we feel really good about and we're added support behind that. So Nature Valley is the biggest one, it's our biggest snacks bars business and we've gained share on that and we like our marketing on that; and so we're going to add support because that's our biggest business and we like what that's doing. And Larabar has also been growing. The challenge we had in the third quarter is really behind our Fiber 1 business and our Fiber 1 business has been declining, and we're working to improve that but we won't get back to growth on Fiber 1 certainly in the fourth quarter; and so what we're doing is we're going to place more bets on things that are working well in our snacks business and we feel confident that that can improve our snacks performance in the fourth quarter. As far as recapturing unit volume, it really depends category by category, that's what I would tell you. And that -- you know, in cereal we don't think we're far off so there's not a lot of volume to be recaptured. I mean we -- you know, we're only down 1% this quarter and so while we would like to grow it wasn't too bad and we think actually as importantly as trade spending in cereal really is actually marketing spending because we feel good about our ideas. I contrast that with refrigerated baked goods where we feel like we really have to add some money back to our merchandising as we look at the back half of '17 to make sure that our merchandising is in the right place because we lost a lot during merchandizing.  So it really does depend category by category and that's how we'll look at it as we head into next year.
Jeff Harmening: So Andrew, this is Jeff. You know what I would say is that -- you know, we're satisfied with our strategy on growth versus foundation brands and we mean the brands we set for growth we think are the right ones and the foundation ones as well. And how we're managing those, we feel fine we're fine with that. I mean the challenge for us as Ken and we've talked about this a lot is that -- as we look at this year it's not really growth versus foundation for us, it's just in some key categories. We haven't had the promotion mix right and we haven't been as competitive and pricing as we could have been. So yogurt which is a growth brand for us, as well as refrigerated baked goods and soup; and so it really is a matter of our price competitiveness, as well as our innovation on yogurt and getting back to innovation -- levels of innovation in yogurt that we feel are going to be more than competitive and can get us back to growth on that business. So as we look at our strategy and growth and foundation, we're satisfied with that as well as the brands we have and kind of in each bucket but it really is our promotion competitors on some of our biggest businesses.
Jeff Harmening: So David this is Jeff. I look at the fair question given the decline we've seen on the brands but I will tell you, there is nothing wrong with either the Pillsbury or the Progresso brand. I'm in fact we -- you know, we grew those two businesses a year ago and so whatever -- it is fully transitory. And you know with refrigerated baked goods, we took a significant amount of pricing and we've paid the price for taking more than we should have and you see it in our pricing versus competition, you particularly see it as retail brands private label, that's kind of filled the promotional void that we left. And so for us on refrigerated baked goods; for -- if refrigerated baked goods is really is getting back to being price competitive and we think we'll have a much better year next year than we had in 2017. And on Progresso as well, I mean we were out to merchandise this year, our Progresso Brand and our price points weren't particularly good and we didn't probably execute the way that we wanted to and so there is nothing wrong with either of those brands although I can understand how you would think that given the volume decline but it really is transitory, they are both great brands and we think we can improve performance on both of them.
Jeff Harmening: And Chris, I guess what I would add to that is, you know, as we've talked about we have a couple of opportunities in front of us. One is to get sharper on price and as we do that we think that will have long-term benefits and you expect that to continue. And stronger support behind some of our best marketing ideas and you know, as we said before as we look at our media investment for the back half of the year; excluding U.S. yogurt which we said we were right sizing, the other growth businesses will see an increase in media in the back and that's been consistent since we've decided to put money back -- more money back into the business in December. Again, we're going to -- we're expecting good returns on that and we continue to expect to support our brands as we go forward beyond the fourth quarter.
Jeff Harmening: Jason, I mentioned in my script -- you know, a part of the same which you see in the quarter is our incentive reduction which obviously we reset after our December earnings reduction and then reset again this quarter. It's probably going to be about a $40 million savings in the year, a reduction to expense in the year which obviously will look factor into our planning for next year.
Jeff Harmening: So Josh, this is Jeff. You know, a couple of points in the fourth quarter and then 2018. On the fourth quarter we are adding support, it will mostly hit in April and May, and that's partially due to the timing of Easter when we've added back some support for our banking business. But also when we enter -- when we left the second quarter, the time you can get merchandising and advertising back into the marketplace is going to be mostly seen in April and May. So our improvement in the fourth quarter will mostly be April and May. I think also importantly that even though we're adding support in the fourth quarter our merchandising levels are still going to be down, they just won't be down as far as they were before; so it's not that we're going to one end of the shift to the other in terms of pricing support. You know whether that's in cereal or whether that's in snacks or whether that's in other places; so while we are adding support in April and May our merchandising will still be down it just won't be down as much as it has been in the last quarter. And then as Ken said in his remarks, we'll give increased guidance and thoughts in June when we deliver our fourth quarter results for 2018.
Jeff Harmening: Rob, this is Jeff. I just add that the waiting of our business shifts as you go into the fourth quarter, you move away from the big kind of winter season businesses like soup and refrigerated dough where we've seen the largest -- some of the largest decline, so just from a portion of portfolio standpoint those declines will become less a portion of our business as we get into the fourth quarter.
Jeff Harmening: And the only thing that I would add on the promotional side is, we might be adding back promotional dollars, it is about frequency more than depth. So it's really that as we look back over the course of the year, it's we have missed some windows that we would have typically have gotten. And putting money back and getting – reearning some of those windows; so it's about frequency, strategy, not just depth.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Alright, I had to try on '18. And Don, I guess I was hoping to ask just on the inventory build in the quarter; I know in the year ago there were some issues just around with the Green Giant sale but I guess in turn the increase was -- was there anything else? I guess was there an issue with any timing factors, anything you can help with that? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And Ken, the only thing I'm trying to figure out is, I agree your history has been there, I just can't figure out exactly what went wrong and why it won't happen again but… [Technical Difficulty]
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning everyone. So can I ask about the retailer environment because it think to me that even as recently as December I think on the last earnings call you were talking about wanting to pull back on in effect of promotional activity, obviously that's been harder to gauge given your comments to-date and now you're going in the other direction and reinvesting back in promotion. Can you comment on how hostile are the retailers being in pushing for incremental reinvestment back in pricing? It seems to me that Wal-Mart and others are worried about competition from hard discounters, so the retailer environment is getting tougher; private label share gains are picking up, distribution trends as Jason mentioned earlier seems to be coming down, maybe just some comments for you on that? Thank you and I'll pass it on in the interest of time.
