Jeff Harmening: Thank you, Ken and thank you for your leadership and your service to General Mills and thanks for providing outstanding guidance and mentorship to me over the years. I am honored to be taking the reigns and I am excited to write the next chapter of a book that spans a 150 years history of this great company. I am looking forward to continuing the track record of value creation that both you and your predecessors have delivered for General Mills’ shareholders. Now, let’s turn back to the business for this morning’s call. Fiscal ‘17 was a year of significant change for General Mills. We implemented a new global organization structure, continued our journey to become a truly global food company. We also accelerated some important cost savings efforts to improve our efficiency. These efforts went according to plan and we are happy with those results. But it’s clear some actions did not go according to plan. We have pulled back too far our investment in some key categories and our overall execution was not up to our normal standards. Our sales and profit suffered as a result. Still we were able to deliver 6% constant currency growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share and we returned $2.7 billion in cash to our shareholders. As we look forward, our top priority for fiscal ‘18 is to make significant strides toward returning our business to sustainable top line growth. Our plans call for investment and product news and innovation to accelerate growth for businesses where we have positive momentum and to improve those that are underperforming. We will also increase investment in capabilities like e-commerce and strategic revenue management, which are critical for growth today and will be in the future. With the biggest changes to our global structure and our supply chain now behind us, we expect to get back to executional excellence this year. These efforts will help us to deliver 200 to 300 basis point improvement in our net sales trends in 2018 compared to our 2017 results. On the bottom line, we expect profit and earnings per share growth to reflect strong cost savings partially offset by volume declines and investments I just mentioned. We have made significant progress to expand our adjusted operating profit margin over the past two years. We continue to see opportunities for future of margin expansion, including an increase in adjusted operating profit margin in fiscal 2018. But we will moderate the pace of expansion as we invest to restore top line growth. Looking forward, we are focused on delivering a balance of sales growth and margin expansion, along with strong cash conversion and cash returns to create top tier returns for our shareholders. With that as the back drop, let me turn it over to Don to review our fiscal 2017 financials and provide details on our 2018 guidance.
Jeff Harmening: So Andrew what I will say is that our assumptions for category growth are based on our projections as we look forward and wanting to make sure that we are reasonable on our assumptions as we look for our growth in fiscal ‘18. And our 200 basis point to 300 basis point improvement in our sales trends is really on trying to hit on being more competitive in the categories that we are in and not expecting our categories to improve dramatically, so it really is a reflection of our belief that we need to get back to competitiveness in the markets where we are in. But it’s not predicated on markets improving dramatically and we just wanted to make sure that we were sufficiently conservative I suppose on our estimates on that and clear that our main focus really is to get back to competitiveness in the markets where we are in.
Jeff Harmening: Let me take the first part of the question and talk a little bit about top line growth and how that relates to earnings and then I will turn it over to Don to talk about how that reflects back to EPS. But on the top line growth, we feel good about our ability to generate the top line growth we have suggested. And it’s really based on a few key elements that I touched on. One is certainly that our media expense is going to grow this year where it was down double digits last year. And our new product innovation is going to be higher and we are going to be in the zone on pricing for some key brands. I would also say that we weren’t very pleased with our execution this past year and we are highly confident that we are going to be to execute well this year, because we had our plans set later in the year. So on the top line, we are convinced that we can deliver the 200 basis points to 300 basis points improvement that we see. Having said that to the extent that, we find opportunities that have a high return as the year unfolds, we will certainly be glad to reinvest and to continue to try to grow our top line further than that if we see that there are good opportunities to deliver a good return. On the operating profit side I mean top line certainly is our top goal, but we are also committed to continuing to deliver margin expansion and the plan that we laid out reflects that. And we have got very good HMM as we have for the past decade and we have some other sources of cost efficiency which you see coming through. So we are remaining disciplined on the cost side and making sure that we have enough media and trade and innovation support to improve the business that we would look at. How that translates into EPS, I will let Don take that from there.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Ken, this is Jeff. So, thanks for the question. What I would say is that on the – we are still dedicated to both growth on the top line and becoming more efficient and we do not think I am usually exclusive. So, this coming year, I mean, our intent is to grow our top line by 200 to 300 basis points, whilst continuing to still grow our margins. So, I want to be clear to everyone that we still intend to do that. What you see is that when we talk about the muted margin growth, it really is a reflection primarily of pricing and the pricing that we were hoping to get this past year, but in this current environment, it’s really challenging. And so as we look at our cost savings initiatives, whether they are HMM or other initiatives, we feel great about those and great about our ability to deliver those. The thing that has really changed from a year ago is that we are anticipating that we can generate more pricing in the current environment. And that pricing has certainly deteriorated over the past year and the pricing environment was not what we anticipated. And so what you hear from us really is that, our strategy is basically the same. We don’t think that there is a dichotomy between choosing growth over our margins, but that our ability to take pricing has impacted our ability to generate the margins we had originally anticipated. We are still proud of the margin growth we have generated over the past few years, 200 basis points of margin growth and we will continue that margin growth journey, but that’s really the big difference. And we also know I suppose that really getting back to supporting our brands the way we need to is going to be important to our top line growth to create the virtuous cycle that we are looking for.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Look, I appreciate you asked that question. I am guessing that there are others on the line probably have the same one. So, we saw about a 3 point gap in our sales between our movement and our RNS in North America here in the last quarter. And the most important thing I want to leave you with is that only about 10% of that gap is shipments ahead of consumption. And of that, that was primarily cereal for June merchandising. And we ended the year in 2017 about the same place we did the prior year. So, there is not a big inventory build up would then brings the question, okay, then what’s the rest of the 90%? And about 40% of that is growth in non-measured channels that are not contained in Nielsen and we have seen an acceleration in growth. I have told you we feel good about our e-commerce business and certainly we are growing well there. And so our growth in unmeasured channels has increased to about 100 to 150 basis point gap between what we had seen before. So, that’s about 40% of the difference that you see. And the other 50% is not so intuitive, but it’s really important than that. The pounds gap was only about 1.5 points and that’s because the price mix in Nielsen is different than what we see in our business. And probably that is due to some margin compression on the part of retailers and so as they compete in the marketplace. And so it is not so intuitive, but I guess it’s important to note. So, on the pound basis, that really covers the other 50%.
Jeff Harmening: Look, I’d say David it’s a good question. Look, I think that certainly more than half of the businesses we saw were due to the decisions that we made in the execution that we saw. And you see that primarily in our soup and refrigerated dough businesses and how much market share we lost this past year whereas in the year before we actually gained share in both of those categories. And it’s really hard for innovation and other ideas to work when your pricing it so off. And I would say that the reductions we made in spending in yogurt, which we had anticipated were certainly part of the challenge as well. The part that was not necessarily self-inflicted, but we are going to have work to correct this next year was our innovation in yogurt, we know we have needed to improve. And so as we look at this past year, certainly more than 50% of our challenges were things that we think are entirely fixable. In fact, we think the vast majority are entirely fixable this year to make us more competitive. And the environment itself, yes, it was a little more challenging at F ‘17 than the years before. It’s about 1.5 points less than it was in the year before in terms of the market and we are expecting the F ‘18 category to be about the same as F ‘17 but honestly we think the vast majority of our challenges are correctible both in the U.S. and other places as well.
Jeff Harmening: Well, the – a couple of things I mean certainly our comps are easier especially in the second and third quarter. But we actually don’t allow that as a reason to get back to growth here in the building here at Minneapolis, so well it may be true. What we are focus on are the fundamental actions we are going to take. And Jon Nudi and his team have done a great job putting together a plan that we are highly confident in. And in terms of the have we set a mark we can hit, yes we have given guidance that we are confident that we can hit. And looking to the extent that we can exceed it, we will certainly try to exceed it. But what we don’t want to do is try to jump out of our shoes with outrageous category expectations from the beginning. We would rather [ph] make sure that we have category assumptions and growth assumptions that are reasonable and build on those. And that’s what we have done in this plan both on the earnings side and on the growth side.
Jeff Harmening: Well, Jason that’s a good question. I am not – although I am not going to speak on behalf of the industry, let me talk about us. And of course as I need to make sure that we nurture the brands. And I think that’s a really good point and that’s exactly what we are going to be doing in F‘18 and that’s why our media spending is up a little bit but there is a lot of ways to nurture brands and to grow them. I mean it’s also why we have to have our pricing into the zone, because lot of media spending if your pricing isn’t the right place it doesn’t really work that’s why innovation is going to grow, that’s why we are building capability in e-commerce and strategic revenue management. So I think you are right on the point that we need to make sure that we continue to nurture our brands. Media is one element, but so is getting our pricing right, making sure our innovation is on point, that’s why our Consumer First strategy is important and that’s why we are continuing to build our capabilities especially in e-commerce.
Jeff Harmening: Well. I can only forecast ahead of what’s going to happen as always – always a tricky business. I mean, for me the retailers’ voice has been competitive. And even if this past quarter, we saw a tick-up in competitive activity. I mean I guess I would always say that you hope for decades, I mean retail grocery industry has been really competitive. And I assume it would be really competitive going forward. And the way that we win is through great brands, well articulated through marketing and great product innovation. And I think that as long as we continue to do that, we will see success maybe we have been doing on Häagen-Dazs and we have seen success. We done on Lucky Charms this year and we saw success. We have done on Old El Paso and we saw success. We have done it on Annie’s and we saw success. So even though it wasn’t the year we wanted and some businesses didn’t work the way we wanted, I will say that we have a number of businesses around the world that met or exceeded expectations. And the similarity among all of them is that we got great brands, we got great products, we invested behind them and we innovated as well, that’s the combination I think as long as we do that then we will like the results we see.
Jeff Harmening: No, thanks for that question, Chris, I mean, obviously, it’s one that’s on the minds of lot of people these days and has been for us for long time. I think with regard to e-commerce, I think there is couple of key things on a high level to keep in mind. The first is that where we have engaged in e-commerce, whether it’s here in the U.S. Our sales online have broadly outperformed our sales in the store. And so we feel good about our ability to win in e-commerce environment. The second is that if e-commerce is going to be broad across many customers, there is not just going to be one customer, even though that lot of talk about the Amazon and Whole Foods deal, I mean, all of our major customers have e-commerce components. As we have experienced around the world, there are variety of customers who participate in e-commerce and so it’s not going to be just one winner. The third is that we have got great relationship specifically with Amazon and we have got great relationships with Whole Foods. In fact, some people will probably be surprised to know that we are actually vendor of the year for 2 years in a row with Whole Foods and we have our e-commerce growth has been – we have been really pleased with it. And our growth – and our natural and organic are really pleased with it. And so if those are two trends that are going to continue, we feel like we have done our job so far. But look, that’s going to continue to evolve. And though we are satisfied with what we have done so far, we are going to keep evolving as the marketplace evolves. So, we feel like we are pretty well positioned.
Jeff Harmening: Well, I think that Chris, I think that the growth in e-commerce, especially here in the U.S., but is going to accelerate. And so to the extent that accelerates, then we will accelerate our investment broadly in e-commerce, but really with the growth of the e-commerce business. But we see growth in e-commerce here in the U.S. as really prevalent in China and Korea. I mean, that’s where we see the highest penetration of e-commerce and food and growth. So, we expect that channel to continue to grow.
Don Mulligan: Yes. So, Andrew, as we have talked about in the call, there is several things contributing to profit improvement next year, HMM at $390 million will exceed our inflation, even though inflation will be elevated in F ‘18 versus F ‘17 and 3%. And we have another $160 million in cost savings – incremental cost savings coming through. In addition, while our price mix will be less of a contributor in ‘18 than in ‘17 it will still be a positive contributor. So, we have those three positives. It will be offset by volume declines still in the year and that will be particularly felt in the early part of the year. In Q1, for example, we expect our organic sales to closely near what we saw in ‘17, for example. And then we will see investments. An investment will span a number of areas. We have talked about media being up and that will certainly be one. But we are also investing in things like taking Yoplait to more cities in China to expanding our Häagen-Dazs stick bar business, geographic expansion in Europe, building capabilities like e-commerce and SRM and getting started on our process transformation work. And these will show up – they won’t all show up in media and I want to make that clear, while media will be up, many of these investments will be seen in COGS or in SG&A, but that will be – that is embedded in the guidance. And then as you mentioned, incentive, which I think next year is going to be about $45 million to $50 million drag. So, the combination of those things allows us to be comfortable with the flat to plus 1 SOP. The EPS will expand a bit more, because it will benefit from the share reduction of 1% or 2%. And that’s really the biggest driver between SOP growth and EPS growth next year.
Don Mulligan: And the other thing that I would add David is that there is momentum we have take into consideration and as you saw F ‘17 unfold, we saw some negative momentum in Q2 and Q3, we began turning that in Q4, but it doesn’t turn overnight and so we will continue to see that momentum improve as year unfolds that’s why I indicated earlier Q1 we don’t expect to see a lot better performance than in Q4, but we expect Q2 to be better and the second half to be better still. So our expectation is that we exit F ‘18 on much better footing than we are today and certainly that will help us get to that guidance.
Don Mulligan: Jason, I appreciate the positive comments on our pricing as we said we got a little ahead of ourselves in some cases and hurt on the volume side. But we are pleased that we need to get the pricing in place it was an important contributor this year being ‘17. I won’t bring up precisely the price and mix, but one other things that you see in the pricing is that as we did less merchandising and we had more base line it was a positive mix from that standpoint and it’s also positive mix from a product and category standpoint that helped as the year unfolded. Looking forward, we still expect to see price mix benefit in F ‘17 – it’s F ‘18. Thank you, Jeff. As I said for the total company it would be less than in ‘17 and it’s really driven by North America and we expect it to be positive, but lower and as Jeff alluded to it’s really about getting in the right zone on some key brands and particularly Pillsbury and Progresso. But we expect the other segments actually to be up on price mix in F ‘18. Our Convenience and Foodservice business will see a stronger bakery flour pricing as that recovers, we are going to be pricing for some higher inflation which includes the Brexit impact in the UK and higher dairy inflation and obviously in Asia and Lat-Am have a lot of the emerging market inflation that comes through us in pricing. So we expect price mix to still be a contributor in ‘18 albeit at a slightly lower level than we saw in ‘17.
Don Mulligan: Bryan, I think you should think about – I think as we think about our investment in you have Jason and I think you are referring to media, but we would say more broadly is we expect our investment behind our brands to go ahead of our sales levels. And you are seeing that in F‘18 and I think it is more or less for ‘19 and ‘20 you should assume the same.
Don Mulligan: Well, Chris, I am not going to, I guess, quantify it for you, but again as I listed to Andrew’s question, we have some margin improvement pluses coming through in HMM over inflation in the cost projects and in price mix and even offsetting some of that with volume declines, I mean, there is still a pretty significant gap between that and the earnings expectations we have for the year and that gap is really filled by the investments that we expect to be making.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you. Good morning. And Ken, I would like to wish you all the best and congratulations on retirement.
David Driscoll: Okay. So want to just get into little bit of follow-ups from I think what Andrew was asking about, but I want to take it in a slightly different direction. When you think about the fiscal ‘17 organic revenue and volume declines of negative 4% and negative 7% respectively, how much of this is self-inflicted, if I can use that phrase versus broader industry trends? And I see like that’s still not entirely clear. You made many statements about the execution wasn’t what you want, but I am trying to get a sense here of, do you think half of the problems that have happened on the top line are something that were generated internally by decisions the company made? And a follow-up if I may.
David Driscoll: Well, I think that’s really good to hear. And my follow-up would just simply be then when we look at the guidance and its negative revenue growth on top of the negative revenue growth, the self-inflicted items would seemingly be things that would turn into, I thought as people don’t like this phrase, but easy comps. And then just the ability to see a rebound in some of these categories, because we feel like that’s in the forecast, would you agree with the idea that you are – last year it didn’t go so well, so you need to set out a forecast here that’s extremely reasonable and gives you cushion here kind of day one, is that I don’t know how you would like to phrase it, but from the outside perspective, we are trying to judge the degree of difficulty of hitting the forecast you laid out today? Thank you.
