Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Nelson and good morning everyone. I am here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO and Kofi Bruce, our CFO. Also joining us this morning for Q&A is Jon Nudi who leads our North America Retail segment. I will turn the call over to them in a moment, but before I do, let me first touch on a few items upfront. A press release on third quarter results went out earlier this morning and you can find the release and a copy of the slides from this morning on our Investor Relations website. It’s important to note that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions Jeff and Kofi will share related to the impact of the COVID-19 virus outbreak on our results in fiscal ‘20. The second slide in today’s presentation listed number of factors, among them the impact of COVID-19 that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I will turn you over to my colleagues beginning with Jeff.
Jeff Siemon: And Chris, this is Jeff Siemon. I just remind everyone that’s listening, our quarter ended on February 23. So while that is only three weeks ago, which is hard to believe, there really wasn’t anything in the US that was happening at this – at that time. It’s really all happened subsequent to the end of the fourth – third quarter, excuse me.
Jeff Siemon: Great. I think that’s all the time we have. So we will go ahead and wrap up the call for this morning. Thanks everyone for your time and attention. We really appreciate you being with us this morning. I really hope that everyone stays safe and healthy. If any of you have follow-up questions please, I will be around all day, so don’t hesitate to reach out. Thanks again.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Andrew, that’s a really thoughtful – this is Jeff, really a thoughtful question. Let me give you a couple of insights from China and then I’ll pass it to Jon Nudi to maybe give you a couple of insights from North America Retail. And in China, as we said, our shops business has been down over the last month. But interestingly, our frozen dumplings business has been up double digits and particularly with delivery at home. And it’s very clear that we’ve increased household penetration in China and that demand continues to be strong even as our shop business open up and China gets back to work. And so, I’m not sure the lessons we learned in China will hold everywhere, but at least what we’re seeing in China is that, our household penetration on Wanchai[indiscernible] Ferry dumplings has increased and that there is strong growth following the fact that people are starting to get back to work. We have done a lot of work in the U.S. on some of our product lines, in particular Snacks, but I’ll let Jon Nudi comment on that.
Jeff Harmening: So, Ken and as we look at channels, I mean, clearly the situation is evolving quickly. And I will give you what insights we have which may not be sufficient, but as we look at March so far, we haven’t seen a big falloff in our convenience and foodservice business through the day, but clearly, the situation continues to evolve. And you, like us, see schools closing and that’s a big piece of our business and we also see the restaurant traffic is down. And what we are seeing is those two things there is some offset by what we see in convenience stores, where the traffic is strong and unfortunately, certainly with healthcare. And so we would expect in the fourth quarter that our CNS business would be down for all of those factors, but look the situation continuing to evolve in ways that you would probably anticipate.  In terms of how we think of marketing for the fourth quarter, that’s a good question. I mean, the first thing I would say is that as we look around the world, we have made sure that whatever marketing we have that the messaging is appropriate. It’s a unique time and we need to make sure whether we are doing – we are talking about our brands on social media or we are doing it through broad scale like TV, first of all, our messages has to be appropriate for the time and I can tell you we have done that worldwide and that we feel like it is. And second is that part of the appropriate of that message I think includes not talking about stocking up and that kind of thing. We see consumers doing that already. Having said that, for us, brand building is a long-term investment, it’s not only what we do this quarter, so we will continue to build our brands in appropriate ways, because the impact is not only for now, but it’s 3 months from now and 6 months from now. In addition and this is only one man’s opinion with very little data to back it up, but I think it also can [instill a] [ph] sense of normalcy for people as their lives are anything but normal on many parts of the world. And so for us, we think we have a responsibility to do that whether it’s delivering our products or whether it’s advertising Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Jeff Harmening: So, Rob, it’s a good question. And certainly, keeping the supply chain moving is at the top of our mind. And so I think it’s an insightful question. As we think about it, the first couple of things, I would say is look up until this point, the supply chain has been working remarkably well and our service levels are well over 90%. And I will tell you our retail partners have been very grateful for the work that we and others have done. So certainly up until this point in time, the supply chains have been working very well despite maybe we should see pictures of store shelves being empty, I can tell you that food continues to flow, we continue to make it, our retailers continue to stock as quickly as they can and that all is actually working pretty well. As we look ahead, one of the things that – we need to do a couple of things, one is that, we need to make sure our employees remain safe, and the second is that, we would need to maintain that – we need to maintain the delivery of products. We needed to do both. We can’t really do one or the other. We have to do both. In terms of employee safety, I would say that, while people are at work, we already follow very strict food safety guidelines and employee safety guidelines at our plants, hand-washing and things like that. And the guidelines set forth by the FDA and the USDA. One of the things that we are doing incrementally as we have adjusted our leave policy to make sure that people who are sick can stay home and get paid and then stay at home because we certainly don’t want sick people coming into our manufacturing plants or offices. And the – as I said, we put some policies in place to help them out. We’ve also worked through a number of contingencies, but to date, I think it’s also important to note that the FDA in a note they put out yesterday, reiterated that statement, there is currently no evidence of food or food packaging being associated with transmission of COVID-19. And so, we anticipate continuing production through most of our – the course of our normal actions. The only thing we’ve done differently at some of our sites is that, we have encouraged social distancing. So instead of having everybody gathered in the lunch room at one time. We’re encouraging people to do it at different times and the current – and so having breaks all at one time, doing breaks at different times. So we’ve been responsible in that way.
Jeff Harmening: And then with regard to Pet, David, look, during the last recession we didn’t see a pullback on pet food. And as we look at Blue Buffalo, when we bought it, one of the things we like about it was the demand for pet food seems to be pretty inelastic. And what we have seen so far in the fourth quarter is not to the same degree is where we have seen North America retail, but people love their pets and they want to make sure they take care of their pets. And so we feel like our retail takeaway for pet in the fourth quarter is going to be robust. Now, remember we have comps to go against, we built a lot of inventory due to a launch last year and the 53rd – an extra month, so there was a lot going on. But I would say demand for pet food, we continue to see very strong and to the extent that the U.S. has some economic hardships as a result of this virus, we would anticipate the pet food category would still be a robust category.
Jeff Harmening: So, again what we saw in, I am assuming, you are talking about the U.S., but I will actually start with China. What we did see in China was a pretty significant shift to the e-commerce channel and we were well prepared for that and we serviced our customers both in-store and online, but we did see as you can well imagine, an increase in the e-commerce channel. And I will let Jon Nudi talk about what we have seen and what we expect in the U.S.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. I think we would expect on balance to get some additional leverage out of the volume moving through our plants, which are obviously running close to capacity. And then I will let you direct your follow-up.
Jeff Harmening: Well, listen, as you well know, I hate to dodge your question, but this one, I am just going to – I am going to have to take a pass on this, because we are trying to model our current situation. I am not really sure what model we would use to be honest with you. What we do believe is that over the next couple of months, I mean, you talk about calendar 2020, I would say over the next couple of months, it’s very clear to us that restaurant traffic will be down. It’s very clear to us that schools and university feedings will be down. And that consumption is going to shift to at-home. And so those are the trends. I mean, we don’t have a lot more insight than you do in terms of the data, but those trends are clear to us and that at-home food is going to be higher. And so I am not trying to dodge it just to be acute. Look, it’s just evolving so quickly. And what we don’t know is the depth and we don’t know the duration and a couple of months in, maybe we can give you a better view of what’s going to happen. But right now, to be honest, our primary focus is keeping our employees safe and making sure that we can deliver all the food that our consumers and retailers are demanding of us. And so far we have done a really good job on both accounts.
Jeff Harmening: So let me give you a broad stroke. And we are kind of reiterating a little bit of what Kofi said and that for us to get to the high end of our guidance, it would assume that we would see elevated levels of demand for the remainder of the quarter and our at-home food consumption and we would see a drop in our consumption in C&F. And then at-home demand will be both here in the U.S. and as well as Canada and Europe. The midpoint would assume that we have seen the strong demand to-date, but that demand would tail off either because consumers have stocked up or retailers are stocked up or the virus is under control on a relatively short period of time. So that would be the midpoint of our estimate.
Jeff Harmening: So yes, we are really pleased to have Jaime Montemayor on board as our new Chief Digital and Technology Officer. He has had a heck of a first few weeks as everybody in the world starts working from home and we keep our systems going. Jaime is going to be terrific and he’ll continue the work that we’ve already started. And I think, for me, whatever you do on the digital technology front, needs to follow your business strategy and what you’re doing from a business standpoint. And to the extent, we’re doing strategic revenue management and we’re doing more specific marketing and scale. So through things like boxed out for education or our websites or through e-commerce. I think on the revenue generation front, what you will see is the enablement – technology enabling us to do things we wouldn’t be able to do before in better ways than we’re able to do before. And then correspondingly, on the cost side, because I think there benefit – there’ll be benefits eventually in the cost side, things like global procurement, we have been doing that and we’ve seen tremendous savings from that and actually been able to generate the same kind of HMM with lower capital by taking our social and globally. That capability will only be enhanced only be enhanced by the use of technology and the intelligence that affords in order to be to do that more effectively. So the way we’re thinking about it is that, we’re going to do the activities that we’ve done before but the use of technology we’ll be able to do it in a way that is more efficient and more effective than we’ve done it before. And so, it’s not – we are not chasing technology for its own sake but using it to build on business strategies we already have in place.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So, on the first question as what we have seen in Asia, does it inform how we think about this now? I mean, I think it informs how we think about what we’re going to see, but I don’t know there’s going to be a one-to-one correlation between what we saw in China. I mean, every market is a little bit unique and how they transfer food and food habits and so forth. But certainly, it informs our view and tells us that away from home consumption was certainly going to increase, we believe, over the short-term based on what we’ve seen there. So it has informed our view on that. In terms of retail inventories, no, we did not stock up retail inventories before the end of the third quarter in anticipation of what was going to happen in the U.S. We didn’t take them down either. We were kind of running normal inventory levels and the change of pace on consumer habits and the spread of the virus has been the likes of which we have never seen. And so, we’re reacting real-time and we’re acting very well. But no, we did not come into the quarter with elevated levels of inventory in the US or frankly, anywhere.
Jeff Harmening: Well, this is Jeff. I would say first is that, the honest truth is, over the past month we’ve been focused on the near-term and delivering what we need to for – delivering for the near-term and executing really well and it’s not like we haven’t had any thoughts in the future, but frankly, to get in the future we need to execute on the now. So we have been – we went wildly focused on that. I would say that, for the relatively current period, Jon Nudi, I think mentioned it, but our brands are actually well positioned in that, or one or two in our categories. And as people look for things, they know in times like these our brands tend to do fairly well because it offers comfort because it’s the brands that they know and they trust. And to the extent that retailers are cutting down on the number of SKUs, they have, in the short-term, in order to make sure they sell through as much product as possible, it’s really helpful to have the top turning brands in the category, which – the categories, which we do. So, in the short-term, we feel like we’re in a good position to both serve our consumers and serve the customers that are eventually going to serve the consumers. In the long-term, look, it has been so long since we had a recession and especially here in the U.S. but certainly, during that time people tend to eat in more and General Mills did quite well, but that was a decade ago. We’ll see how it plays out this time.
Jon Nudi: Yes. So, good morning, Andrew. I guess, the first thing right now, obviously, it’s a really fluid situation. So the bulk of our time is spent on working with the retail partners and servicing the business. That being said, as Jeff mentioned, we have worked hard over the last few years to renovate the majority of our product lines. If you think about refrigerated baked goods, we’ve touched the bulk of that business which is big, important and profitable for us. Cereal has been renovated as well. So we do believe it’s an opportunity, perhaps as consumers come back and try our products again after several years to see the products in the improvements that we have made and ultimately hopefully drive penetration for the long-term.
Jon Nudi: Hi, David. This is Jon. I’ll take the first question. In terms of promotional activity, what I would say is, we’re in very close communication with all of our retail partners. And again, it’s a very dynamic time. So a lot of those discussions right now we’re about servicing the business and really the day to day. At the same time, we are talking about promotional calendars and I think each retailer is starting to think that through, both short-term and long-term. At some of our retail customers, we have pulled back merchandising in April jointly and others were just beginning that conversations. So again, ultimately it’s a partnership. We are working hand-in-hand that communication with retailers right now was the best I have ever seen in terms of partnership. We are all trying to do the same thing and it’s feed our consumers. So that will be a conversation I think that will continue and again we are starting to pullback a bit in April, I think that conversation again will continue as we move forward.
Jon Nudi: Yes. So, I would say, Alexia, we have seen broad-based demand across all channels. Certainly, e-commerce is spiking. Big picture, it’s still a relatively small channel in the U.S. So, even though we are seeing more demand there, it’s something we can clearly service more working with those customers to make sure they have the product that they need. But again, as this thing has progressed over the last couple of weeks, I think you saw certain channels strengthen first and as of the last week or so, I would say we see broad-based demand across all channels in the U.S.
Jon Nudi: Hi, this is Jon Nudi. So let me take a crack at that for how we’re thinking about in North America. I would say, first of all, again, it’s about – our first priority is the safety of our employees and food safety and we’re very focused on that. Our plants are running very well right now. Again, near capacity and actually running ahead of the throughputs that we had planned over the last couple of weeks, which is terrific. We have a control tower in place across North America, that’s actually looking at all of our businesses. So balancing our North America Retail businesses, our Convenience & Foodservice and Pet as well. And that control tower is a live group of people and systems that are working 24/7 and really balancing where we are seeing demand, what lines are running and what products are running. The other thing I would tell you is that, we’re working very, very closely with our retail partners. And the partnership has been terrific. So, we’re talking about how we can simplify the supply chain. In some cases, that might mean running fewer SKUs or running the big SKUs of soup and not running some of the tail brands, and there’s significant time required to change lines. Talking about shipping, full pallet quantities as opposed to mix layers on pallets to customers and then making trade-offs around DSD, direct store deliveries, for our retailers, that’s actually a very good thing. For us, it gets to be a bit more challenging as it takes throughput out of our system. So, we’re having live conversations, I mentioned earlier, I’ve had conversations with top retail senior execs that are big customers and the partnership is really good. So, as of today, again, it’s something that we’re looking at on an hourly basis. We continue to stay tight with our retail partners and we believe that we’ll be able to serve our consumers for the short and long-term.
Kofi Bruce: Yes, absolutely, David. So just as context, the low end of our guidance would assume that the impact of COVID on the balance of the year is effectively a net neutral. And it’s important to maybe set as a frame of reference, where we were at Q2, which is effectively our NAR business on to slightly ahead of expectations, our Pet business on to slightly on expectations, and then we got behind on the other businesses. And although we’re making progress on C&F, EU/AU and ASLA, clearly, the expectation would have driven sort of an aggregate us the lower end of the range as a start point on the top line. So I think what our midpoint then gets us is effectively the at-home channels in NAR and EU/AU would partially offset the drag from ASLA and our expected traffic pressure in our away from home business on C&F. And then, obviously, at the high end, we would expect the trends we’re seeing in March that are reflected in the midpoint of our range to stick through the balance of the year.
Kofi Bruce: Sure, Alexia. This is Kofi. So in the third quarter, we were up in the high-teens percent in line with what we sort of telegraphed at the end of our Q2 earning release, I would expect our fourth quarter will look similar to slightly up in relation to the third quarter.
Kofi Bruce: Yes. Well, certainly North America, it’s a co-mingled supply chain. So I think net-net, we would expect that the balance of our at-home business increase to more than offset any of the – any potential drag. So I would just reiterate our plan – we expect our plans to be fully – close to fully utilized, during this period.
Kofi Bruce: Yes. I think, Bryan, great question. I would just start by reminding you, we’re probably about 90% plus hedged at this point. So we have a pretty fixed structure through the balance of the year. I think that said, I think I would just refer you back to my earlier comments, I would expect our inflation to round up to 4%. So it is slightly favorable to our expectations at the start of the year based on sort of the trend line and what we’re realizing in our cost base.
