Kris Wenker: Good afternoon everybody. I’m here with Don Mulligan, our CFO, and he’s going to discuss our fourth quarter and full year fiscal '10 results and then cover the key financial targets and assumptions for fiscal '11. We hope you'll join us on Thursday as well; that's when Don, Ken Powell and our other senior leaders will provide a detailed review of our 2011 plan. That webcast will start Thursday morning at 7.45 Central, so 8.45 Eastern. Our press release on fiscal 2010 results was issued over the wire services about a half hour ago. It's also posted on our website if you still need a copy. We've put flags out on the web; they supplement Don's prepared remarks for today. And I'll remind you, those remarks include forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that I’ll turn you over to Don.
Kris Wenker: One other piece of context that might be helpful. We usually give you guideline to trade cost per case, and as you know for us it has been coming down for several years. We started the year this year with a goal to hold it flat. At mid-year we told that, no, we're going to have to make some tactical changes here. We ended up, up 1%. So it's a modest increase in cost per case, and you can see we got volume response to that. And the overall levels, if we look at next year, we see that trade environment probably moderating as the year goes on.
Kris Wenker: So, if you put it all together, Eric, then you model interest expense for next year down mid single digit. That should put you in the hunt.
Kris Wenker: This year at (inaudible), sorry I have the fourth quarter numbers in my hand, not so much category stuff.
Kris Wenker: You want to think about sort of level of growth for the international segments of '11, you know you want to think about sales growth mid-single digit operating profit, double digit.
Kris Wenker: To the specific question, yes, and you're going to hear John Church sort of re-endorse those three and ten-year HMM goals on Thursday, and you'll probably hear each of the operators talk a little bit about HMM and feeling good about it in their plans.
Kris Wenker: There'll be room for more. On the swing in pension expense, nobody has quite put their finger on this, but I want to make sure you should have had income from pension and post-retirement in this year, so we're talking about a $100 million swing into next year.
Kris Wenker: We're a little bit over. Let's take one more, and then of course you'll have us (to dial) again on Thursday.
Kris Wenker: Thank you everybody. Appreciate your time and sorry we're not getting through everybody here but we're up to the hour. So save those good questions and we'll see you on Wednesday night/Thursday morning if you're coming in. Otherwise you'll catch us on the webcast Thursday morning. Thank you very much.
Don Mulligan: Certainly. I think your view of the environment is maybe colored a little bit I think by the categories that you play in and the positions you have in those categories. And what we see in our categories is, while there is certainly some challenge on pricing given the deflationary environment that most of us have experienced in the past year, what we also see is that volume traffic into our categories continues. And as we bring new products, as we increase our brand support, we continue to see traffic in our categories which you'll see when you look at our pound movement that I just spoke to, or if you look at our baseline growth that's measured in Nielsen. So it is a challenging environment in terms of the deflationary aspects and certainly from a recession standpoint, some of the pressure and the consumer. But as we look at our categories, we see opportunity grow, we've seen that growth. Again, as we continue to play our game plan along new products, along bringing customer benefits to drive traffic into their stores, and then the growth that we expect to see and some flexibility I guess I should say, essentially in pricing as inflation begins to return, as we talked about we expect for 2011. In terms of the split between measured and non-measured, we continue to see more rapid growth in non-measured channels, in club stores, in Wal-Mart. That's a continuation of a trend; you see that in our numbers as well, the split between the Nielsen and the non-measured growth. We don't see that difference necessarily changing as we look forward. We certainly continue to expect to see growth in the traditional channels, but we expect to see the non-measured continue to grow at a slightly more rapid rate, just given the slightly different offering that they have for the consumer.
Don Mulligan: Yes, I think that's a fair assessment. As we look at our year, we think the rest of the calendar 2010 is going to be a bit more like what you've seen for the last couple of quarters. We think if people start seeing inflation that will begin to change in the back part of our fiscal year. That's what our plans would look like.
Don Mulligan: A couple of things on the gross margin. The largest dynamic in the quarter for the margin was clearly the fact that we went from a positive price mix last year about 5% as we still continue to see some carryover pricing from earlier in 2009 to minus 3% this quarter, which was clearly a reflection of where inflation was going to a great extent. I think the important thing also I understand is that as we look at our price mix over an extended period of time, we have been pretty restrained in that and we've been able to because of HMM. In the past year our gross margin has improved by 330 basis points. Over two years that's over 400, almost 450 basis points. And that's largely driven by HMM pricing. Nielsen, for example over those two years, we've taken less than a percent of pricing, and our peers, which are about 2%, and actually retailer brands which are close to the 5%. So what you saw in the fourth quarter was a bit of us making sure that we had our merchandized levels right, as we exit the year and enter the New Year. And that's something we had anticipated as 2009 unfolded. We talked about that I think prior to media meeting, when we looked at the environment, is that we always try and get more promotion on the back half as everyone is seeing deflation. We're not going to lead pricing, but we have to be in a certain price zone to beat competitors. And that's what you saw us do really in the last half of the year. As we look to next year, as I just mentioned to Dave, we expect to see some pricing opportunity as the year unfolds, as inflation is being seen by our competitors and by our retailers for their retail brand. So we would expect that complexion to change as fiscal 2011 unfolds.
Don Mulligan: Yes, that's a fair statement. And I think you'll get probably get a kind of much better feel for our broader plans on Thursday, when you have a chance to hear from Ian, and Kris, and John and many of our division Presidents. And our plan for next year is founded on the same kind of growth that drove us this year, which is around new products, ever more impactful advertising. And that's where we're going to be leading into next year. It's not going to be a price game.
Don Mulligan: Yes, Terry, there's one other aspect, I think as you look at our fourth quarter particulars is, last year fourth quarter was one of our lighter quarters from a merchandizing standpoint. So there's a bit of a year-over-year comparison. If you look at the quarter alone, I think that kind of the full year trends that Chris was alluding to, but if we look at F10 and as we think about F11, are probably more representative of where you'll see us go.
Don Mulligan: As far as inflation, many of the items that we saw favorably impacted this year are starting to reverse in the energy markets. As they flow through that we'll see it resin packaging, we see it in the dairy market, a little bit in sugar as well. Those are the key drivers as we look at the inflation. Quite obvious, as we look at our buying in 2010, the positions that we took played out quite well for us and we actually, as we then audited our position for 2010, there are many markets, many categories where we bought below market. And so as you model us versus market, you really end up taking up kind of hedge positions favorably impacted our 2010 cost, which then have a knockout effect in 2011. That's how you get to the 4% and 5%. As far as your hedge, we're about 50% hedged as we enter the year. We have a pretty good line of sight on where that is; it does leave about half the year open.
Don Mulligan: Well, I'll start with fact with the fact that we don't think there's anything wrong with the cereal category. The pound volume actually is up in the category. Clearly, some (inaudible) particularly has been promotional. They have probably said they are going to stop some of the more inefficient spending they've seen, which we believe they will do. We're fine in our position; in our base lines we are growing, our core brands are healthy, our new products are performing well, our share is up, we feel very good about the category and our place in it.
Don Mulligan: Yes. The 4% to 5% was average it up '11 versus the average graph '10. What we bought in F10 is based on the (inaudible) positions that we would have taken to early in calendar 2009. If you look at the 12 months of fiscal 2010 compared to the outlook for the markets for our fiscal 2011 you can see that those categories that I mentioned energy, dairy, resin packaging, sugar, are up year-over-year. Some of the grains are kind of, there is a mixed bag of the probably close to the neutral. And so, we'll see that throughout the year, this isn't what I mentioned about, our expectation is that you will probably see less promotion and maybe a little bit of pricing in the back part of the year. That wasn't to infer our inflation is necessarily is back loaded. We think that's when the pricing will be more likely to come through.
Don Mulligan: I don't know if I'd go there, but certainly if there is going to be deflation, as we and others have experienced is not surprising that in a recessionary environment some of that is going to be returning to the consumer in terms of some merchandise activity, promotional activity. But in the long term, we believe that the environment is going to be inflationary, we're again projected to see that started in 2011. It's an industry that has seen pricing even when inflation has been relatively low and it's not just driven by cost necessarily, it's not just cost plus, it's because new benefits are being brought to brands and into products. And I think you will continue to see that. And so this is more of a return to the norm than it is with the last two to three years is been, which has been very volatile with both cost and as we love prices going up and down a little bit more sharply than we've seen historically.
Don Mulligan: We are in a very competitive environment. So, every year you go into as a CFO I always have some concerns about how the year is going to unfold. But what I can tell you is, coming out of what is three to four years now a very strong performance, we have tremendous momentum and that's not just in the financial results, it's beyond that, it's what the consumers in terms of our share position, our brand equity with the consumers is certainly in our relationship with customer and a role of replay with them which is reflected in everything from the category (captaincies) we earn, the distribution gains we have, the kind of results we get in Cannondale surveys for example. And that's across all three of our business segments; takes different forms, but it's across USRO bakeries and foodservice and international. And that's why we showed you the split of businesses by division or by geography, international or by segment within bakeries and food service you see growth across all of our businesses and that momentum which has earned over time is not easily reversed and that's what gives me confidence as we come into the year that we're well positioned to deliver on our model.
Don Mulligan: Correct, and a couple of things I'd add to that. one is we expect to see a reduction in our interest expense next year, because we will not have that $0.04 or $40 million charge in our numbers next year. We will expect to see lower interest expense because we took out debt that was causing us 5.5% to 5.8% and refinance with CP, but the offset to that if you recall, we did a 30 year bond offering at the end of May. And that was $500 million which is at 5.4% that's going to offset the savings on the refinancing. Essentially the way to think about it is we had debt to hedge two years of maturity and we refinanced it for after 28 years at a slightly lower interest rate. And we did that because interest environment is so attractive right now, we want to tap in and actually do our first ever 30 year bond.
Don Mulligan: Yes, it's a good question. First of all your macro view of the accounting is right. The discount rate that essentially increases the liability, the present value of the future liabilities on today's books and triggers that higher non-cash expense next year. The reason we didn't fund it with cash, quite honestly because it is being driven by abnormally and historically low discount rates or interest rates. And we're expecting every major bank expects long-term rates to be higher a year from now or two years from now. And if that interest rate increases our discount rates increase the liability hence the expense will decrease. So if you will, the fact that we had a higher liability now is a little bit transitory in nature as interest rates we were to I think were historically normal levels.
Don Mulligan: Yes, I guess, fundamentally as I said, our pension as interest rates increase, our pension will be fully funded. And as we look at where we want to put cash, we think there's a higher return in buying GIS as there is in putting cash into the pension.
Don Mulligan: It was really fourth quarter last year, margins expanded, Kris check me this 450 points, 475 points. So we are starting to lap when we started seeing real step up in our gross margins. And it allows a combination of inflation was decelerating at that point and we still had some of the residual pricing benefit from earlier in the year versus this quarter, where our deflation is lower and we have some of that negative price fix that we talked about that is really some of the tactical promotion activity. That's the major driver between the two years.
Don Mulligan: I don't have that number in front on me Rob. I'm confident if you look at us versus the food and bev, you'll still see a higher growth rate, but I don't have the number in front of me right now to make the comparison.
Don Mulligan: I don't have the total food and bev university. So can we get the last full year our fiscal year growth was around 2% in dollars, 2.5% in units, and this is all measured. So you would obviously add up two points roughly to that to get the total universe. And then in last four weeks at least, kind of, roughly the same dollar growth in units up almost 4% that speaks to the effectiveness of the promotional activity. So again, you'd add probably couple of points to get to the total universe growth rate.
Don Mulligan: Our relationship with Wal-Mart remains very strong. You know that we really seen that relationship develop for the last six or seven years and it's focused on growing the categories and their business and helping them grow their food business, which is now obviously a majority of their sales in the U.S. It's the formula that we've been using with all of our retail partners, i.e. bringing our category our sales capabilities, category management shopper insights to help drive category growth and drive shoppers into their store. (inaudible) where they can work and we have some events whether it's back to school or the box tops events. And with the focus on supporting our brands through new products to grant investment so we're driving baseline growth, which should get us more profitable for us and for them. And that formula has worked well with Wal-mart for a number of years and works well across many of our retail partners.
Don Mulligan: We have embedded in our interest expense this year the $40 million for the debt tender for the refinancing that will reoccur next year. Next year we do plan to grow our debt. And we do plan for commercial paper rates to increase as the year unfolds, which is essentially where the forward market is. So those two are going to increase interest expense. The net of all that is the single digit decrease in total interest expense.
Don Mulligan: Well as I mentioned earlier, as we look across our categories on a two year basis. And our prices are up less than 1% and private labels up almost 5%. So we've seen that gap narrow, one of the areas that we have been very focused on is insuring that we have the right price gaps, whether it's versus private label or versus our key branded competitors. In most of our categories we are largely where we want to be and will continue to make sure we're in that zone during 2011.
Don Mulligan: Yes. Sure I think I got to get around a map. Canada had a tremendously strong 2010. The business in Canada from a category standpoint is a little bit narrow, but is probably the closest we have in the U.S. in terms of multiple categories, being led this year by cereal, grain snacks. We picked up a whole percentage point of share in cereal during the course of the year. And the game plan there again is similar to what we do on a company wide basis, which is driving HMM reinvesting back in the business. In brand advertising and new product launches. And that has been the successful in Canada, is what we've seen in our larger U.S. business. China has been a tremendously strong performer for us as well. We have two great lines of business there between Haagen-Dazs and Wanchai Ferry. In emerging business in snacks both in bugles and in fruit snacks. And in combination of both penetration in the core markets that we've been in as well as geographic expansion has continued to allow that business to grow at 20% plus on the top-line and again at a profitable pace as well. And that continues unabated, the economy in China continues to be robust. And in Western Europe, it's clearly a tougher goal; the economy is much choppier, but we did as I showed you in 2010, we did drive sales growth on a constant currency basis in Europe. So we feel good about that. We feel good about the portfolio of businesses that we have in the brands that we have in Europe, and we expect to drive growth again in 2011 in Europe as well as the other markets I just talked about as well. So I talked too about what gives me confidence as we come into the year. It's the broad strength we have across our portfolio that's in the divisions in the U.S., it's in the customer segments in our bakeries and foodservice business and it's across our geographies internationally.
Don Mulligan: Well, we did stay on track in 2011, we are going to continue on that track. Our cost savings are pretty widespread, so that's necessarily lumpy, we are going to see a big change from quarter to quarter. Let's say, Q4 should be represented what we saw in the prior three quarters.
Don Mulligan: Yeah, that's very fundamental to our business model, and the commitments that we made in January remain very valid for us today. We're on track to deliver them.
Don Mulligan: Well, as I said, the primary reason is a change in inflation from one year to the other; you know, decelerating last year, accelerating this year and then the price mix movement as well, which again we had carryover benefits in Q4 last year which I'll describe, you know 450 plus basis point improvement in gross margin where we had some negative price mix this year. Those are the primary drivers. In this we had other smaller things. We mentioned some capital projects; they are underway. Those come with some project expenses. Those are going to come through the P&L as well, and that type of expense can be lumpy quarter to quarter. But the primary is what I mentioned earlier in terms of the dynamic between the large increase we saw in gross margin last year in the fourth quarter, because the inflation pricing relationship versus our fourth quarter this year.
Don Mulligan: It will be beneficial to the margin. As we look at next year, with inflation being in that 4% to 5% range, you see where the HMM benefit has been, you see a way to basically comparable gross margins that we had this year on a full year basis.
Don Mulligan: There was no termination date for the authorization, but our business model is based on reducing our share count by 2% a year, and that's what we expect during 2011.
Don Mulligan: No, actually we'll be down in 2011, probably down in the single digits. The primary reason is the fact that as we look at our portfolio and the work that we've done over the past four or five years, we're very happy with our portfolio and there isn't a lot that we see that needs to be fueled off or restructured at this point. So we are budgeting actually for a much smaller restructuring number in 2011.
Don Mulligan: Correct. So we have a number of benefits, and then we obviously have the pension offset, which allows us to still deliver on model for the full year.
Don Mulligan: That number is typically looked at better on a full year basis. What it does, it captures a lot of variances from what charge-out rate is to the division. But if you look at it, where you actually see a similar dynamic, where if you take out the mark-to-market, it's down about $25 million. And the primary driver of that is that we had some corporate investments that were losses last year and gains this year. So we had about $35 million in losses in 2009 and about $13 million in gains in 2010, so about $50 million or $48 million swing. That explains most of that. We also had the recovery of our Argentine plant insurance settlement in 2009, which was $41 million. So if you had to net all that out, you're essentially flat for the year within $10 or $15 million of being flat year-over-year.
Don Mulligan: They're typically small holdings we may have in some strategic investments that we may have that are providing some capabilities for us, and they provide capabilities for a certain amount of time and then we'll monetize that investment.
