Ian R. Friendly: Andrew, it's Ian. I think, over the entire portfolio, we'd expect it more to be relatively stable over the second half. There may be some select categories where it will be modestly down, primarily in categories where our merchandising efforts are more back-half loaded. But I think the general trend for us would be relatively flat.
Ian R. Friendly: Yes. What we're seeing still is, I think, over the entire category through December and what I expect in the second half as well is very modest but inflationary trends, both on the consumer prices as we see it so far. And also as you look at input prices, I think some of the impact of the drought will obviously weigh on all competitors' minds as we look at what can be done in the market. So I think stability to very, very modest inflation is probably a decent outlook.
Ian R. Friendly: Indirectly, Eric. The thing that we restored was merchandising at our traditional price points on Yoplait. So it wasn't a price list reduction. But effectively, on our core cup business, it is getting our prices back in line with the competitive set. And so as you noted, that has an impact on the dollar side and a very positive impact on the unit side.
Ian R. Friendly: I could tell you it got progressively better in yogurt. And as I showed on the chart, our turns, which is net of distribution, our turns became nicely positive on our core cup business.
Ian R. Friendly: I think our strategy hasn't been so much a high-priced one. It's been in the value-added area. But cereal overall represents such a good value to the consumer. I think it really gets down to, "Are the benefits relevant?" But again, if you look at the price point of our various Cheerios extensions, I think you'd see that they're very competitive within the category. So we don't look at that lens. I don't view that we need to be in ultra-discounted cereal products. But at all times, we're very cognizant of making sure our new cereals represent a good value and in line with the rest of the category. We're not really trying to stretch it up either.
Ian R. Friendly: Not really. I mean, that's always been true, and some of that has to do with -- historically, with portfolio makeup because we were in a bit light -- because a lot of our portfolio is Cheerios, which is based in puffed products, which those analyses tend to be done on a weight basis. And so in general, it's always shown us to be a bit more higher priced per ounce. But I would say that's a historical legacy, not anything we're trying to push one way or the other.
Ian R. Friendly: Yes. This is Ian, Jason. As it relates to at least the U.S. portfolio, and I don't think it's too different for the company, but I'll let Ken comment on that, we target somewhere between, on an annual basis, 4.5% to 5%, so that's what we typically talk on an annual. But if you want to do 3 year, you could multiply that out. And we're right on track with that. In fact, our -- I would say our percent of business coming from new products has been pretty strong and robust for us, and so that is generally where we want to be. And Ken, I don't know if there's a statistic you want to quote for that.
Ian R. Friendly: Yes. Well, thank you for that, and I suppose I should switch my data to IRI data because, at least from my standpoint, we haven't quite stabilized our share yet. But thank you for that. But it is getting -- what you said is quite true. It is getting sequentially better, and I expect it in the back half to continue to get sequentially better. It's a very volatile category. I think the jury is out. We'll have to look in May to see if -- for the year, how it all nets out. I would expect that every period in the back half gets better. As I shared in my remarks, our Greek business seems to be really gaining nice traction, and our core business is stabilizing well. So I'm guardedly optimistic around our share in the back half. But I think we're still kind of progressing from what had been a more challenging place. And the good...
Ian R. Friendly: Sorry, Chris. The other good thing that's important and hard to predict in some ways is all of this activity by us and competitors is a great stimulant for a very vibrant category growth. And so that will be the other variable in all of this is how quick the yogurt category grows, which I would expect should be pretty good.
Ian R. Friendly: Well, in the case of core cup, I think it's more about stabilizing because that has been losing share as Greek came to the market. It had to come from something, and it came from the largest player, which was our core cup business. So stabilizing that, I think, prevents the minus, and I think the plus comes from the innovation, which is largely in the Greek category, although not entirely.
Ian R. Friendly: Well, this is Ian. On -- let me separate those 2. We're delighted with the soup category. Our business is strong. We focused fairly hard on part of the category -- the growing part of the category, the ready-to-serve part of the category. And we do think it's pretty rational, and it's about providing consumers great-tasting products and benefits. And we do think it's fairly rational in how it's playing out, and we're seeing a lot of strength in our business. So very pleased with that part of the soup category. Cereal is also, I would say, largely rational. It was a bit more promotional in the first half in terms of frequency of promotion, but I wouldn't characterize it as irrational. And as I said earlier, I think given the cost structure of the grain complex from the drought last year, I think it will remain highly rational in the back half. And it is good to see, I think, the major competitors bringing good innovation to market and competing largely on that basis.
Ian R. Friendly: Well, I think in frozen, it's such a big area of activity. It's been a part that has been slower at retail this past year, to be fair, across frozen. But you really have to almost look at it segment by segment to talk about what's going on. And then I think you've characterized it reasonably well. For us, the vegetable part, it's a very big category, a bit lower growth, but the innovation, when it comes through, helps a lot, and it’s very much on trend, which is a good thing. Other parts, pizza, we're the leading seller of -- in terms of volume of pizza in the category. We compete in just one part of it. And it's on the value side, which is kind of in sync with the times. And then we have other kind of very targeted things like frozen hot snacks, which we had a terrific first half on. And so that just got down to good items, good marketing that resonate with the consumer. I don't know if there's a category trend on it.
Ian R. Friendly: Well, that is -- the cereal category has always been highly responsive to consumer marketing support and good ideas, as trite as that might sound. And that's kind of what we look at. We do a lot of upfront research. We do a lot of in-market experimentation and analysis, and we try and put our money behind our best ideas. And it's a brand-by-brand kind of activity. And you're quite right. I mean, we're seeing some very nice progress on a variety of our brands around great consumer ideas. And when we have them, we do put the pedal to the metal without a doubt.
Ian R. Friendly: We, in the past -- we, a few years ago, put advertising behind Multi Grain Cheerios after many years and saw that thing take off like a rocket. The Lucky Charms story has also got something to do with finding additional targets. So advertising a lot of these previously kid-targeted brands also to the adult consumption, which they have very high levels of adult consumption, is true on Lucky Charms, true on Cinnamon Toast. And so yes, I think there are certainly many opportunities to add consumer support in the cereal category on different brands behind good ideas.
Ian R. Friendly: Yes. We -- our baking mix business is, so far, off to a really good start to the season. It is still, for parts of the portfolio, kind of midway in the season. And we had a really good November. I think you can see that in the data. And as I said in my prepared remarks around both our refrigerated dough business, it's been very responsive to the Let the Making Begin campaign, and our dry mix has also had a very good response to the marketing. So, so far, so good. We like what we're seeing, and it seems to be going well.
Ian R. Friendly: Yes, I'd say there was a little bit of a surprise in our Q2, not a lot. We expected Q1 to be down, which we, I think, talked about at the beginning of the year. We thought more of our promotional plan would start showing up throughout Q2. It started showing up largely towards the end of Q2 and going here into December. And so we're seeing cereal, as I commented, sequentially pick up. But we didn't quite get all that we expected. And again, it had a lot to do with just higher levels of competitive -- certain competitive frequencies in that particular quarter. It will all, I think, come out in the year. Primarily some of that stuff was pushed into December and into the back half for us. So it will be a different flow than we anticipated, but I would anticipate that by year-end it will pretty much be where we thought.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Eric, I appreciate the questions. I don't have any figure for you on that regard. We are very satisfied with our pension accounting. We try to be very clear externally in terms of what is moving that expense number. And obviously, we make clear, as you alluded to, that it's a noncash number. And so we'll continue to provide that clarity, but we have no plans at this time to change our reporting practices.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, let's separate the 2 because with Yoki, it would strictly be translation. And our total expectations for foreign exchange is, year-to-date, it’s been relatively neutral on EPS, and we don't see that necessarily changing as the year unfolds for our total portfolio. Venezuela is a different issue. Because of the accounting treatment for a hyperinflationary country like Venezuela, there's a balance sheet implication as well. And so as we've seen consensus analyst estimates of what that devaluation will be --it's estimated in the range of 45 to 50 from the studies that -- 45% to 50% from the studies we've seen and that it’s again expected to happen sometime in early calendar 2013, we've estimated the impact to us and factored that into our outlook, and it will be a couple of cents drag on our EPS this fiscal year.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Sure. I'll touch on both of those, sales first. The sales guidance is all in. If you look at our trends year-to-date and then look at the balance of the year, we see our full year expectation at mid-single digits for total company sales. As far as our performance in the first half, as we mentioned, we did slightly outperform our plan. A few factors drove that. Clearly, the international momentum that we've seen has been -- continues to be very robust. Our Bakeries and Foodservice business, particularly the mix of products and channels that we're selling, was favorable to our expectations. Across the company, we knew it was going to be a challenging year, and I think everybody has just kind of made sure, from an expense standpoint, we've managed that appropriately. That’s had some benefit. And then interest rates and tax rates have played in our favor. Interest rates because of the market, tax rates because of some timing of discrete items that we have every year that we had baked into our full year forecast with some other favorable items hit earlier in the year that we had anticipated. So those are a number of factors that ended up accumulating to a favorable result in the first half. In the second half, we've noted a couple of things. One, inflation will be higher than our original expectations. That's backloaded because we had some hedge positions that covered us in the front half, but the drought costs from last summer we'll start seeing come through in the second half. So you'll see gross margin -- we'll see some gross margin pressure. Tax rates, again, we're -- we had -- from a phasing standpoint, we had some favorability in the first half that will normalize in the second half, and still, we’ll get to our 33% tax rate for the full year. And then, as I mentioned, the devaluation of the bolivar, which is -- will be a couple of cent drag in the back half as well. So kind of take that all into consideration, that gives us confidence to increase our guidance by the -- increase the range up to plus $0.02 from our original guidance.
Donal Leo Mulligan: I wouldn't point to any one area. Certainly, our -- the new businesses that we're bringing in are coming in just as we planned, so I certainly wouldn't highlight those. It's a tough environment, and we’ve set some -- we thought were reasonable sales plans. We're delivering largely against those. But we're -- it's a little bit short on the top line, but we're ensuring that the bottom line comes in. That's what I'd say about there. In terms of interest rates, we came to the year assuming that all in, they'd be up a bit. It is likely that it is -- on a full year basis, our interest expense will be down a little bit year-over-year. And again, that's attributable to both the timing of any long-term issue we do, as well as the marketplace rates.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. It's an incremental number. And with erosion, if you wanted to accumulate it over a 3-year period, it would be in the low-double digits. It's going to be 4% to 5% a year, and if you do it over 3 years, it's going to be in that kind of 11%, 12% range.
Donal Leo Mulligan: It would be a little bit below our full year projections in the first half, not tremendously below, but slightly below.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. The 4% that we reported in the quarter is not materially off where we were last year in the same mid-single digit range. But to the extent that there's any slowing, it's just on the margin.
Kendall J. Powell: David, it's Ken. So Ian says I get to start this one. But -- so it wasn't -- I mean, the weather last year was certainly or likely a factor for soup sales because we know that, that's a little bit weather-related. But by far, the dominant factor over last year was the pricing that we began to take early in the calendar year, which had all the effects that you're very well aware of. We had high inflation, we took very significant price increases, and that resulted in a volume impact across many of our categories. And so that was, I think, the big event of our last fiscal year. And as we adjust those prices tactically, as we said in the presentation, really to restore the gap where it needed to be restored, we're seeing those businesses respond as we thought that they would. We're seeing baselines strengthen, and we're getting the merchandising lift as well. So it's really more about the pricing and inflation dynamic of the last 2 years that is driving the fundamental trends in our categories.
Kendall J. Powell: No, no. 4% to 5% is what we target, and we think we'll be very much in that range, Jason. I mean, we're also very focused on -- another metric for us is incrementality. So we want to make sure that we're launching products that are bringing new consumers into their franchise, and we're -- we've steadily improved that number. Margin is another key metric for us, and we want to make sure that the business model is sound for all the new products that we're launching. And so we have very good metrics and discipline about the quality of the new products that we launched, and we're very much in the range. And as you said, we're pleased with what we launched in the first half. We like what we've got in the second half. We think the new cereals, Honey Nut Medley Crunch, we think, will be very good. The new Fiber One product we think is good. We're very happy that we're going to be bringing 2 more new flavors to Yoplait Greek 100. As you heard Ian mention, that is off to quite a nice start, and consumers love variety in the yogurt category. So we're getting back to them as quickly as we can, and so it offers them variety. It will also give us increased visibility and holding power at the shelf. So that becomes a virtuous cycle for us. So we're generally pleased with our new product performance so far this year and have -- we'll be continuing the momentum here as we go into the second half.
Kendall J. Powell: So Ken, I'll just -- since several people have -- a few people have asked about strategy in the cereal category and differentiation. I mean, they're very good questions and we like them, and they go to the heart of what we're all about. We have a highly differentiated line of great brands, and they are -- we know that they're responsive to advertising and to good ideas, and that's why our strategy really is so focused on capitalizing on that innovation, strengthening it, figuring out fresh new ways to talk about it because, as you point out, there are many examples in the category, all the time, of brands that have had fresh messages, and they really respond. So you're on the right point, and that's what we're very focused on doing.
