Jon Nudi: Yes, sure. Good morning, Chris. In terms of competing effectively, I agree with Jeff, we really like our marketing, we like our new products. The only other thing I would add is our share distribution is up nicely and that’s a key metric that we look at. So, we do believe that we will be able to compete effectively. In terms of inventory, if you remember in Q4, we had our RNS about 9 points behind our movement. As we move through Q1. we got it back a little over 3 points of that. So, we do believe there will be some more inventory coming our way as we move throughout the year. Important to note that it won’t all come in Q2, we still have some platforms like soup and baking mixes that we are capacity constrained on, so we think that by Q4 we should be back to healthy service levels and that inventory will flow through the rest of our fiscal year.
Jon Nudi: And Chris, I would say in the categories that we’re constrained generally, the entire industry is, so I think you will see our marketing levels remain strong. We believe that building our brands is something that we need to be consistent on, and that will be good for the short-term and the long-term. I think from a promotional standpoint, you will still see similar frequency to last year, but in some cases, less depth. And as we are working with our retail partners, that’s where we are focused on at this point.
Jon Nudi: No, I completely agree with that. Jeff, I think the only thing I would add to is we have gotten I think smarter in terms of renovation, instead of blanket renovations across categories, for example, a few years back and cereal kicking up artificial flavors and colors. I think we are very targeted now, and also if you look at yogurt, we are seeing great growth in original style Yoplait, because we know that consumer cares a lot about fruit and put more fruit in and we are seeing great growth in the top line and we are growing share. So, the renovation work continues. I think we have gotten smarter and I think we will continue to benefit as we move forward as a result.
Jon Nudi: Yes, sure, David. Thanks for the question. So, let me start by just saying we feel really good about how we competed in cereal through Q1. So category was up 4, so it did decelerate. I will get to that in a second. We were up 6. We grew about 50 basis points a share and it was actually the 21st straight month that we gained share in the category. We now have four of the top five brands in the category. We had share increases on six of our top seven brands, with the top three new items in the category, with Cheerios Oat Crunch and the Cheerios and Trix Trolls. And we really like our marketing our Heart Health messaging on Cheerios continues to work. Cinnamon Toast Crunch continues to really rock behind a great candid message and we have a new partnership with Chrissy Teigen and John Legend on Chex Mix. So, we love the fundamentals of the business. To your question, the category definitely decelerated from Q4, where we saw growth in the 20% range. And as we really dug into it, one of the things to keep in mind is the comp. So, if you think about last summer, kids were at home. This summer, they were as well. As we move into the fall, we know that only about 25% of kids are actually back in school full time. And we know that when kids are at school, they tend to eat breakfast and lunch, in many cases, at school. So, we would expect the category to pick up as a result in Q2. We are starting to see that in the early days of back-to-school period here and we will continue to watch that very closely. But again, we do expect the category to accelerate as we move through Q2.
Jon Nudi: No, I generally agree with your global thoughts. And I think the thing that we are seeing is that the general direction of categories remains unchanged. So, baking and soup in categories like those remain elevated. Snack bars remaining has headwinds at this point given the away from home nature of that product. So, while we see the growth rates change a bit between Q4 and Q1 as we head into Q2, I think the general direction of those categories are the same. And as Jeff mentioned, until we get a vaccine at scale we would expect continued growth across many of our categories and again, our job now is to compete effectively. We can’t control the category growth rate. What we can control is how we compete in the categories and that’s what we are laser focused on at this point.
Jon Nudi: The only thing I will add is just the facts around North America retail business, so that prior to the pandemic, about 4% of our sales were the e-commerce today, this is about 8%. So again, saw the similar acceleration doubling that Jeff mentioned. We like, again, the consumers that are coming in, in e-commerce, we know that they are satisfied and we expect this to continue to grow. And as Jeff mentioned, we do have over-index versus bricks and mortar. We know that big brands work. So, we are going to continue to invest both in capabilities as well as marketing and retention of these consumers as we move forward.
Jon Nudi: Yes, I am sorry. I figured that was coming my way. So, thank you Ken. So, a couple of things. One is as we look at the category, again, we see some every quarter we see promotional levels change we don’t see anything dramatically different. We still think the category is generally rational. What I would say as you look at the category and think about pricing is not just promotion price really, we are leveraging your entire strategic revenue management toolbox and really focused on pack price architecture. So if you get into the category, you see a lot more cereal sold in larger sizes and we think that’s a really important way to drive price in the category. So, we work with our retail partners. Obviously, it’s a big category, it’s $9 billion that drives a lot of people into the center of the store. So, our retailers do want to promote cereal, it’s important for them. We will continue to work with them. The important thing is that we do believe the category is rational. And at the end of the day one all of the competitors in that space are marketing and innovating. The category tends to do well and we are starting to see some good marketing and some good innovation really across all the major competitors in the category. At this point, yes, we are not seeing anything differential from a promotion standpoint.
Jon Nudi: Yes. So, it really runs the gamut. And so if you think about the North American retail and compete in 25 different categories. And one of the things we have been really trying to do is again understand our consumers in each category and understand what our retailers are looking for in each of those categories. And again, it runs the gamut, if you think about refrigerated baked goods it couldn’t be more pleased with how that business is performing up again north of 30% and Q1 off a very strong Q4. On that one, we know that taste matters. So, we have spent the last few years renovating the product actually putting on some cases fat back into our business to make them taste better and we are seeing our sales increase. And we had our retailers have a limited space. So, that is an area that having extra display space be a bunkers makes a lot of sense. So, working with retailers to put the right promotional plans in place as well as the right vehicles in store at the right times of the year. So, it really – one of the things we have been trying to focus on is being granular and again getting truly understand who our consumers are in each category and getting what retailers are looking for. When you think about cereal, it’s a different category and that’s really been about driving it via strong marketing and partnerships. We think that’s a Heart Health message on cereals and we had a tough run for a couple of years on cereals. Now, we are growing share month after month, but we don’t know what turns the dial. So I can’t speak to one broad thing across all of our categories. What I would say is that the teams are doing a really good job of deeply understanding our consumers, the problems that they have and what they are looking for. And then I think we have done a better job really working in category by category with the retail partners as well and we will continue to do that. The last thing I would say is I don’t think we have some great capabilities. So, we mentioned in the prepared remarks about pillsbury.com and bettycrocker.com, two of the top five food websites for recipes. We are leveraging those differently than we have in the past. So, really talking about how we bring simple meals together teaching consumers how to cook during this time, which I think is important. And then finally, in terms of first-party data box that’s for education is something that we are really excited about. So, we take the program that’s been really successful for over 20 years, we have given almost a $1 billion to schools, but frankly, I was losing some relevancy. So, we digitized it. And the data that we are getting is absolutely incredible. So, we have over 25 million receipts. We get a full scan of the receipt. And as you can imagine that data is very valuable as we build personalized relationships with our consumers serving them up offers to keep them in our products, at the same time understand how it might be able to move them from some competitive items over time as well. So it runs the gamut and it’s really about understanding consumers and then partnering with the retailers.
Jon Nudi: I would say, we are probably still in the early innings. One of the things Jeff did recently was hired a new Head of Data and Analytics for the company and Jaime is going to be a huge help in the short amount of time. One of the things that we are doing to is partnering externally, probably more than we have in the past with some big tech companies that are really helping in the space. So, when we think we have some really unique first-party data, I think we are getting after it more aggressively than we have in the past. So, I think a lot of the benefits are still to come.
Jeff Harmening: So, Rob thanks for the question. You are breaking in and out, but I will try to answer the question I think you asked. But if I missed it, just know that it is because I am not trying to avoid it, just breaking in and out.
Jeff Harmening: On the portfolio shaping, broadly speaking out, I would see us continue to look at portfolio shaping both in terms of divestitures and acquisitions. There is nothing strategically that makes me think that we should change our general approach to divestitures and acquisitions. Clearly, the timing on that has changed as we have been and as we have gone through this pandemic. And the longer-term question of what consumer trends have changed, I think is yet to be answered, because we are still in the middle of the pandemic. And so, we are – we still think that portfolio is shaping both divestitures and acquisitions would be a part of our future. But of course, we are only going to do those things to the extent we think they are going to create shareholder value. Unfortunately, I know you know this, Rob, but I just feel compelled to say it. From the beginning, we haven’t felt compelled to do divestitures, because we think we need to raise cash to pay down debt, and I think today is further evidence of that as our net debt to EBITDA got down to 3 and we resumed dividend growth. So, as we look at divestitures, I will make sure that they are constructive for our shareholders, and there is certainly not a reason not to do that, but not to pay down debt, because you have already done a nice job of that and are already on target.
Jeff Harmening: Andrew, this is Jeff, let me answer. Let me take a summary perspective on this and then Kofi or Jon, if you have anything to add, please feel free to add in. During this quarter, we are adding both internal and external capacity. On the internal capacity, the places we are adding capacity are things where we actually saw quite a bit of demand, even pre-COVID. And so, we have some cereal businesses, fruit snacks businesses, where we saw demand really for a number of years that was growing, and we had reached our internal capacity limit actually even before COVID. And so, we made the decision in many cases 12 months ago or 18 months ago to add capacity to those and while some of those coming online in Q2 and some coming online in Q3, but there are areas that have seen the self-sustained growth even before COVID. Even if we would have wanted to in the second quarter for many of our seasonal businesses where we are adding a lot of capacity here in Q2 and really differential capacity, I would say we are going external not due to lack of competence, but primarily because it provides greater agility. It’s faster to get into the capacity, and then to the extent we don’t see the capacity stick, then it’s easier to get out and we don’t spend the capital doing it. And so, the places where you see us spending on external capacity in the second quarter are really our seasonal businesses which is why we called out the margin pressure in Q2, but it allows us to react quickly to growing demand and if we see that stick, then we can make other decisions down the road.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, David, this is Jeff and thanks for your question. Appreciate that. First, I would say we are actually quite pleased with our pet growth in the first quarter and ended up almost exactly where we thought that it would end up. A couple pieces of context and first, you are right that growth that you are reporting net sales growth does understate our growth for the quarter as it relates to pet sales out, because recall that in the fourth quarter of last year, there was a big stock up and we actually saw that flow through to June. And so our retail sales out in June were probably low single-digits and they accelerated dramatically in July and August to high single-digits. And so that tells us that de-stocking – the stock-up the consumers had in the fourth quarter is actually now behind us and that it did have an impact on our first quarter and were it not for the impact of the – from the fourth quarter and the carryover, we probably would have seen – certainly seen high single-digit sales of our pet food business on a reported basis in the first quarter. So, they are understated by a little bit for reasons that we will understand from before. And the other I would say is that our like-for- like comparison to growth from a year ago was actually 16%. And so the question is, can we grow once we have distribution at least one quarter in as we feel good about our answer to that which is, yes. And we have grown through growing same-store sales, where we already are, we have grown it through our e-commerce business. The drag from pet specialty has actually reduced from where it was before. So, we feel very good. We have also grown share in segments we competed in cat and dog, whether it’s a dry cat food or wet dog food or treats, we have actually grown in every sub-segment. So, we feel very good about our pet business. And I would think that in the second quarter, we will see strong growth in pet.
Jeff Harmening: Jason, this is Jeff. Just getting into the first part of that question, so about 11% or 12% of our overall cost of goods would be free, either the logistics that’s shipping our products to our customers, but also the freight component of inbound raw materials and packaging materials.
Jeff Harmening: Ken, our contract tend to run on our fiscal year. So, it would kind of start in June and in May, roughly that timing.
Jeff Harmening: Well, so thanks for the question. That’s the first fiscal ‘22 question I have received. My original instinct is to say, I just try to make it through Q2, but I appreciate the question, this actually is a good question. I think one of the reasons we highlighted what we are doing in terms of advertising and renovation and innovation and so forth is that we like you hope that COVID comes to an end in fiscal ‘22 notwithstanding that our sales have been higher during the pandemic, I mean, it will be great once we are – once this is behind us. So, one of the things that we are spending a lot of time on is making investments that will help maximize our growth in the future. And even if I can’t tell you what our growth is going to be, I would hate to sit here a year from now and tell you that we didn’t make the right investments in data and analytics, the right investments in marketing, the right investments in innovation or renovation, I feel like we are doing all those things. And to Jon Nudi’s point earlier, we are really kind of going category by category and it’s not only in the U.S., but also we are doing the same thing in China with Haagen-Dazs and Wanchai Ferry. We are doing the same thing in Brazil, with brands like Kitano in Europe with Old El Paso and Haagen-Dazs and Nature Valley. So, we are taking that same approach throughout the world, but even in places like convenience and foodservice where the business is down, we are making some investments in things like individually wrapped products, which we think are going to be around for a while. And so while we can’t tell you what fiscal ‘22 will bring in the absolute, what I can tell you is that we are doing everything we can now to sustain the growth momentum that we currently have and you do it in the way that’s going to be efficient and effective for long-term valuable for shareholders.
Jeff Harmening: I guess, I would say that we plan on winning in any environment, including the one you just described. And we have done a good job so far with e-commerce, but it’s a moving target, which is why we hired someone externally for our digital and technology program, which is why we continue to invest in it, which is why we have programs like – we have our own data like bettycrocker.com and pillsbury.com with 7 million unique visitors a month and while we are building a Box Top for Education digitally. So we had access to our own data. And so I think in e-commerce we are all just like retailers and manufacturers, there will be winners and losers when it comes to manufacturing their products and we intend to be on the winner part of that equation, which is why we are investing. And as I said, we are – we feel good about what we have done so far, but we are not arrogant, because it’s a moving target and we will need to continue to invest and make progress against that if we are going to win into the future. And so while we are pleased with what we have done so far, rest assured that we are not resting on our laurels, because there is a lot more work to do.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So one of the things that, that I can assure you as we are always measuring return on investment. And when we say we are investing in our brands, we are not just spending on our brands that I see investing and when you are investing that that would indicate that you are getting a return on that investment. Otherwise, it’s just spending. So I want the people listening to know that when we are spending on our brand, we are making investments and we are working behind things that are working are going to drive growth for our business both in the short-term and long-term. And that’s true of Haagen-Dazs in China, that’s true of Caetano in Brazil and that’s true, Old El Paso in Europe, but just as it is with Cheerios here in the U.S. And so first, we are always measuring what our spending is. The second is that we went even though we are growing our consumer spending double-digits in the first quarter and we look to have our marketing spending grow faster than sales this year, there were a few years where that wasn’t the case. And so we are really rebuilding our marketing spending and we are not at levels we weren’t even probably 5 years ago. And so I really don’t think we are spending too much. We feel like we are being prudent and spending more on the right things on things that drive the business are really important and we prioritize the brands we are spending on and you will – you see that. And so I feel and we are changing the channel and the way we talk to consumers who become an active part of culture. Jon Nudi gave some examples of that of what we are doing in the U.S., but I can tell you what we are doing that in the Middle East as well. So, we feel as if the spending is going in the right places we are able to measure it. And as long as we can keep driving growth on our business, we will keep standing behind our brands. We feel we have got particularly good marketing at this point.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, we will see the – I am going to be a little evasive here, but only because we don’t know what the next three quarters are going to bring in terms of upside demand, because of the nature of that pandemic would indicate that it’s going to be uncertain. We feel that demand is going to be elevated as more than it was pre-pandemic. So, we are pretty confident of that, at least for the next couple of quarters. How much that is and how that will not last, I mean, we will have to see. I think Q2 will be a pretty good indicator. And we will know a lot more after the second quarter, primarily because for us, it’s a – we are in the middle of the pandemic, but also it’s a big quarter for us. And we have a lot of seasonal business in that quarter. And so after the second quarter, I think we will be able to give more color for the rest of the year of how we think the rest of the year will play out. But it’s really a hard environment to predict. And I hate to project certainty in such an uncertain environment. But with clarity, what I can tell you is that we are really pleased with how we are competing. And we fully intend to do that for the rest of the year and we do think that the demand will be elevated.
Kofi Bruce: Rob, this is Kofi. Thanks for the question. It’s probably the question of the moment, and I think it’s important for us to stay grounded in what we actually know right now, which for us I think we need to prepare for scenarios in which sustained levels of at-home consumption remain for a period of time. I think it is hard to make a call on duration at this point, with all due respect to any of our competitors who are doing so, especially that far out. So, there is a reason why we haven’t given guidance. And it is not – it is not for lack of confidence in our ability to compete, but more a reflection of the uncertainty of the environment and the duration and the expected duration of at-home demand. But I think –we know that our posture is to be prepared for whatever shows up and be prepared to compete and I think you saw us put a pretty good down payment on that in Q1.
Kofi Bruce: Yes, so this is Kofi. Thanks for the question. Look, our job that we declared at the beginning of the year on the balance sheet was really to get our debt to leverage back to below 3x to restore the strategic flexibility of the balance sheet. As you can imagine coming off of last year, we would expect a little bit of sort of choppiness in the cash flow. So, I think our first point of confidence is really to restore dividend growth and continue to make progress on de-leverage. We will assess the other capital allocation priorities based on the progress we make throughout the year.
Kofi Bruce: Jason thanks for the question. This is Kofi. Let me just start by kind of harking back to the principles we said at the beginning of the year. I think Jeff said it while we come in with an expectation of keeping flexibility in our operating model in an eye towards keeping our margins roughly in line year-over-year for the full year. Look, if we are in a sustained higher demand environment, we are going to be in a position where we will invest to capture the incremental sales. We will drive higher dollar profit even if the percent margins maybe don’t expand significantly. And so I think the thing that to frame up here is that there are kind of four headwinds that will play out and I will get to Q2 versus Q1 after I lay these out. The first in order sort of magnitude would be we expect COGS inflation to be about 3%, which is about a point off of lower than it was last year. We expect some significant cost to capture the elevated demand, specifically some things around external supply chain and manufacturing premiums as well as internal capacity. And again, these are – the external supply costs are ones that we can shed if the demand doesn’t materialize. A brand and capability investments is third and then health and safety costs will continue this year even if as we see the run-rate tapering off of what we saw in Q4. So, as we get to Q1 versus Q2, what we are seeing is and expect to see is a significant step up in external manufacturing costs in Q2 and that specifically as we go into key season on meals and baking businesses that were significantly constrained in U.S. and Europe. And as we are stepping into those key seasons, we will need a lot more external capacity to rebuild supply for the demand levels we expect. And the other thing I would note is our comparison for adjusted operating profit margin is much more challenging as we get into Q2. The comp was 17% versus last year on Q1. And it’s about 150 basis points more difficult as we look at our Q2 versus last year’s Q2 where it was 18.3%. And we had a number of timing benefits that helped us last year specifically as we were building some inventory in advance of labor negotiations and a little bit of shipment timing on some of our other businesses. And then I think as a last note, just to help you kind of on the balance or the year, I note that in Q4 we are going to be having an extra month of pet results to comp the 53rd week, both of which were favorable to our operating margin. So, posture I’d say is, we will know a lot more, Q2 will be critical to your point for our assessment on the balance of the year and we will be able to make a call once we see the amount of elevated demand and how the ESC costs play out in Q2.
Kofi Bruce: Sure, sure. So, we have about 95% of our freight is going through at contract rates, which are below spot prices and the remaining 5% are at market rates. So, that’s what we are seeing at this point. Obviously, this is an environment where we are going to need to proactively keep monitoring freight, but at this point, we are continuing to execute most all of our freight needs through contract levels.
