Don Mulligan: Sure. Chris, this is Don. I will take the cost saving reinvestment. Obviously we see this year, talking about 2016, we do see a step up in the cost savings contribution the incremental value of those this year. We are selectively reinvesting. We are, as we think about how we have built the plan this year, it was really about balancing, reinvesting to derive sustainable topline growth with increased efficiency in margins and then returning cash to shareholders. And as we balance all that, we did some opportunities for some specific investments. As you do your modeling, it is probably going to be 50% plus in the phase this year will go back into the business. And that's going to be across both COGS, in media, in consumer support more broadly and then as some SG&A capabilities. So for example, as you think about gluten-free Cheerios, removing artificial colors and flavors across our cereal brands, the sugar reduction in yogurt, getting our value right on Betty Crocker and Helpers launching Yoplait in China that you refer to. Plus there are some things we didn't talk about today that we are improving our capabilities to reach Hispanic consumers in the U.S. and putting some chaos in our categories against some faster growing channels like e-commerce. And so we have been very targeted where we see the greatest growth opportunities and the commonality of all those is where we see Consumer First opportunities to grow our business for the long-term and that's where we are putting the reinvestment. We do expect to see a return to comparable top line growth this year. As I said, if you remove the one week, it's going to be up 1%, but I also want you to think about this being a two-step process. We are going to see part of the benefit of those reinvestments this year. We expect to see another step as we get into 2017. Because we are building the base for growth for the long-term and we will start seeing that infection and change in trajectory this year.
Don Mulligan: Eric, your math is pretty good. It's probably around 4% when you back out the extra week in Annie's and so forth. It was actually. And there's two things that I would just point. One is, in our C&F business we did exit a line of low to no margin businesses and that had an impact in the quarter. And then in U.S. RO, we actually were lapping a build of retail inventory from a year ago. So we had anticipated both of these when we gave our guidance. Our sales actually came in pretty much in line with what we expected including the volume component of our sales. So we enter 2016 in the position that we expected to when we first started building our plan back in the spring.
Don Mulligan: Yes. That's correct. That's what will impact COGS. That will impact in total, sorry, not just COGS, but in total, yes.
Don Mulligan: Yes. You see, there is inflation. We have 2% inflation in COGS. We will have normal inflation across the remainder of our SG&A. And again, the reinvestment is going to be over half of what the cost saves are. So you have got to roll that in as well. And then the last piece that you might not have is for our pension expense with the change in mortality table, it's going to increase our liability, increase our expense, non-cash by about $70 million next year. That will not all flow through because we have some things that will partially offset that. But it is some thing that we will have to absorb next year.
Don Mulligan: Yes. Ken, on the cost saves side, it's an ongoing effort, it's an ongoing practice within the company to look at where we are not as competitive as we think we could be and as opportunities present themselves that are material enough for investors to have different guidance on, we obviously disclose that as we did with Project Compass just a couple of weeks ago.
Don Mulligan: A good question, Matt. I appreciate the chance to clarify. We do think we are at normalized levels in the retail trade. The issue is that we had some billed inventory at the end of last year. We had that inventory then depleted during this year. So we ended up taking two hits, one for the depletion this year and one for lapping last year's increase. But we think as we enter 2016, the retail inventories are going to normalize level.
Don Mulligan: Media is down. I will get that question first. Media is down and what I said is our total consumer will be up. And just let me parcel that out. So media is obviously what you see on air, what you see in digital or in print. It will be slightly down, essentially I think about it as flat on a 52 to 52 week basis. So we lose a week obviously this year. Importantly it's going to be up on key growth platforms where we have clear ideas. Ken just talked about cereal in U.S. and internationally, our snacks business in the U.S., yogurt in the U.S., natural and organic in the U.S. Internationally, we see it in Old El Paso in addition to the cereal businesses and in emerging markets. So we will have media up on platforms where we have strong growth ideas. And then total consumer will be up low-single digit. So when I talk about total consumer, that takes into things like in-store events. We have many of those in the emerging markets. We are doing Häagen-Dazs in-store displays in Southeast Asia markets. Obviously Yoplait displays in China, Yoki in Brazil. So a lot of opportunity to get more exposure in the store itself. And then sampling falls into it as well. Again think about Yoplait in China as we are launching that brand. We are going to see a lot of our natural and organic businesses getting supported by increased sampling this year in the U.S. So there is a number of vehicles that don't hit media nor a consumer vehicles that don't hit media that we will be increasing or invested on this year.
Don Mulligan: So the other question was on Annie's sales contribution. It was about 1% in both 2015 and in 2016 because we had it for roughly half a year in both instances.
Don Mulligan: I appreciate you flagging at it. This is a one-time repatriation. It was $600 million. We look at the economic cost of bringing that money back for some of the cash need that we have in the U.S. for restructuring actions of Annie's that we did last year. We brought it back and while effective tax rate charge was $79 million, it carries $24 million cash charge to it. So it was low cost from that standpoint. It is one-time. It doesn't change our perspective in terms of how we are going to manage the rest of our cash internationally nor does it reflect -- it doesn't reflect anything on our investments internationally. We have some robust investments internationally, but we also have a very cash generative business internationally.
Don Mulligan: And Ken, what I would add to it in terms of learnings is this is one area where the consumer preferences have shifted pretty rapidly. And a large focus of ours, from a Consumer First standpoint, is moving as rapidly as we can against those. Some times you are constrained by the number of resources you can put against the business. And so the cost saving initiatives that we are undertaking to free up resources to get after opportunities like these, I think will allow us to be better and more adaptable and more agile as these kinds of shifts happen as we go forward.
Ken Powell: And just to add to that, Chris, Yoplait China would be a good example of really looking at the long term and to build businesses that are going to sustain over many, many years. I think you know we have been planning to enter China for a number of years. Interested, of course because it's a very large multibillion dollar category already in China and so we began shipping from our own plant last month. The products are on the shelf in retail stores in Shanghai. We are offering a couple of traditional spoonable varieties. These are very, very high quality building on the French heritage of Yoplait. We are also offering a drinkable product. So there will be basically three platforms. They are on the shelf. They look great. We are really excited by it. We are going to do what we have always done in China, which is to really learn about the business model in Shanghai and then as we success we fully intend to expand that business into other major cities in China.
Ken Powell: Yes. So Eric these, as you know, we are not trying to win on the basis of pricing and merchandising, but in the case of some of our baking products and also Helpers, for example, we simply found ourselves not competitive from a merchandising standpoint as the year unfolded. That was also true for soup where we didn't enter the season with the right price point. So I would just describe this as getting our merchandising price points and frequency in line with competition, tactical adjustments. In the baking area, for instance, we are adjusting prices on some of the more value oriented parts of the line anyway. So think cake and frosting. Other parts of the line maybe brownies and cookies and these sorts of things, we will leave those prices as is. So these are really just tactical adjustments to move us into the competitive zone and we think that that will benefit in much better volume performance.
Ken Powell: And on your cereal question, Ken, I think part of it is just rooted in the fundamentals. As you know, our convenience and foodservice business is very, very targeted to the channels that we think have longer term growth potential and so we are highly focused in schools and universities and healthcare and all of those channels are growing anywhere from 2% to 4%. So a part of it is that we are just seeing there is a little bit of a tail wind there and I would say the second part is that our innovation has just worked terrifically well in those channels. We have great tasting cereals. The whole grain benefit of our Big G cereals has been extremely important to school foodservice operators and has given us a real competitive advantage. We have a little over half the share in that segment. So I would say, it's a combination of some tailwind in those channels, very well targeted innovation and that's why we are very encouraged by the innovation that we will be bringing to the general market in 2016. We think that's very well targeted, very focused on consumer trends and we are going to see revenue growth that will result from that innovation.
Ken Powell: So Matt, we do continuously review where and how we are allocating our resources and resources defined as R&D investments and marketing investment and capital investment. So as you can imagine, we are just constantly looking very closely at that. And we have, you have already heard about a number of opportunities that we have around the world in cereal and yogurt and snack and you will hear more about it in July. And we are dedicating resources to drive growth in those businesses and that necessarily means that other businesses are getting less and we have highlighted Green Giant. The fact that we have done that shouldn't take away from the fact that Green Giant know is in fact a profitable business for us. As you said, it's a really good brand. We are going to be bringing news and innovation to Green Giant, both in the U.S. and in international markets in F16. So sort of reallocation doesn't mean not doing things. We like that equity. And we think there is innovation opportunity there. So we will have news coming, but we have just shifted some of the resources to areas that we see as higher growth and that's resulted in the impairment analysis that we have highlighted.
Ken Powell: Well, so let me start by saying, first of all, I think that the category in the U.S., as we look at that, still declining but the levels, the rate of that decline is moderating. And so we are, David, encouraged by that. And if you just look at last 12, last three, it was a little over 3% decline for the year. For the quarter, it was a little less, 1.5% decline and okay. And I think as you know, the latest month was an easier comp, but there was actually a little bit of growth there. So we do see the category rates of decline moderating, not only in the U.S., but we are also seeing that in Canada and other developed markets around the world. So I think that's an important factor. The second point is that we think we have a very good understanding for the new preferences that consumers have for breakfast and we have talked about this with you many times for products that are simpler, products that are more filling, products that taste good, products that address very specific issues that consumers have like gluten and artificial colors. And as we address those things and as we bring innovation that address those, we are seeing growth. Our granola business is growing really well. We think Muesli is going to do really well for us. We see products that have had taste improvements grow extremely well. Our Cinnamon Toast Crunch, which is the third largest brand in the category grew at double digit this year. So I guess just the second part of my answer to your question, David, is that we think we are really good theory on what's going on in the category and as we addressed it with Consumer First, we are seeing a response. And then to your last point, we were very single-mindedly focused on growing our business and we think we have very, very strong innovation in order to do that. Of course it will be, as we see other players in the category invest more in innovation, as we see stronger investment in media and we think we are beginning to see that, these of course are going to be very helpful as well. So as the entire category focus is on these things and we get the consumer support back in the category, that's going to make a big difference as well. So anyway, long answer, but hopefully give you our rationale.
Ken Powell: The only think I would just underline on that is, Don's comment on sampling. Sampling is perhaps the most powerful penetration driver that we have and many of our natural and organic businesses are not really driven in the traditional media. They are in fact driven almost entirely by getting the products into people's mouths. So that's a growing part of our marketing mix and one that is not really counted in the media thing. So that's an important highlight for you.
Ken Powell: The observation that I would make, Ken, is that it's increasingly kind of a value focused category and the segment that is performing a little better tends to be the commodity oriented, just frozen blocks of vegetables. And so that's the direction that the category has moved in. And of course, as you know, we are also in the canned part of the category as well with our products. So that would be an observation for you. Having said that, we do see our portfolio is primarily more value added and more flavored and soft products and we see opportunities to continue to innovate and adapt with those kinds of products and it tends to be the higher and more innovative end of the category. And so that will be our focus going forward.
Ken Powell: No, it's not. We are eliminating artificial. And so any color and flavors that will be, by the end of 2017, will be from natural sources.
Ken Powell: Okay. Tina, I think we are out of time. So Kris and I will be taking calls all day. For those of you that don't have my number, you can reach me at 763-764-2301. So thanks every one and have a great day.
