Kendall J. Powell: I would say we've seen -- we saw a little bit of improvement in February. And generally, our belief is that, Ed, as we, in the months ahead, lap all the pricing that we took and our merchandising levels moderate, as those 2 things happen, we believe as well that consumer demand will stabilize and will moderate. And that, coupled with our ongoing investments in innovation and brand building, will get us back on a trend line that's more to our liking.
Kendall J. Powell: It was -- Ed, it was primarily due to very good gains in non-measured channels. I will tell you also though that as we commented, we shipped a number of very good new products in the third quarter. We commented on a couple of the cereals and some of the yogurts, the Nature Valley Protein Bar, so we a good slug of new products and as retailers built inventory on those items, those helped those sales gains.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, Ken, thank you for the question. So our Yoplait Greek product is -- sales in the latest quarter are up nearly up 50%. Our distribution for that product, I believe, is flat across all channels and so I don't want to comment now on your data point. Maybe we can come back to you on that, but we're expanding turns on that product. We're expanding capacity. We've begun to advertise it. We're adding new items, as I said. We've got -- we've added a parfait product now. We're adding more varieties of the 4-ounce 4-pack to that line, and that particular product is doing very, very well. So that product continues to grow and we're going to continue to support it because it's working for us. Having said that, as I've said before, there are more -- many more ways, we believe, to innovate in the Greek yogurt segment. And I will very much look forward to sharing those innovation and new product details with you when we get together in June, but there's quite a bit more innovation that will be coming from us on that front.
Kendall J. Powell: I think that's a very fair. I mean our belief is that we've -- I mean, clearly it's been a tough year. We've had very, very high inflation across the industry, which led to unusually high levels of price increases, which led to volume elasticities and declines that we've seen. And so it's been challenging. But this is the highest inflation that I've seen in my career at General Mills and our strong belief going forward is that it will moderate, clearly moderate from that. And as we see inflation come down, there's much less pricing come through. We have stability in -- more or less stability in consumer prices, stability in the promotional environment. And we strongly believe, then, that volume will stabilize there, unit volume will stabilize and those will all be good things. And then as you said, we then -- it's up to us to make our own way by doing the things that grow our categories and we know what those are: it's good brand building, it's the good innovation ideas that come out of our R&D teams, and that's how we grow categories and that's why we stayed so true to that course during a very volatile period of time.
Kendall J. Powell: Andrew, thanks for the question. I mean the category is unfolding as we thought it would this year, some pound decline overall. But across all channels, we're going to see sales growth of about 3% this year on a $10 billion category. So all things being equal, we feel pretty good about the way the category dynamics are unfolding. And as I said, we expect prices to stabilize here as we go forward. In this quarter, as I said, we had some very good new products that we shipped, which helped the units in volume, and that was good. But I have to say, really if you look at us over the last 4 or 5 years, we've had steady increases in performance, very consistent increases in market share and we're driving that primarily through good innovation across a number of brands. And so whether it's the Cheerios franchise or the Chex franchise, which I think, as you know, it appeals to folks are for looking for gluten-free products. That's growing at a high rate. We had good performance on our kid brands. So we really have a very strong portfolio there. We've had very good innovation. Those brands continue to respond and we're quite positive on the outlook for the category because of all the brand news and the nutrition innovation that we're bringing. So while the third quarter had a new product boost, long term we continue to feel very good about our innovation and what we can do in that category.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, well, I mean there have been kind of some wobbles and some volatilities in the different competitive dynamics over the last 3 years as you're very well aware, Andrew. And it appears that we've worked our way through those. It looks to us like we're all -- the merchandising side is stable. The volume weakness that we've seen or decline that we've seen was expected. And as we've seen, in most other categories, it's clearly related to the pricing and the increase in merch price points that we had to take this year. So we think that, that's a one-off situation. We -- as John commented in his remarks, while there is some growth in quick-serve restaurants, I mean, trust me, we calculate those numbers and we study those interactions and I will tell you that there's -- that's not where our volume is going. I think we're just suffering a little bit from the pricing that we saw this year and we're optimistic that as we see that stabilize and knowing the kind of innovation that we're going to bring going forward that we expect that category to continue to show good growth for us.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, that is, Eric, a very good and stable business for us. We're seeing some fall-off this year from sort of minor lines that we've launched over the last couple of years that we let fall away, so we've lost some share there. And that's also a brand where just as we've adjusted and moderated merch price points here as the year has gone on, where we've seen some fall-off, I mean, our advertising for that brand. And so it continues to work well, so we think sort of the fundamental consumer proposition continues to be very strong. And we've got good opportunities to innovate and continue to expand within that range. I think it's just a question of kind of refining, making sure we've got the value proposition right as we go forward and that the consumer brand-building element also is working for us, which we think it is. So I think fundamentally, we think that, that brand will stay on track and it's just -- we've just struggled a bit this year with the volatility in list and merchandising price points.
Kendall J. Powell: So listen, I very much appreciate your impatience. And here, we like to tell our customers about our innovation before we tell you guys, and so that's always what hinders us a little bit, so we'll be -- obviously we'll have full detail for you in June. What I will say is that we have a very comprehensive lineup of innovation across all segments of our yogurt business including our kid business, our core cup business, Greek product lines and other innovation as well and those innovations will come over the course of the full calendar year, but beginning this summer. So we've been very hard at work on obviously, for all the obvious reasons, on our yogurt innovation pipeline and we'll be very pleased to share it with you in June. And not just on the retail side of the business, but as we mentioned, we've got good ideas that are going to be going in the foodservice side as well. So it will be very comprehensive across all segments.
Kendall J. Powell: We always try to make them as distinctive as possible. And these are all products that we test and evaluate with consumers and we work hard to get the proposition right. And we think we've got -- we think we have some very, very good ideas coming here that will allow us to continue to build our Greek business and to build our share in that segment. And clearly, our goal is to stabilize and return to the entire Yoplait business to growth. We clearly need to do that and we're very, very focused on that. It's a core goal of ours and so we think we've got the broad innovation approach that we're going to need in order to do that in our next fiscal year. So it's a primary objective.
Kendall J. Powell: Let me start and then I'm going to ask John Machuzick to add some commentary as well. I mean, basically, the sectors that you mentioned, whether it's mass or dollar stores or convenience stores, what I will tell you is that we are highly focused on all those channels for growth and highly focused means that we dedicate a significant number of human resources to those channels. We build very strong relationships at the top of those companies and all the way down through of all their various buying and merchandising levels and we built those businesses strongly. And as you said, these are growing channels and we see very significant opportunities for continued growth. And so without attempting to go into the numbers, I mean I think I can tell you that in most of those different sectors we have very solid growth rates. And we are also, because of the quality of our sales force and the kind of resources that we're putting in there, the important thing is, is that we're developing very strong insights about how their customer base might work. Whether it's a mass store or a dollar store or a drugstore, those – the consumers that go into those stores all have different behaviors and are looking for different things, particularly when they're looking for food products. And we're getting very, very smart about what it is that they're looking for. And as a result, we're bringing them insight and we've become a very trusted partner in those channels and we're getting good growth there, so it's very important to us. John, I think, has a very, very unique window into C-stores and he's going to comment on that as well.
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I mean, we've got good focus on cereal and baking products and some of our snack products, but I mean we see -- as these channels grow and many of them using food as a way to drive traffic because obviously people are going to need food once a week and the purchase cycle for some of the drug products may be longer than that. So they're using food to drive traffic and they're very interested in expanding our portfolio and so we're helping them think through that whole assortment issue. But there are many opportunities for us to move into that. I guess I would add that the other opportunity that we have is there are a number of products today that start out in alternative or particularly in natural channels. And so we commented on the success of LÄRABAR in the natural channel sector, the very strong success of Food Should Taste Good and as those products gain scale in those channels, we then have the opportunity to move them in the other direction, move them into the more mainstream channels. And so you have products that develop in different parts of the retail environment and then we can take them and study them and move them around into different places. And it's not just from the traditional to the alternative. It can be from alternative to traditional. And so we have -- really we have many alternatives across our portfolio to drive growth through building distribution.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Matt, this is Don. On the latter question, I'll just reaffirm what we said at CAGNY, we expect to be lower. We obviously saw extremely high inflation. We are seeing extremely high inflation this year, so we would expect it to moderate. We'll obviously have a clearer picture for you when we give you our F '13 guidance more fully this summer. As far as Q3, there are a couple of dynamics at play. As you can imagine, the volume, as we said, came in a little lighter than we expected in U.S. RO that had 2 impacts on us. One is a bit of deleveraging in the plans, but also from a mix standpoint, U.S. are always -- are from a segment standpoint, is our highest-margin business, so that ends up being a bit of a negative mix to us as well. And then lastly, we -- as I noted in our working capital, we continue to work down our inventories and that had an impact on our gross margins; a planned impact, but one that externally may not be fully modeled, of probably about 30 basis points in the quarter. So I think those 3 factors were the ones that would have probably varied from what may have been externally modeled for our gross margin.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, we're at the levels that we targeted, so as we look at Q4, one of the reasons that we are confident that we'll see less contraction in Q4, one of 3 or 4 reasons is the fact that we'll have less inventory reduction, hence, less of that negative absorption in our gross margin.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. And Rob, first off, I thought your piece was very good yesterday. We all read it with interest and I particularly appreciate when you looked at our SG&A, you commented that we're investing in the right things and I think that's very true. And I think Ken hit on some of those with R&D and our advertising. Let me focus on our admin expenses, so the SG&A less those 2 items. To Ken's point, if you look over the last 3 years and you strip out the marked increase we've had in our pension expense because of the drop in interest rates, our underlying admin expense has been essentially flat over those 3 years. It's been a focus of ours to ensure that we are thinking about where we're putting our investment and we've taken a lot of internal actions, HMM-variety actions, against admin just as we have done in our plans for a number of years. So I'd assure you that is getting a focus. In terms of headcount itself, it has increased. It's increased because we've been building our International business. Our U.S. headcount actually over the last 3 years is essentially flat. And that includes some investments we've made in headcount in John's area, for example, to build an internal sales force where we've added over 300 people to move from a broker to an internal sales force that not only do we think is more effective, as John outlined for us this morning, but we also know is cost beneficial to us versus the broker network that we had previously. So rest assured that it is getting a focus and the results are coming through over the last couple of years.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, it was primarily timing of advertising. Media investment in the quarter was up over 30% in International, and that's going to swing quarter-to-quarter, but that was the main driver. Yet with the underlying growth trends from a volume and a sales standpoint, we're still very pleased with the momentum we have in that business.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, that segment has been generating pre-Yoplait margin in the low double digits. We've mentioned that over time we believe that those will continue to expand as we invest in core categories and geographies that we're in and as we grow businesses that have higher average margins, whether that is Häagen-Dazs, Nature Valley, obviously the cereal businesses in the geographies that we run directly, and that will continue to drive it. What we've also said is that the Yoplait business has low double-digit margins. And so in the near term, it's going to be fairly profit margin neutral. But over time, we're going to have plans to grow that business as well and as those plans unfold, we'll give you a line of sight on the margin impact.
Donal Leo Mulligan: I think those were contained in Ken's remarks, Jason, where in the U.K. from a consumer standpoint, we're seeing low single-digit growth and in France, high single-digit growth. So while we're holding share in the U.K., we're actually gaining almost a full point of share in France.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, for the 10 months, we're still in the zone that we expect to be in. It'll add 8 to 9 points to our growth rate a quarter as it has for the last 2. We expect to see the same in the fourth quarter.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Jason, sorry, just one thing. That is U.S. dollar value. The euro is weaker today than we started the year, so there's probably a little bit of a headwind from a translation standpoint. So in euros, we're tracking -- so when I was saying we're tracking as we expected, that's in constant – or in local currency, but there will be a little bit of diminution when we translate to U.S. dollars.
Donal Leo Mulligan: No, actually the provisions are for both top and bottom line as we expected. When you look at that NCI line, remember, first off, it's after tax. Second, it also includes the impact of the integration costs, which we capture in our corporate items. But is obviously, then, netted off -- our partner's share on that is netted off in those NCI. The underlying profitability, that low double-digit margin, is coming in just as we expected.
