Ken Powell: It was basically a third, a third, a third. Don, do you want to put a finer point on that? No, he doesn’t. So significant dairy inflation. We did get those merchandising price points in line, and there has been a good increase in consumer spending, and that spending is all about taste, Andrew. It’s very taste-oriented advertising, and it’s a lot of sampling. We want to get these products in people’s mouths, because we know that they perform very, very well, and people like them. So think a third, a third, a third.
Ken Powell: We certainly share their optimism on the outlook for the cereal category, which is a great category in response to innovation. And I would also share the view that, for instance, as you look at the growth of Greek yogurt as an example, I think that is still growing, but that growth is starting to taper. And to the degree there’s been some interaction there, that also is potentially something to monitor closely. I would love to see it return to growth in 2015. As we’ve said, we think that the recipe is all about core brand renovation and good new products, and good levels of advertising. And we’re very focused on doing that. And we’re hearing good messaging from the other leaders in the category that they’re focused on that as well, so we think, as those things continue to increase, and we continue to see the level of renovation strengthened in the category, consumers are going to come back in. We’re very confident that that will happen, and that’s why we’re focused on those kinds of activities.
Ken Powell: In terms of the development of our categories, I think it’s going to be both the points that you mentioned. In the short term, we’re coming off of a very severe winter, and we’re already seeing our categories strengthen a little bit as we get through that. And as we’ve said in the past, while the economy is improving slowly and incomes are strengthening slowly, they are improving. And we think that as incomes continue to grow and consumers gain confidence, that will be a positive sign for our category. The one other near term headwind I think are the SNAP reductions that took place over the course of last year, and I think will continue to impact us a little bit this year. That was clearly adding some purchasing power to consumers when it comes to food. So that would be a bit of a headwind. But in general, we see the economy strengthening, and that will support our categories. In terms of inflation, it’s always a mixed bag. Some things are up and some are down. For us, grains have moderated significantly. As everyone knows, dairy costs have been significantly higher. On balance, though, as we’ve said the last couple of times, we see the inflation environment manageable at this point. We’ll be able to offset the inflation that we see with our productivity efforts, and we would expect pricing to remain relatively stable in the near term.
Ken Powell: And just to add one final thought, triggered by Don’s comment, the whole oats controversy. In fact, we had a great harvest in the northern of oat growing regions this year. We just couldn’t get it to market because of the logistics disruptions that I mentioned over the winter. So that’s a short term spike in oat costs, and those should moderate going forward.
Ken Powell: Well, consumption was ahead of shipments in the quarter, and eventually those things always come into line, especially for a short shelf product like yogurt. But what we have been seeing really over several months, really since December, for Yoplait in total, we’re seeing our distribution expand, which is a very good sign. As I said, we’re seeing Yoplait Original now growing on an absolute basis. It’s very significant to us that Yoplait Light turns are now positive, because positive turns are, if you will, the precondition for being able to expand distribution. And if we’re able to maintain that turn strength, ultimately we’ll get that franchise going on an absolute basis as well. And as I said, we’re very pleased with the early trends that we’re seeing across all of our Yoplait Greek products, which include Yoplait Greek 100 and now Greek Blended, and lots of flavors, formats, multipacks. And so as you say, there’s still more to do, but we feel we’re quite a bit ahead today where we were six months ago, and we like the direction the business is going in.
Ken Powell: Well, for yogurt, we’ve reached a point where we have the right product portfolio. As I just mentioned, it’s a very broad and consumer focused portfolio, and the products are very high quality. And we have the distribution that we needed, and critically, we have the manufacturing capacity that we need. And so it’s the perfect time for us to really go out and drive trial on these products through, as I mentioned, strong advertising and sampling. So it’s a good time to really focus and build that business. In cereal, we are going to work harder there. We already have high levels of trial generating advertising and consumer focus support in the cereal business. There, our focus is on the renovation of brands, often by bringing important health news to them. And we see that work well for us. We’ve commented, for instance, on the success of gluten-free brands or taste improvements, or new products. And so it’s very much an innovation focus in categories like cereal. I think the way it plays out will vary by category, but we just think, in a time where the consumer is a little bit stretched, we just believe that the way forward is through innovation and renovation and strong communication of our benefits. And when we get that right, we see it work across all of our categories. And that’s really the focus for us.
Ken Powell: As I mentioned earlier, we’re expecting manageable levels of inflation. I think as you all know, we have very disciplined productivity programs. And so I’m not going to comment today on what our margins will look like over the next 12 months, but I will say, among our peers, we’ve been among the very best over the last five years of maintaining or expanding margins because of our productivity discipline. And certainly we’ll keep that mindset going forward.
Ken Powell: We never talk about possible or prospective pricing increases. I will comment that we have seen, as you all know, dairy inflation over the last year, primarily driven by increased demand for dry powdered milk, primarily in Asia and particularly in China. And that demand really is driving the market. And I think the herds shrank a little bit earlier in the economic crisis. But those things have a way of adjusting, and we’re not seeing it yet, but the prices are unusually high now, and we expect that they’ll moderate over time.
Ken Powell: I would say that things are slowly improving, and our comment at CAGNY was that for next year, we’re affirming our growth model. But you know, we continue to see slow improvement, with an emphasis on slow. And I think we’ve been saying that consistently, and our predictions have been accurate over the last several years.
Ken Powell: I think the inflation that we’ve commented on, that’s the critical factor that’s compressed the margins. And there’s always volatility in those input costs. But that’s been the key issue. Obviously, our mix has changed, and it is changing quite significantly as the category migrates to Greek. But as Don said, we like the price point of Greek yogurts. They’re $1 or more, so we like that a lot. On a percentage basis, the margins are a bit lower, but certainly overall, on an absolute basis, we think those margins are just fine. So I think the key thing will be to work our way through this inflation, which we will eventually do, and we’ll see margins strengthen as we do that.
Ken Powell: Some of it is shipments of new products. We launched three more in January, and those always expand inventory. As you’ve observed, we also have had good share gains, about 30 basis points over the nine months of the year so far, and really over 40 basis points of share improvement in Q3. But you’re right, our shipments are a little bit ahead of sales right now, and I would expect those to come in line over time.
Ken Powell: There were two areas that have been declining over the last period of time. Light, which continues to decline, although at a rate less than the Light segment, that one continues to decline overall, and largely because of distribution [unintelligible]. But as I said, where it is in distribution, we’ve seen the turns reverse now. Those are growing now, which again sets up a case for us to hold and then expand distribution. We also had an uncharacteristic decline in our kid business over the last couple of quarters, and that’s been a good grower for us, all the way through. And we attribute that to our own variability in execution. We don’t feel we had the right kind of kid-oriented promotions on Gogurt. And that’s easily correctable. So those are the two soft spots, and we think those are both reversible, and we like the trends on Yoplait original and Greek, as we said.
Don Mulligan: We are still looking to see how we can continue to refine and evolve our portfolio, and our focus areas haven’t changed. Emerging markets, obviously our move into Brazil was very instrumental in that respect about a year and a half ago. So we continue to look at it. As we’ve said before, we’re interested in expanding our businesses and getting a larger footprint, particularly in Indonesia and India. And then within the developed markets, particularly in the U.S., the area of the better for you snacking, we’ve made some moves over the last couple of years in that regard. It remains a point of interest. But as we said a year ago, F14 was not going to be a year of acquisitions, and that’s how it’s playing out. But we’ll continue to look, and share news as it becomes relevant.
Don Mulligan: The only thing I would add is the recent jump in some certain commodities and some of the headline news that has made, as we’ve talked about before, as we look forward for inflation, we assume that we’ll see the same kind of inflation we’ve seen over the last six or eight years, which is in that 4% and 5% range. And I don’t think anyone is projecting something different than that as we go forward. From our standpoint, I think we’ve shown the ability to offset that through productivity and mix management and our [HMM] activities.
Don Mulligan: What I would add to that is there are some product lines we launched that are margin accretive on a dollar basis, but maybe margin dilutive on a percentage basis. Greek yogurt is a good example of that, where from a per-serving basis, we actually make a bit more penny profit on Greek, but because of the higher price point, it’s actually slightly margin dilutive on the gross margin line, but it’s obviously dollar accretive. So those tradeoffs that we’re willing to make, we also then look at our operating margins, and there’s a couple of factors that can come into play there. One is we obviously have very strong control on our admin expenses. If you look at our SG&A for the year, it’s flat year to date. And I expect it to be flat or even slightly down on a full year basis, so that is part of managing those margins as well. The other, and Ann touched on this, is that in our digital marketing, as we go to market digitally, we see strong returns there, and that helps manage our margins as well.
Don Mulligan: We’re not going to quantify how much we’re putting into the market, but we are making a substantial move to tap into what we think is a very attractive yoga market, one that already is relatively large, but we think there’s an opportunity for Yoplait to have a leading role. I think that’s all we’re ready to share at this point in time.
Don Mulligan: Let me just take you through Q4. We touched on some points that I just want to make sure are clear. Because essentially all of our EPS growth is in the fourth quarter, so I think it’s important for investors to understand how we get there. And they are, I think, very visible. Again, the primary ones would be the gross margin expansion. To your point, we expect a deceleration of inflation - we still expect inflation, but decelerating - in the fourth quarter, which is very different than a year ago, when we were seeing accelerating inflation. So we’ll have pretty significant margin expansion, and obviously our HMM activities will continue to be very robust. For the full year, we expect our tax rate to be comparable to last year. And if you look over the last several years, we have consistently held or dropped our tax rate on an annual basis, but quarter to quarter, it can vary quite significantly. And last year’s fourth quarter was actually a higher tax rate quarter. So we’ll have favorability in our tax line. And then I mentioned the share count. We have been accumulating shares as the year has gone on. One percent reduction in Q1, 2% in Q2, 4% reduction in Q3. So you can kind of expand from there what Q4 could be. So those factors will come through, but importantly, we’re not banking on accelerated sales growth. Frankly, we expect our sales growth to be about the same as it has been year to date. So it’s really based on those middle of the P&L factors that will get us that substantial EPS gain in the fourth quarter and have us deliver the full year in the same range as we talked about back in July. As far as what it means going forward, obviously we’re not in a position today to give F15 guidance for inflation or any portion of our financials, but I guess I would just caution, based on the question that Matt asked earlier, inflation is a tough thing to project. Everyone was asking us if we were going to see deflation a few months ago, and now there’s been a turn in some markets and people are asking us if we’re going to see accelerating inflation next year. So I just would caution not to get ahead of ourselves in terms of what our inflation expectations are. But we will be very clear what they are when we release our results in the fourth quarter, when we give ’15 guidance in June.
Don Mulligan: We’re going to use $2.87 to $2.90. Part of the reason to take out Venezuela is the remeasurement impact of Venezuela, it’s a one-time noncash event that we don’t think is representative of our underlying earnings profile.
Don Mulligan: I’d break out the working capital into two components. The core working capital that I highlighted on the slides, the bulk of it, and that was down 8%, and that will be down for the full year as it has been for the last three to four years. So that will be a cash contributor. You also have accruals and payment timings for our trade, for our tax, for our advertising. Those were negative this quarter. Those will normalize as the year unfolds. So you’ll see pretty strong cash inflow from working capital in our fourth quarter. And for the full year, we still expect working capital in total to be a cash contributor for us.
Don Mulligan: We don’t historically give guidance until June. We did it on a one-off basis last year because we were coming through a period of pretty significant change in terms of the portfolio, a couple of large deals. We also had some operating headwinds that meant we were off model from a bottom line earnings and a cash return to shareholders standpoint. And the last piece was very strategically, we decided, because we had some strategic M&A that we wanted to do. So last year we made a point of noting that we’d be back on model both from earnings and a cash return standpoint in FY14, but that was a one-time view to the future that we thought was important for the market. But historically, in every other year, we have given guidance in June, and that’s what our practice will be this year as well.
Don Mulligan: Operating profit growth, we ended the year with guidance of mid-single digit. Given what we’re coming off of in the third quarter, I think we’ll probably be a touch below that for the full year.
Don Mulligan: I don’t know if I’d say more burdened. It certainly depends on us getting back on model on the operating side, sales and SOP growth. We’re getting to the bottom line number this year, but we’re not getting to it in the way we intended at the beginning of the year. Next year, we intend to build a plan that gets us there starting from the top line and working through SOP all the way down to EPS.
