JeffHarmening: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ken. I mean contrary to what's been written we actually really haven't seen an impact on our businesses as witnessed by the strong Q2 results on Blue Buffalo including Wilderness which happens to be grain-free. That along with Life Protection Formula really led our growth in the quarter. I do think it's important to take a step back and remember why we get into this in the first place. And what we bought was a great brand and a great category and brand that travels across different diet types both grain containing and grain-free and travels across channel. And you can see that with our results in E-commerce and FDM. And so while there has been a lot of talk of grain-free, we haven't seen it in our business and our trends even in Pet Specialty really haven't changed on grain-free. And I also think it's important that in this discussion we don't lose sight of the fact that the FDA has really, they have not identified a call to link or drawn any conclusions. They have -- they have brought it to people's attention clearly, but they have not drawn call to link. And I would also like to say that along with our human food, we work closely with the FDA and the rest of the pet industry as well. Now there has been slowdown in grain-free and category but there are a lot of moving pieces. I mean part of that's probably a shift to Blue Buffalo and part of that is channel shifting and all the rest. But there has been a slowdown in the grain-free segment although blue Buffalo and our grain-free products we really haven't seen that.
JeffHarmening: Well. I mean I think I'll start that--look, I'll start answering that question with something I mentioned briefly and Blue Buffalo plays really well across all diet types. And I think that's really important to note. The second thing, I guess, I would like to say that we have some product lines that even though they are technically grain-free they also have a -- they are also benefited high-protein. So I look at Wilderness and while it's grain-free it's also true that it's high in protein and many consumers buy because of that. We don't have-- we certainly don't have any plans to reformulate products, but if we ever needed to we can certainly shift. We currently can make some shifts and make some changes. As I said, we don't have plans to do that now because we haven't seen an impact. And we don't feel the need but should that need arise, we certainly can.
JeffHarmening: As we look ahead, Andrew, I mean I think one of the things I would say, first of all, that we're most encouraged by it. If you look at the growth we have in pet distribution we've had for more than a year it's up 45%. And so the idea that once distribution stops or growth stops is not something that we subscribed to. And that actually follows what happens in human food. A lot of times when we launched new products into a channel, people are still finding those products for a couple of years. And so it's actually not surprising to us that we will see continued growth in pet and channels where we already exist. It's actually quite good. So as we look at, as we look at F-2021, the first thing I would tell you, even though we have a quite a bit of distribution already, we should -- I think pet parents are still going to be finding Blue Buffalo especially in the food, drug and mass. So I think we will see continued growth in that.  On Pet Specialty, we'll look to turnaround some of those trends in the pet specialty because we think that we can do better and through promotions that are suited to that channel, as well as some new product innovations, Carnivora is just the beginning and continued. [Tech Difficulty]
JeffHarmening: Don just said in 50 calls this is a first for him. [Multiple Speakers] So, I am going to first refer to Jeff, Jeff was I think probably talking for a little while longer about our pet growth opportunities. 
JeffHarmening: I am sorry, it was nice. Look, the other thing I was saying that it was in the other opportunity is really through innovation through wet and treat and one of the things we will be -- we are spending more money in the back half of this year on is on innovation. And you will see that come to fruition in F-2021 and to dimensionalize it, the wet and treat part of the pet food category is about 45% of the categories almost $15 billion in sales and we weigh under-index. So our share of dry dog food is probably about 10%. Our share of wet and treat us somewhere in the 3% to 4% range and so the opportunity is enormous. And so as we look to next year, we think we can grow through continuing to do what we do well which is build the Blue brand, continue with pet parents finding in a channel and through wet and treat innovation. 
JeffHarmening: Yes. With regard to pet specialty, the results aren't particularly surprising to us in pet specialty. It doesn't mean we liked them and we're not working to turn them around. And the reason we've had tough results in pet specialty, I think there are two reasons. One is that in two of our biggest players were down on distribution quite a bit. And until we start lapping that which should be in the back half of the year we will continue to be down in. The second is we haven't had a lot of --we haven't had a lot of off-shelf placements on marketing in those channels which we're also looking to turn around. And so that's not all that surprising. The other thing is that the E-commerce channel does interact quite a bit with pet superstores. And we've had strong performance in E-commerce over the years including this latest quarter. And so that's probably accounts for some of those declines as well. But we're working. It's an important channel for us. And even if we're not surprised, it doesn't mean we're happy. And so our goal will then be to improve that performance in the near term. When it comes to E-commerce, there has been a lot written about e-commerce and I think especially about I think Chewy announced I think last quarter a 40% growth in their business. I think it's important to remember that their growth also includes pharmacy and hardgoods and not only pet food. In terms of our growth, we feel great with a number one pet food online. We're the number one CPG brand online. And we continue to grow with pet parents. And so in terms of market share there are probably three different sources for market share. We used two of them and according to that we're actually growing share in the channel. We haven't used Nielsen, frankly, because their data has not been as reliable as we would have wanted it to. To the extent that that changes here overtime we will pick up Nielsen. But we stopped using them because the data was not as robust as we needed it to be. I think it's also important to remember that Nielsen includes all E-commerce channels not just pure-plays like Chewy and Amazon but things like Target and Walmart and all the rest.
JeffHarmening: I would say for Wilderness, our pricing is higher on average than it is for the rest of the line and our margins are very robust. I'm not going to get into specifics of that, but our margins are very robust. And so as those with all our pet food. So I would say Wilderness is our biggest grain-free line and it's got good margins and higher price point.
JeffHarmening: Yes. So on DCM, I'll probably reiterate a statement I made a little bit earlier, which is to say that we haven't seen an impact on our business from this. Now there are a lot of moving pieces with channels and distribution bills and all the rest, but we have not seen an impact on our business from the discussion of DCM and there has been quite a bit of discussion. There's been a slowdown in the grain free segment within the category. So that also has to be said and some channels are impacted more than others, particularly the Pet Specialty channel more than the Food, Drug, and Mass channel. And so we'll certainly keep an eye on that. But from what we see now, it hasn't had an impact on our business and of course we're dedicated to -- Blue Buffalo was created with a mission to create the healthiest pet food possible and we'll maintain on that mission. And with regard to DCM and any other issues affecting pets, we're in constant communication with the FDA as well as the rest of the pet industry. In terms of our first half versus second half and kind of what we're prioritizing, I guess I would say our goal has been for the last few years and again this year is really stay in the middle of both. And we're increasing our organic sales, but we want to make sure we do that in a way that is disciplined. And I think if you look at our full year, we'll be able to accomplish that and we'll be able to accomplish that by increasing our organic growth rate and we'll accelerate that in the back half of the year as well as raising guidance on our free cash flow conversion and maintaining our guidance on our profitability. So if you look at the whole year, I would say that our goal is to increase our organic growth rate but to do so in a way that is as efficient as possible. It is true that in the first half of the year we accelerated our profitability more than we did our organic growth and I think you'll see a little bit of a change to that in the back half of the year as we spend more on brand building and we have confidence in the ideas that we have. We've got really good ideas on really big brands. So whether it's in Snacks with Nature Valley and Fiber One or whether it's in Yoplait Yogurt or whether it's on things like Cheerios or Cinnamon Toast Crunch, we have really good marketing ideas on really big brands and so we're going to -- you'll see us spend behind that in brand building in the back half of the year to accelerate organic sales growth.
JeffHarmening: Well, first I would say that our Pet performance seems to be pretty good right now. So we're going to keep doing what we've been doing and add innovation on top of that. A couple of things I think to remember. The first is that the Bishop family; Billy and Bill Senior and really Chris; they'll still be involved in the business as advisors going forward. And I just had a conversation with Bill yesterday and so they bring a lot of pet expertise and they will continue to bring that expertise. It just won't be in an operational role, it will be in an advisory capacity. The second is that we have a strong leadership team in place that's going to carry over. So we have someone who's been in Blue Buffalo for a long time leading our marketing organization and leading supply chain. We have an HR professional that's been there for a while as well as someone in finance. So the leadership surrounding Bethany who is going to remain in place and they've been very effective. And then finally, Bethany herself. We have a tremendous amount of confidence in Bethany and she's a great culture builder and has proven she can drive growth as she has in CNF and she's excited to do the same thing in Pet with the team around here. So we feel good about the leadership transition. Obviously the Bishops are fantastic and we will miss them, but they will remain involved and we have a great deal of confidence in Bethany and the rest of the herd.
JeffHarmening: Yes. So, the transition is going smoothly. Dana is being replaced in Cereal by Ricardo Fernandez, who is an exceptional leader with really good knowledge of the Cereal category. So one of the things I feel great about is that we have a very good team of people Cereal experts here at General Mills. And I would also say Dana has had a great team in Cereal and they're remaining in place. So we've got good people in marketing and finance and operations and so the rest of that team is remaining in place and they're a very talented group. And so my expectation is that we'll continue to grow Cereal as we have in the US. Dana is a fantastic leader. She knows Europe very well. She spent time with me at CPW so I know Dana well. And so she knows the European market context. She's a very good marketer, she really likes to grow. And so looking forward to what she can do with that business and continue similar trajectory we've had on Old El Paso and maybe even improve it further and improve what we've done on bars which has been really good and Haagen-Dazs. And then she'll have a chance to make sure we get our Yogurt business in Europe back to growth, which has underperformed along with the rest of the yogurt category. So, she's a terrific leader who understands the market and she'll be starting there in about 10 days. End of Q&A
DonMulligan: We continue to see strong return on the investments we made in global sourcing for example. Our HMM is tracking on plan. It will fully offset our 4% inflation this year. It tends to be --it is running fairly consistently quarter-to-quarter. We expect both in the front and the back half for inflation and HMM to kind of run in lockstep. And that's what's an elevated HMM results partially driven by the global sourcing that you referenced.
DonMulligan: Sure, I guess I'll step back first and just talk about margins more broadly. We are pleased with the way the middle of the P& L is developing this year. You're seeing a consistent improvement in our expansion and our gross margin. And even when you strip out lapping, the inventory step-up on pet from last year and the timing benefit this year you are seeing a 30 to 40 basis point improvement in margins and gross margins in both the first and second quarter. And you're also seeing that we're investing back in higher media which has been running mid single digits and actually increased in the second quarter versus the first quarter. And our admin is well controlled. So we're getting leverage there which is leading to the improved, through the first half of the improved operating margin as well.  So we like to structure. As we look to the second half, there are three things that we referenced. We're going to see a step-up in our brand investment. That's going to be in the mid-teens and to put in perspective; we run an annual media budget of last year was around $600 million. We will also see increasing in investments. We talked at the beginning of the year about getting deeper in data analytics to support our strategic revenue management and E-commerce activities. And we will continue to invest in those and increase that investment in the second half. We've also start spending some money on pet innovation which again will benefit beyond --our beyond our F-2020.  And the last piece is the shipments. And the reason I recap them or the timing, excuse me. And the reason I recap them because really that is the order of impact as well. So I want to make sure the first two pieces are not lost. So third on the timing, there are two components. It's the manufacturing leverage in North America retail which will --which was created as we increased inventory in the second quarter and we will unwind largely in the third quarter. And then a small benefit from shipment timing in pet. Together, those will be about $25 million benefit or benefit in Q2 reverse in the second half again largely in the third quarter. But again, there are three components. All are material and the timing is actually the smaller of the three.
DonMulligan: So for the second half if you just do a squeeze, we're 7% on operating profit. We're 7% up in the first half, our guidance is 2% to 4% so it squeezes to flat to slightly down in the second half. I mean that's just the math and as we alluded to, there is particularly pressure because of the unwinding of the inventory and the Pet sales timing in Q3. And we'll also see a step-up in our media and in the capability building in Q3 and through the second -- through the fourth quarter. So you will see those pressures come through probably more acutely in the third quarter than the fourth quarter and the fourth quarter obviously will also benefit from the extra month in Pet and the extra week across the business. That's the phasing. The promotional expenses were not trade, they were actually in we call other consumer so they're in SG&A. And to your point, they were down a touch, but media was up strong mid-single digits in the quarter. And again as we said in the second half, we expect media to be up mid-teens in the balance of the year. So we continue to invest behind our brands. We're seeing it more directly in our media budget and media spending this year and we expect that to step up in the second half.
DonMulligan: I'd say it's not. The media spend is in addition. I'll let Jon talk a little about the trade in a second, but I'll just go back to the comment I made to Andrew's question is. If you step back and look at the shape of the P&L the way it's coming in this year, you're seeing the benefit of all the work that we're doing in terms of gross margin. Ex the timing and the purchase accounting adjustment from last year, gross margin is expanding about 30 basis points to 40 basis points in the first half and that was in both quarters. Media is up mid-single digits through the first half and again accelerated in the second quarter and our admin expenses have been held in check. And so, we're leveraging those to drive operating margin expansion and that's what we expected to do during the year. As Jeff alluded to, we actually came in a bit more -- with a bit higher profit in the first half than we had originally anticipated and that gives us some flexibility to invest in the back half. That investment is going to be in media, in capabilities, in future growth initiatives such as the Pet innovation not in higher trade. So Jon, if you want to comment a bit about the environment you're seeing.
AndrewLazar: Good morning, everybody. Happy holidays. I guess, first off more of a quick one. I guess , Don, are you able to help maybe quantify or maybe put some parameters around the benefit from some of the timing that you talked about in pet shipments and manufacturing leverage in any retail that is set to unwind in the second half. 
AndrewLazar: Great and that's helpful. And then your comment on pets are good segue to my next question which is thinking about the runway for growth there, this fiscal year obviously you're seeing the benefit from the white space distribution fill and the FDM channel and not only from Life Protection Formula but Wilderness sub-brand as well. Is the opportunity as we head into fiscal 2021 become less about channel fill and more about I guess product form? Thinking about like wet and treats. And if so, I guess what does the analysis suggests to you around the magnitude of that opportunity as we go forward? Thank you.
AndrewLazar: Yes. We got cut off, I'll tell you, yes, I could help you there. We got cut off right after Jeff had said we still see opportunity obviously in some of the core channels that you're in and then you were just going to kind of transition to the next part of the point.
JonNudi: Dara, this is Jon Nudi. I will jump in and take both those questions. On cereal, we feel really, really good about our performance to date. The quarter was a terrific one. We were up 5% from an RNS standpoint. And it's really being driven by fundamentals. If you look at our marketing, we feel great about where we are in our major brands. In fact, we had the best quarter on cereals in over a decade with our total Cheerios franchise up 6.5%. Jeff mentioned some of our kids' cereals and Reese's Puffs and Travis Scott collaboration. So feel really good about our marketing and our big brands, at the same time our innovation is quite strong as well. In fact, we have the top four new products introduced over the last year in the category and nearly 50% of all the new category volume from new products is coming from General Mills. So feel really good about the fundamentals. And you mentioned the comp; we were a bit softer last year in Q2 from a merchandising standpoint. And obviously, we benefited from that. Our comps get a bit more challenging in the back half but as I look at the fundamentals behind marketing and innovation, we feel like we're going to compete very effectively as we move through the back half of the year. So we feel really, really good about cereal.  And importantly, the category was actually flat for the first time in quite some time in the quarter as well. It continues to get better over time. And we feel good about the future of the category and certainly the way that we're competing. Switching to Yogurt. As Jeff mentioned, our goal that we set at the beginning of the year was to improve from a minus two that we delivered in fiscal 2019. We took a bit of a step back. We were down 3% through the first half. And really two major drivers of that, one was that we lost some significant distribution at several major customers last January. We'll lap those distribution declines next month. And again, we think that'll be an inflection point. And also in the summer of fiscal 2019, we brought up the second line on Oui. And as a result, we spend a tremendous amount around marketing support to really drive that business.  In fact, in Q2 last year, wheat was up almost 40%. So our comps normalize in the back half on Oui. And that will help us from a comp standpoint. We feel really good about our core business. Original style Yoplait or Yogurt was up 1% in the quarter. Go Gurt was actually up 10%. We had some really great taste news. And we feel good about our new product lineup for the back half as well as Jeff mentioned, we are launching a new nondairy Oui which has coconut based. So we've got a Starburst promotion as well. So we believe that Oui are still on track to meet our objective of improvement from the minus two and we see Yogurt strengthened as we move through the back half.
JonNudi: Yes. I would tell you I don't think that's something that we're super focused on. Again, we think that across each of our lines we are very clear view of who consumers are. Our OSY, Original Style Yoplait, again that's where we probably see the highest private label interaction. And as I mentioned, we grew 1% even seeing private-label gain pretty strongly. So we believe if we focus on innovation and building our brands, we can be successful. And again, we believe that we're going to have strengthened the back half and meet our objective. 
JonNudi: Yes. So Robert, our trade spending in the US is relatively stable year-over-year. We're leveraging strategic revenue management to try to get more from those dollars and leveraging that whole toolkit but relatively stable. And we're really excited about the opportunities on the brand building side. I'd tell you that we've got probably more ideas than ever in terms of where we can get behind and there are proven drivers and invest behind big brands like Cheerios with heart health news, we're seeing amazing results. So we'll be competitive and compete in our categories from a trade standpoint and will build our brands where we have media as well. So, we feel really good about the few we have to drive our business forward.
JonNudi: Sure, Laurent. This is Jon. So as I mentioned earlier, we were a bit softer in the first half than we'd like on our Yogurt business. And as I mentioned, we feel like we've got drivers in place to improve in the back half. Some of the things you asked about our Good Valley as well as YQ, I would tell you candidly they did not perform as well as we would have hoped through the first half. I would say distribution is a bit below -- lower than what we would have liked, particularly on Good Valley. We've got some real pockets of success and we're drilling in to understand what's working and how we can expand that brand out. As we move to the back half, we are excited about our innovation line up. As you know, plant-based yogurt is growing nicely, it's still relatively small and we think that coming with the repackaging will be a real point of difference and we love the product as well. So we think that will help us as we move forward and play in a really important part of the category that's growing quickly. So we'll continue to innovate and iterate in that category. I'll tell you there's probably more innovation in Yogurt than the other 25 categories we compete in the US and we as a result, recognize that we have to have a strong pipeline and continue to bring ideas as the consumer is continually looking for new things in the category.
