Shawn P. O'Grady: Yeah, I think that's right, Ken. And I think if I were to add a word to I'd say it's mixed but stable for right now, over the past quarter. In the categories that we compete in we saw an increase in quality merch support across the categories of 1%, which is nominal. So as Ken mentioned, it is when you look at the broad swath it's 1% category by category. Depending on the position of the players that we compete with, there is some increased activity, or as you indicated David there are some competitors who are backing off their merchandising. But overall I would say stable.
Shawn P. O'Grady: Just to reiterate the kind of the -- our focus in cereal will be on the gluten-free news, which is probably the best piece of renovation news that we've had in a long time and that really is just hitting shelves now. So we feel good about the merchandising we've lined up with customers because they've been very excited about that news. And as Ken said, our seasonal merchandising, as we went into the holidays last year, I think was more tepid just in execution than we expected to be this year.
Shawn P. O'Grady: Yeah, just the timing of the- back-to-schools a week later and so this year versus last year. So you'll see more activity in September than you did a year ago.
Shawn P. O'Grady: So I will take them separately. So in the baking area, where we’ve really shifted our attention to, getting the price point at the shelf right, that’s already been executed, and we’re already seeing the stabilization of that business. On the joint ventures front where it’s the value that's being delivered by increased products in the box, that takes longer to actually execute and get the flow through on the shelf. And so that will probably take us, I would say another 60 days to get it fully on shelf and get a good clean read.
Shawn P. O'Grady: Yeah, thanks for the questions Alexia. Both of them really good, on the e-commerce front, in the U.S. food sales that are going through online are between 1% and 2%. Now that's changing pretty quickly, meaning moving from 1% to 2%. If you said what does it look like out four or five years ahead, all the projections I've seen are in the 5% to 6% range. So it's going to be a high growth area. Obviously Amazon is leading some of the thought there, Wal-Mart.com is investing a great deal to make sure that they and utilizing their stores to make sure they are competitive. And that really is causing all the players in the marketplace to one of the actives in the e-commerce space.  So an important place for us to play, we believe, as I mentioned with our portfolio, whether it's small hard to find items or our top turning items, we believe that we're well positioned to capture that growth. As far as the long tail and our look at, our overall distribution of SKUs, they've been several efforts over the years by I would say all the manufacturers to go through SKU rationalization. And in general SKU rationalization, if you just cut off the tail, because a lot of those items are either highly profitable or are covering a lot of overhead, that doesn't really work. So the job first is to get better distribution on the high turning SKUs and replace, get those slower turning off the shelves so that when you do discontinue them, the impact of those is very small at that point.  So our first job is to really move our distribution up to our fastest turning items and then consider what things we can discontinue. 
Shawn P. O'Grady: Just to put one final point on what Ken just said, that the piece that will really shift the U.S. landscape on e-commerce is one that moves from being single item search to being full basket, online search, which it has in the places Ken mentioned in Europe and other parts of the world. And you can see that coming and so that's why we expect the growth projections to materialize. 
Shawn P. O'Grady: On inventories, we believe that our inventory levels are actually inline as we go in to Q2 this year. That was not as much the case last year when we were in this position. So I would expect, as Don indicated earlier that kind of our movements and our earnings [ph] should kind of track well from here on now.
Donal L. Mulligan: Yes, it's about $0.05, I think it is. I think we had $0.04 in July, it's $0.09 now. So about $0.05 swing. And obviously the U.S. dollar strengthens, the Canadian dollars, it’s the A dollars, the euro, the Brazilian real. So yeah we see more of a headwind in our reported results from currency.
Donal L. Mulligan: Good question. That is a fiscal ‘16 estimate. So it will be a partial year, depending on when the deal closes, that's -- hence the reason we gave you a range. As we’ve talked about, Eric you and I talked about, I talked with other investors, as we talk about our portfolio the reason we’re often asked why don’t we do -- why aren't we more active from a divestiture standpoint and one of the things we always come to is we have very profitable cash generative brands. And so Green Giant has a little under $600 million in sales last fiscal. Its margins were in the upper teens and that’s going to be lost income this year. We’re obviously going to use the proceeds to, as we said half of it is going to be used to reduce debt, half is going to be used to buy back shares. So that will have a somewhat mitigating impact on the results, but at the end of the day it’s a profitable business and hence the reason we got a pretty fair price from B&G.
Donal L. Mulligan: Yes, a small, certainly a significant amount of direct overhead, that will go and there is some stranded overhead that will go as well during the course of this year, that's in those numbers as well.
Donal L. Mulligan: Yeah, those are the key drivers. Actually the other one is we’re seeing growth in U.S. Retail, that obviously has a beneficial mix impact to it, slight favorable mix impact. But you hit the big three and let me just address that, and I think what's probably a question about our balance of the year as well, because you do hit on what is going to change as the year unfolds. So we had a benefit, as you recall a year ago we had higher merchandising expense in the first quarter. We spend much of last year working that down and we started seeing the benefit of that in the back half of the year. We started seeing gross margin expansion starting in Q4.  We also have the benefit of our cost savings, that is still primarily hitting our administrative expenses, but we are starting to see some benefit in our gross margin as well. And then inflation, inflation in the first quarter was less than 1%. We still expect to be 2% for the full year. So obviously we'll above 2% for the next three quarters, and that had a beneficial impact, disproportional beneficial impact in Q1. And those three items rolled relatively equal in terms of their impact in the quarter and as the year unfolds.  And so we certainly had planned for a very strong Q1, as Ken mentioned in his remarks, in the earnings release, and we're pleased to see it come through. 
Donal L. Mulligan: It will be that same level but it will be something incremental to that. In the next year we'd have a full impact of the share reduction and the debt reduction. So it will be south of the $0.05 to $0.07, but it will be incremental since this year is only partial year.
Donal L. Mulligan: This year we were up 290 basis points. Last year in the comparable quarter we were down, I believe was 200 basis points. So to think about a full year increase in the 50 to 100 basis points is a pretty fair range to be in.
Donal L. Mulligan: We were pleased with the sales growth. I think the cost pieces that came in were pretty much right in line with our expectations, because again they were pretty foreseeable in terms of the merchandising timing, the cost savings, the inflation. What I would say is we are very pleased with U.S. retail sales. The volume came in probably a point ahead of our expectations and from a company standpoint; stripping out Annie’s and ForEx we had organic volume growth of 1% and price mix of 1%. So a total sales of, organic sales growth of 2% and we haven’t seen a quarter like that in a couple of years.  So we felt good about the start, and what I would say is we’ll continue to monitor that and we’ll handle the proceeds of that similar to what we’ve done with our plan and our cost savings which is if we see some plus there is going to be we invest back and some that we flow and we will keep you apprised of what we see.
Donal L. Mulligan: I think that is a fair recap. We feel good about the quarter, it did come a little ahead of our expectation, on the top line and obviously flowed through to the -- a little bit better on the bottom line but it’s only one quarter, and as Ken and Shawn talked about most of our initiatives are still in front of us which we feel good about but we want to see play out before we revise our expectations for the full year.
Donal L. Mulligan: Well, first of all, I will tackle the question on the earnings. I mean, again we were 20% down, strip out ForEx it was 30 -- it was 3% and that has a number of factors, anything from transaction FX to launch cost for Yoplait in China. So some timing items as well. We still fully expect not only mid-single digit sales growth on a constant currency basis in international but margin expansion on top of that. So we still feel good about how the year will play out.  In terms of your question on pricing, pricing comes into play locally, when there is local inflation that’s offsetting it. If there is not necessarily economic factors that are driving it, it’s a little bit tougher to get pricing in the marketplace but we take pricing where we believe that we have the opportunity to do it and you have seen that come through probably most fully in our Latin American markets overtime where you do see local inflation.
Donal L. Mulligan: We can follow up with you. My recollection is that it's been -- it was pretty stable. It was better in Q4 and it was, I mean we were kind of -- we were down 1% here in Q1. But I mean it's basically been stable. And so I would say it didn't worsen. Of course we'd like -- we need to see it improve.
Donal L. Mulligan: Well, I'll take the Annie's question, Jonathan. Annie's was a three point benefit to our net sales U.S. overall net sales. Two points of that was volume and one point was price mix.
