Donal Mulligan: Yes, that's exactly the way to look at it. The $2.60 to $2.62 includes our normal share repurchase rate, and then with Yoplait, we're going to redirect some of those funds for the acquisition. So the way to think about that $0.01 drag, I must say [ph], the underlying is from an operating standpoint net of the share repurchase reduction. From an operating standpoint, we’ll actually be about neutral, then we have about $0.01 of amortization -- intangible amortization that will drag. So kind of cash neutral once that reported drag. And that assumes that we have about 10 months of operating results for Yoplait.
Donal Mulligan: Chris, I guess just for perspective, what I would add is if you look at our results for the quarter for U.S. Retail, we had about a 400 basis point expansion in price mix. And if you look at Nielsen, our average unit price is actually increased a bit north of that in the most reported 12 weeks. So I think we are seeing it come through.
Donal Mulligan: Yes, Andrew, this is Don. I think there's a couple of things you want to take into consideration as you think about modeling. One is we do expect some modest decline in our volumes. That obviously has a knock-on effect on our margins. And so as we see that come through -- and obviously from a pricing standpoint, that's part of what's driving those volume numbers. And as we think about our -- the pricing that we are putting through, yes, we’re pricing largely to offset the dollar inflation. That's why you see the margin compression that we talked about in our gross margin. So we're not pricing again within this 12 months to fully retain the gross margin percentage but ensure that we're at least offsetting the inflation dollars.
Donal Mulligan: Yes, Terry, if your question is that the media spend guidance we gave is, growing at least in line with sales growth, that's for our existing business. It doesn't include Yoplait International impact.
Donal Mulligan: As Ken alluded to, we'll provide further detail on the operating plans hopefully on the 13th we meet, assuming we get everything closed between now and then. But to think about it, with all these [ph] -- if you think about business that we're acquiring, it will be about -- it's a little over $1 billion, $1.2 billion in sales. Our share of the operating profits will add somewhere between a nickel and a dime to our earnings. Obviously, it will be probably at the lower end of that this year because it’s going to be a partial year. As we look at FY '13, we expect to move to the upper end of that range. The combination of that is going to be, as I said, basically cash neutral this year with $0.01 drag to the amortization of the intangibles. As we get into F '13, we expect the operating performance to at least equal what we have in the intangibles, so reporting neutral but cash accretive and then growing from there. And again, we'll provide more color to the specifics behind that next month.
Donal Mulligan: I could add -- let me just finish up to -- a couple of people have asked now about the Yoplait impact. And obviously, I've seen a lot of the cuts that all of you have taken to try and estimate what the EPS impact would be. And I think there's this probably 2 fundamental differences in terms of what we're guiding to now versus some of the analysis I've seen and it's the fact that we're funding it through shares and a lot of people model it through debt. We're doing that primarily because we do want to retain our BBB+ rating, and we are looking at our credit ratings. And as we've talked about acquisitions in the past, we've always indicated that they will be funded through share repurchase dollars being redirected. And so that's what we're doing here, and that's probably causing probably $0.03 to $0.04 difference from what many of you have modeled. And then the other is the non-cash charge, the amortization of the intangibles, which would be a bit over a $0.01 in F '12. And maybe upwards of rounding to $0.02 in F '13 and going forward. And again, non-cash, I don't think people have modeled that typically. So I think that's where you get the difference between the guidance that we're giving you today and some of the modeling I've seen in your papers.
Donal Mulligan: Yes, no, we had -- I'd say 3 things. One of which was coming through the year, which was the increased pension expense that we had each quarter, but the 2 things that came through in the last quarter, would be that, that’s typical we had where we put through our contribution to our foundation, to the General Mills Foundation, so that was on the order of $20 million to $30 million in the quarter. I'm looking around to make sure that I have that number correct. I know we did actually have -- our stock price made nice appreciation in the quarter, and as we recorded some of our restricted stock expense that -- by about $10 million to $12 million in the quarter as well. So those were kind of one-offs in the quarter. It doesn’t necessarily indicate a higher run rate as we look into F '12.
Donal Mulligan: The only thing I would add, Eric, is if you’re comparing back to '09, I can absolutely understand how you gravitate to that comparison is F '09 was a 53-week year, fiscal year, also, so we have that as benefiting our bottom line.
Donal Mulligan: Yes, it's a very fair question. Let me kind of parse it all out. I guess what I'd give it as a macro view first is that when we think about our earnings growth, we, first of all, fundamentally look at our sales and operating profit growth. EPS is clearly an important figure, but we want to make sure that we're creating businesses that are going to drive that operating profit growth. That's what we think we've added with the Yoplait acquisition. The thing about the financing, we do want to make sure that we retain a capital structure that nears -- that allows us the fundamental strength and the flexibility as we move forward. We think BBB+ is the right place to be, both from a borrowing standpoint and that financial flexibility standpoint. To hold that rating, it seems using share repurchases dollars or what could be share repurchase dollars for this acquisition, it's a little bit separate from our dividend decision. The dividend decision quite honestly from going 9% versus something a little bit lower isn't a significant dollar decision, but it’s important that we continue to move that dividend in that high single-digit that really we've committed to over time and certainly we have delivered against over the most recent past. So as we think about our return to shareholders, the key thing is in regards to Yoplait acquisition is how do you add businesses that are going to help you drive that top line growth and the operating profit, and that's what that acquisition did. The funding of it then is maintaining our capital structure.
Donal Mulligan: Vincent, this is Don. I think what everybody’s seeing across the industry is a pretty significant step-up of inflation. I think we've seen our peers call out high single-digit even double-digit rates as well. So I think everyone's feeling this in the near term. And clearly, if you look at across -- again, we have a broad basket. If you look across our commodity basket whether it's grain or energy or dairy, you can look year-over-year and see -- on the spot market and see 40%, 50% even 70%, 80% increase in some of those commodities. So the higher rate of inflation I think is very much industry-wide. As far as our hedge position, we’re coming in this year a little over 50% hedged. It's about the same place we were a year ago. And so we're comfortable with our hedge position as we come into the year. At least we’re consistent with a year ago. And as we look back on the past year, we do think we hedged pretty well in upward sloping market. So obviously as those hedges roll off, we feel the impact of those. That's what we see the highest inflation pinch in this first quarter.
Donal Mulligan: Our expectations across the entire food industry is there was a bit of a price deflation in the store over the past year in 2010. You didn’t see a marked uptick in volume. As pricing starts coming through because of these pressures I just talked about, we [indiscernible] across the industry to see significant decline as well. That said, we’re being cautious in our assumptions on the full year, just given the current economic state and particularly the health of the consumer. Now in terms of the near term, we talk about the fourth quarter, we’re rolling over significantly strong volume growth on a comparable weeks basis from a year ago. So we knew we'd be down in the quarter. We also have some certain promotional timing shifts this year where some large programs will be running in the second quarter versus the first quarter a year ago. And that will impact the volume in the first quarter, which is also why we feel the most both volume and profit pressure in that first quarter. And so the volumes, as we see them coming in now, they're really meeting our expectations. Q4 we know is tough to read because of that year-over-year comparison, but kind of a month into the quarter, a month into the year and the quarter, volumes are about where we expect them to be.
Donal Mulligan: Yes, I will also add one other point on the media is, Rob, it’s also -- you have to look relatively as well. In the U.S. we actually gained share of voice this year. So it's important to look at where we are relative to competition, not just to our prior year. As far as the restructuring, we always evaluate where our assets are and how productive they are, but fundamental is really HMM and our managing of margins isn't about necessarily down-peeling bricks and mortars. It's about innovation and finding new ways to produce or to formulate products and to deliver them to the customers. And so we haven't had to rely on a lot of restructuring. We have done some targeted restructuring in our Bakeries and Foodservice over the last 4 or 5 years, and you’ve seen the benefit of that in a business where profits have virtually tripled over the last -- over that time period. So we do, do it in a very targeted manner, and we certainly do review our asset base on a regular basis. But as we think about HMM in our ongoing productivity, it is really more about process formulation, delivery changes and less about bricks and mortars.
Kendall Powell: Yes, I mean, I guess what I would say on that is that we anticipated this level of inflation pretty well as we finished. We're in the sort of spring of this year, moving on from the third and into the fourth quarter. And it's come out broadly the way we thought it would. And as you know, we began taking a series of pricing actions and planning for a set of merchandising changes broadly across the line. And those have been really all announced and pretty much all executed over the last 2 quarters. So we feel that we're -- that we've planned for this level of inflation and have implemented the pricing that we will need over this next period of time. We've done that pretty well. Now obviously, we're in a volatile environment, and so we monitor inputs very closely. As you know we never comment prospectively about future pricing. But I think what I would say at this point in time is that we -- I think we planned well for what has, in fact, come to pass, and we have -- we've worked with our retailers well over the last 3 to 4 months. And we've got the pricing that we think we need through.
Kendall Powell: We don't really look to price for the absolute peak of inflation that we would see. I mean, I think what we're reflecting is the inflation that we're facing. We've got very good HMM continuing to come through. There's a competitive reality out there. We really want to -- it's really important to us to stay in the zone with our key branded and private label competitors. So we're balancing all of that. And our take is that all of that addition doesn't get us quite all the way to covering the full 11% of inflation. But we think that on balance, we're positioned in the correct way for the business.
Kendall Powell: Yes, Andrew, I think the way for you to think about that is that inflation estimate of 10% to 11%, think of that as global, very broad-based look at our commodity basket as we look around the world. So I wouldn't look for differences, one to another -- I mean, there can be differences from division to division, depending on their specific product mix, but it's a global number.
Kendall Powell: Yes, the pricing, I think from segment to segment might vary a bit. In U.S. Retail, it's going to be mid-single-digit. And as Don said, we've seen pretty -- I mean, an awful lot of that already coming through. So we think we're pretty close to where we're going to end up in U.S. Retail, and you guys can track and see that as well. In the Foodservice side, for instance, where it's more of a fully sort of grain-based product line, the pricing will be higher there. And that also is pretty much through.
Kendall Powell: Yes, I'm looking around the room, Andrew, to get hand signals from -- I mean, I think -- it's certainly, it's comparable to higher, and we feel quite good about the -- we think that the quality and we've got some -- I mean, we've just got some very good ones. We think that the cereals are really good. The Fiber -- the 90-Calorie Brownie, we’ve just had a string of very good innovation in that healthy snacking sector and so we think that's going to be good and we've got ample capacity which I think is an important point in that division to really supply everything that we anticipate. We like Pizza Stuffers a lot, which has been test marketed for the last few years. I'm being facetious. But it's a very successful product in Canada. And so we have a lot of confidence in that whole kind of frozen handheld sector. We think the Pillsbury breakfasts are good offerings and have been well received. So we feel quite good about what we've gone out with here in the first quarter, and we'll have more. We'll have more good new products as we come into the second half of the year. So we've got a good lineup of innovation here.
Kendall Powell: No. No, Terry. We haven't really -- other than the transaction expense comments that Don made, I mean we haven't really shown you any operating detail on Yoplait because we haven't closed the sale yet. We will do that in mid-July.
Kendall Powell: And I guess, just the last thing to add, Terry, is these are market by market as we -- this thing comes our way. I mean, they're very good brands that respond very well to the things that we're good at. It's a category where innovation works, it’s a category where consumer marketing and innovation works. And they've done that well, and they’ve built some nice brands, and we look forward to working with them and bringing our capabilities to them. And they compete in this fabulous, huge and growing yogurt category. So the whole mix of opportunities there is quite exciting to us.
Kendall Powell: Eric, it's a good question, and I think it's a good sort of comparison to make. And you're right about the -- we had the same sort of -- same kind of pricing, we had HMM firing there in that the year, just as we do this year. I mean, we think we've planned the pricing well. HMM continues to work very well. The difference really is that consumer and the way the consumer is behaving, and the key thing going on in F '09 was we had a very meaningful shift from consumers eating Food-Away-From-Home to consumers moving into the grocery store. And that shift, I think, gave us a tailwind. So we had a combination of HMM volume growth and pricing, all of which came through and which led to the scenario that you just described. We don't see Food-Away-From-Home growing over the next few years. And this is something that we can -- we'll go into in a little more detail in July 13, but that sector has stabilized. And so we don't really see the dramatic shifts into the grocery right now, although obviously there's a good traffic in grocery stores, but we don't see that shift, and we do see the consumer as a -- it's a slow recovery. You guys all know and caution out there and so that I think is the reason for our caution on the volume piece of the equation.
Kendall Powell: No, Ed, I think what I'd say is we really do approach every year obviously with the commitment and the goal of being very closely in line with that long-term planning model. And just simply as we got deeper into the plan and the full impact of the inflation and, really, as we have talked over several questions over this past few minutes, really, tried to assess where we thought the consumer would be in response to the general level of inflation. That just led us to conclude that we need to be cautious about those variables as go into fiscal ‘12. So certainly, our starting point is also to stay model, but this a year that I think for very clear reasons, we chose to vary from that a little bit.
Kendall Powell: Yes, I mean it's very difficult and unwise, I think, to make -- to comment on what we’re -- on competitors, but I think that it's fair to say that in our industry where in-store promotion and merchandising is a key marketing lever, and so there are significantly high levels of promotion across most of our categories. I think as you approach increasing prices, I mean all of us are looking at a combination of list price increases and you've seen those. But also changes in promotional strategy often either through frequency sometimes and depth. And this is I think very clearly going to be part of the mix for everyone. As to how that plays out, I mean, there are timing elements to this. Different retailers have different planning approaches and it can take time for the merchandising piece to work its way through. And so not worth going into that now, but I'm quite confident that we're all looking at a mix of the 2 levers as we adjust our prices here.
Kendall Powell: Well, it's just very much the latter, Alexia. I mean I think the category if you think about historically has been a category that's expanded the new development of new segments. And so Greek is appealing to a new consumer and it's -- and retailers are expanding space in order to accommodate it. So that's what's happening. And as I said, obviously, we like that segment too. We've got a product there now that is turning. It's gaining share. We needed to add capacity to support it, and we have, which is a good problem to have. That will come on stream here later in the summer. And at that point, we'll have the mass and the capacity reserves to support advertising. So it's a good exciting segment and we are in there now with a product that's growing, and retailers are clearly seeing the yogurt category as a grower. And they're adding refrigerated space to support it.
Kendall Powell: Rob, let me take the first bit. I think about media -- first of all, thinking about it maybe in a 4- or 5-year trend, and I think in F '08, we were up double digits -- or F '09, double-digit, F '10 we were up, I think it was 24%, 25%. So very, very significant increases over a long period of time. We backed off I think appropriately some this year that we just concluded. And we're adding back I think at a good level in this year. So we’re adding to on already high level. The other point that I would underline is a comment I made in the prepared remarks. We're getting much better allocating more of the total media bucket to working media. So we're figuring out ways through HMM and all these disciplines to reduce the amount of money that's going into production and all of the related expenses so that the actual true media impact both last year and this year is above the spending impact. And I think we made the comment that we're now the #1 media advertiser in the food space in the U.S. And so I think that’s kind of sort of a long-winded way of saying obviously we're totally committed to having the right level of media support. We've got good growth this year supporting all of the core stuff that we have. We’ll have good support on all these new products that we're excited about. And the in-market impact will be even above the dollar figure that we’re giving to you. So yes, we feel just fine about that. Don, do you want to take the restructuring…
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Two things, I guess. First, wondering if for U.S. Retail specifically, what sort of, I guess, inflation are you looking for, as well as pricing? I guess I'm trying to get a sense, is retail consistent with the overall sort of corporate numbers that you talked about in terms of what to expect around inflation and pricing for the year, and then just a follow-up.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And then on the pricing part of that? Because again, I'm trying to see what you're looking for on the sort of the retail package piece whereas I know you have some bigger swings in pricing from time to time in Bakeries and Foodservice based on some of the business mix there.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Okay, so then if we think about 10% to 11% input cost inflation, just purely, just the math of it, it would seem as though 4% to 5% pricing would be able to kind of handle that, right, even excluding HMM? And it does seem like that sort of pricing is what you're looking for in fiscal '12. So what I'm just trying to get a sense of is if I'm missing something there or -- because you're looking for mid-single-digit pricing, which corporately just on its own would cover, call it, 10% to 11% inflation from an input cost standpoint. So I just want to make sure I've got the math right is all.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Got it, okay. Quick last one and I’ll sneak it in, just how do the 70 new products in the first half compare if you have it to sort of last year's first half rate? And that's it.
