Kendall Powell: You partly answered it. It is in fact, we did ship lots of new products over the course of the quarter. And as all of you know, it takes a while for those to move through the channel and start to get counted at retail, so that's part of the gap that you mentioned. You talked about mix, you also mentioned inventory, and I do want to remind all of you that first quarter, a year ago, our merchandising pressure was a quite a bit below average in our inventories, as a result our retail inventories were low. So as we've normalized merchandising, we've seen the inventories normalize behind that. So you kind of identified some factors in the first quarter. You also as you note, we're quite pleased generally with the overall effort in the first quarter. We like the new products. We're seeing some good trends across some important categories and we're encouraged by that. And going forward, I think we're looking for growth in low-single digits and it's always a little bit of all three. It's a little bit of volume and maybe a bit of price and a bit of mix and we do expect that Matthew to normalize here versus kind of a -- some of the year-over-year comps. In Q1 we expect to see that normalized as we go forward. Don, I don't know if you'd want to add anything to that.
Kendall Powell: For your first question, our premise on how the global economy is going to evolve is that we're going to continue to see globalization, economic growth and particularly in emerging markets, and by the way, while many of you have commented on the softening in emerging market economies overall. I mean I do want to point out that our business continues to be very strong in emerging markets. We had a very strong quarter in China and we're seeing terrific growth in Brazil. And I think the reason is that we are selling Center of Plate, very basic everyday food items to these consumers, I mean we're selling dim sum and egg rolls in China that are being consumed every night. When you think of our product line in Brazil, it's a very middleclass product line. Think of equivalent of helpers in the U.S. I mean that kind of captures I think the positioning of our brands in Brazil. So I'm very well targeted. These consumers continue to have growing disposable income and we're seeing tremendous growth in emerging markets and we think that's going to continue. And we think we're going to continue to see growing global demand for these basic commodities. Now, in terms of your comment on stocks, I mean every year is a new year. And when it comes to the harvest, and so you won't see us predicting anything there other than every year is a new year. This year it looks like it's going to be a better harvest and we may see stocks improve, but its one year at a time on that one. And I think as we all know volatility is what we should expect there. In terms of your comments on Wal-Mart, we haven't heard anything about that that would be new to us. In fact, I was visiting at Wal-Mart within the past several weeks and I will tell you that we had a very good conversation about innovation and what we can do to make sure that we've got high levels because of the belief that innovation drives traffic and it drives excitement in our categories. So we haven't heard anything about your comment on 200 suppliers and all that stuff. And so anyway -- so thank you for the question. I think you've got a follow up for Don or Jim.
Kendall Powell: Sure, first on the pulling levers on some brands that we haven't supported as much over the recent past. That's absolutely true. We see a lot of up of upside for supporting brands like Wheaties and Total and the like and we're doing it and we're doing it with different marketing vehicles. So it's not the standard TV plan. You're going to see a lot more in this social space as an example. So yes, that is upside for us. We have a lot of brands that are between half a share point and point that we can continue to increase the spending behind good marketing ideas. So that's the answer to your first question. And on the second question, I think that there is an emerging segment within the category where Cascadian Farms and our new Nature Valley Protein Granola fit, and we call it the nature space. That is growing at quite a nice cliff. It's still small relatively and it's still relatively less productive than the mainstream. But nonetheless, we think we have two terrific brands to capitalize on that trend, Cascadian Farm in the organic side and now Natural Valley, which I think is going to be a really strong brand in the cereal category operating in that type of a space of natural ingredients you can see.
Kendall Powell: We've been experimenting with marketing ideas, and we finally have likely pressed on it; and Wheaties is a good example, Monsters is another great example and we've got more in the pipeline on these smaller brands. This new era of marketing you can try a lot of ideas for very little money and really experiment with them and we're doing that quite effectively now. We're finding -- we're unlocking growth on some of these brands we haven't marketed for a while.
Kendall Powell: Well, I am not sure I fully understand your question. Let me repeat there was a difference in the level of promotion year-over-year. So first quarter last year I don't know if you recalled this, Chris, but we came out a little bit light and really over the course of our year we were, our self criticism was that our promotional plan was not really balanced the right way. And so this year we have a very balanced plan, a very steady pressure across over the course of the year. And the comparison in the first quarter is that there is more pressure in comparison to that quarter than a year ago.
Kendall Powell: Yeah, they are a little worse, probably penny or two worse, that's factored into our reaffirm guidance.
Kendall Powell: David, let me -- this is Ken, let me jump in first and then I think Jim wants to make some comments because I think you do raised an important point. I mean Jim I think is very properly focused on the cereal category and what we know drives it, which is innovation and brand building and we're seeing that to be effective. As you go back the last couple of years though, there are some larger macro factors that did have an impact across categories. And that of course was going back two years ago the pricing that all of us took in response to exceptionally high levels of inflation. For us it was over 10%, which really knocked a lot of categories off the rails going back several years ago. And really last -- it took us last year to see those categories strengthen as we got price points right and we saw consumers stabilizing comeback to the category. So I think you're right, there was a larger macro factor. We believe primarily triggered by inflation and the pricing that went along with that. However, we see that sort of starting to recede, here in the rearview mirror we're seeing consumers a little healthier. And so we're very focused on the innovation and renovation that we know will continue to propel those categories.
Kendall Powell: Yes, David, you're right, the media spending was up. That actually we drove up SG&A. The balance of our SG&A was benefited from -- can you reply our HMM prices against our admin expenses. And we're also seeing the benefit of the restructuring actions that we took in the fourth quarter of fiscal '12 played out through this quarter as well. So we're at a sustainable level of spend in our SG&A.
Donal Mulligan: I think you captured well. I mean as low-single digits is still our guidance for U.S. cereal sales and there is going to be a bit of volume, some mix. We saw that in the first quarter with cereal grain, our national organic products driving that sales growth and they have a positive mix benefit for us and we expect that it continues as the year unfolds.
Donal Mulligan: Well, Matt, we're not going to give quarterly guidance. We'll just reaffirm that we expect our low-single digit sales growth with the mix of all those items to play out for the balance of the year.
Donal Mulligan: Yes. That is correct. And to your point it was, if you remember the promotion timing, particularly centered in cereal and grain snacks where we thought we were light a year ago and more normalized this year. And as I mentioned earlier those are two of our highest revenue per pound categories. So as we're seeing those sales grow this year, higher than the -- the volume grow higher than the U.S. cereal average. That is a highly favorable to our revenue mix.
Donal Mulligan: Well, I mean first of all, I think your comment on units is we are -- Rob, the numbers we show are category numbers not General Mills' numbers. If you're referring to, I think at Slide, maybe 39 in the deck the one that Ken showed. We showed volume and pricing for F '13 annual and F '14 first quarter. Those are category numbers.
Donal Mulligan: Our expectations for gross margins are unchanged from the guidance we gave in July that we reaffirmed at your conference couple of weeks ago, Andrew. As I've mentioned in my comments we expect and have seen inflation is going to be higher in the first half of the year and then we'll also begin to lap the comparisons on Yoplait Canada and Yoki starting next quarter. So that combined with increased savings from HMM as the year unfolds gives us confidence we're going to see improving margins as F '14 plays out.
James Murphy: So in commenting on the merchandizing, I said it in my prepared remarks, but product news and innovation and investment on the consumer side is what's going to drive this category. The temptation to increase merchandizing in order to do that is not an effective and not an efficient to grow the category long-term. And so we believe that the product news, innovation and investment from the branded players need to increase in order to make this category grow healthily in the future. Your second question on demographics, we see that the families, the mainstream families who are after taste and branded value and fun in the breakfast occasion are strongest consumers right now. And it manifest itself through the strength of our all-family brands and I mentioned that in my remarks things like Lucky Charms and Honey Nut Cheerios that appeal to everybody in the family are very, very strong right now. And so we don't see a weak spot really across the demographics. In fact, Hispanics, as I said consume more cereal than anybody and that's a growth driver for us in the future. So demographically cereal has got a lot of tailwinds actually going forward.
James Murphy: That's a way over index as well, so the two groups of consumers at over index are the families with the young kids and the 55-plus crowd and so as we look at that that is the demographic tailwind as I mentioned for the cereal category going forward.
James Murphy: Well, it's really, the key factors is that are skews are just much bigger and more efficient and productive in the category. And so we are constantly reminding our retail partners of this fact and this really been the case for quite sometimes. If you think about it we have some of the biggest, most productive skews on Honey Nut Cheerios and Yellow Box Cheerios and the like, in the category. And the challenge is to get the proper phasing on those big skews in the category, so that they don't run out of stock on them. But there is always the temptation to take a new skew in the category and put it on the shelf it's a constant battle with the retailers and reminder of the retailers to go back to more productive shelf sets. Having said that, we have made a lot of progress here just in Q1, we're up 80 basis points as I mentioned in my remarks and so I think our story and the facts that we bring to our partners is starting to resonate at an increasing rate and you probably could expect that this gap starts to narrow over the course of time.
James Murphy: Yes, Chris, our international profit actually came in right where we expected. It matched year ago levels, which were up 56% over the year before. The higher net sales obviously drove some profit growth. We had three items that offset that, you mentioned one, which is the 15% increase in our media support. We did have higher input cost inflation particularly dairy in Europe. And we had a foreign exchange drag. Importantly, our new businesses did contribute as expected and we continue to expect internationals full year, constant currency sales growth to be high-single digits and operating profit to grow faster. So we haven't had any change to our full year expectations for that segment.
James Murphy: Couple of things I would say. One is retailers know how important this category is to driving traffic to their store. It is still nearly $10 billion category and as you know a lot of retailers there trying to figure out how to drive traffic to their center stores and cereals still remain strategically incredibly important for them. The second thing I would say is even the tail of cereals on a SKU basis generates a lot of more productivity than a number of different categories within the center stores. So we haven't heard a lot of noise about retailers questioning the space that they allocate to cereal or questioning the strategic importance of it.
James Murphy: Well, I think we're following the general trend of the entire food complex. I think you've heard that the retailers are reducing inventory modestly across the entire store and we're just serious part of that.
James Murphy: Well, I think Ken said it well and I think I've said that everything in my prepared remarks that what I think is going to drive this category back to growth again. I have unwavering faith that cereal is an adaptable category and we'll meet the changing needs of consumer at breakfast and that's going to be done through product news and innovation and investing behind those great ideas.
James Murphy: Let me just address the day part issue first. Over 90% of cereals consumed at breakfast currently. We see it as actually had growth opportunity for us, because we know that there is behavior out there that consumers eat cereals beyond breakfast as well, but it's still the fact is that most of it is consumed during that day part and we think it's a growth opportunity frankly to start marketing against that. So the second part of your question is really the quick serve restaurants in the advent of breakfast and they spent a lot of money on it as you know and many of the big QSRs have picked up breakfast as a growth platform. Having said that breakfast at home is growing, and so it's not really in our view taking a lot of occasions away. It's basically, I think and our research suggests that it's really going after those who have skipped breakfast in the past predominantly and we're picking up as many of those skippers as they are. And so I think there both actually growing.
James Murphy: Thanks for the question, Andrew, and in fact the answer is no to that. And if you look at the long history of cereal, let's just go back, say 30 years as I mentioned in my remarks cereals put on over 6 billion in sales over that time period, growing at about an average rate of dollar sales at about 3% compound annually over that time period, but it hasn't been 3% every year as you mentioned. In my 21 years at General Mills, I've seen growth in the cereal category written-off a couple different times. I will just bring up a couple of examples. The first one is when bagels become phenomenon in the U.S. And everyone has got to move to bagels and no one was going to eat cereal anymore. And then low and behold we innovated on cereal and brought some new taste varieties and new textures into the category and the category rebounded. The second time is when Atkins diet craze came a long and again everyone was going to move away from carbohydrates at that point. And then we brought whole grain news to the category. We brought fiber news to the category. We tend to be able to innovate our way out of this. And so the short answer is no, I don't see anything different about this time period than I saw the first two time periods around, but it's been comment on the branded manufacturers to bring the news and adapt in this highly adaptable category.
