Arpa Garay: Great. So, I will start with the first two questions on commercial and then hand it over to Stephen to discuss ASCO. In terms of pricing across the U.S. market, we do anticipate our list price when we have our updated vaccine to be in the range of 110 to 130. As you're aware, in the commercial market, we will be providing differentiated discounts across different payer types, from government agencies through to commercial players as well. In terms of the timing of the orders, we are actively in negotiations with U.S. customers. We are very encouraged on two fronts. First and foremost, our customers do appreciate and understand the significant health burden that continued success with COVID and they do want to partner with us to make sure that as many of their patients can get fascinated to protect themselves from potential hospitalizations and severe diseases. The other thing we continue to be very encouraged by in our conversations with different customers, if they are appreciating and recognizing the full real-world evidence behind buyback and the effectiveness and profile of our vaccine. So, we anticipate over the next four to six weeks, we will begin to see some more clarity around contracting, which will continue through the end of Q2 and early into Q3.
Arpa Garay: Thank you for the question. Your first question around timing of contracting in the U.S. while we are waiting for the final variant strain to be selected in the middle of June, we have already initiated contracting conversations based on an FDA-selected variant. So as I mentioned previously, we do anticipate seeing some of these contracts being signed over the next several weeks, leading into the third quarter. So it will be sort of an evolving time line based on the customer. From an EU perspective, we're encouraged by the news that the EU is in renegotiations with Pfizer. For us, the signals that the EU likely does not want to rely on one sole supplier. And we also are encouraged that the EU does recognize the value of the effectiveness and safety of our COVID-19 vaccine. So we continue to work with them to see how we can help protect the 140 million people or so in the EU, who are at high risk of COVID infection. And as we get updates on EU negotiations, we will be sharing those as well.
Arpa Garay: And I can take the RSV question. We continue to be very excited about our opportunity to RSV. The profile of our vaccine as we look at the Phase 3 data for tolerability as well as effectiveness, position us at the high end of the competitive landscape. From a safety perspective, to date, we have not seen any neuro adverse events and our serious adverse events were balanced in both arms as well. What this means for 2024 is as we look at RSV as a seasonal business, we do anticipate that negotiations will be happening every year in the United States. The repairs will have an opportunity to continue to review the data across multiple players, and we will be working actively to position ourselves in the U.S. commercial market.
Arpa Garay: Thank you. In terms of your first question on providing updates for U.S. commercial contracts, we are not currently committing to real-time updates per contract. But at a minimum, we will be providing updates at our quarterly calls in terms of where we are with U.S. commercial contracts. The second question around ex-U.S. pricing, we do not comment on our pricing, but what I can tell you is for the majority of the countries outside the U.S., we are still primarily in a centralized government procurement model. So, we have not set endemic or more traditional commercial pricing yet for most of the markets outside of the U.S. And the last question, I believe, is on RSV contracting. We are targeting a 2020 launch for -- we continue to work through the details of the contracting for the U.S. market in particular. But assuming a 2020 for a launch per our current assumptions, we do believe we will be in time for contracting to launch in 2024 in the U.S. market.
Arpa Garay: Sure. Thank you. I'll start with the first question around the respiratory opportunity. We are hearing significant enthusiasm from both consumers as well as our customer base combination vaccines. We believe that it will enhance compliance and adherence to address the broad respiratory burden of disease by putting these two, potentially three vaccines into one. So, as we think about the commercial opportunity, we do think combinations will be the majority of the opportunity as we look forward in 2027. And with that, we do anticipate cannibalization of the monotherapy.
Stephen Hoge: Gena had a question on ASCO? Okay. Sorry. Gena what date was open at ASCO. So it's Stephen. So, as I said, there's two presentations, two sets of data that will be shared. The first will be focused on the distant metastasis-free survival, DMFS. DMFS, as you know, is another surrogate of overall survival and distant metastasis usually, unfortunately, is visceral, and that's obviously a greater concern. The protocol for the Phase 2 study included in the first analysis, primary analysis, looking both at RFS and distant metastasis-free survival, DMFS was a secondary endpoint, and we'll be presenting for the first time that data at ASCO. The second data that will be shared in poster form will be some data on biomarkers and additional data on the performance of INT across populations. That is data that will get more into the basic science for those who are interested in it, but we'll look into the mechanism of action of the product as well as further stratification of risk that we believe provides even more confidence that the signal we're seeing in terms of potential benefit for INT in the Phase 2 study is resilient and really bodes well for the future.
Stephen Hoge: Thank you for the question. So I'll take the rare disease portion of that on PA first. And so, as we shared last September, we did a data cutoff from the PA study last September after a couple of dose levels. And we were seeing slightly more than 50% reduction in the rate of metabolic decompensation. These are the severe events that really, we believe, will ultimately be the endpoint that we're measuring for this drug in terms of benefit. And what we are going to be sharing at ASGCT is the further update to that. And so this will be a March data cutoff. It's about six more months and that will also include at least six months at the third dose level, 0.5 MPK and some other emerging data at the next dose level. Again, I don't want to get ahead of sharing what that data is. But of course, we will be looking the strength of that benefit, as we go up in dose, we would hope that we would improve from that 50% reduction in the rates of MDs, approximately 50% reduction in MDs. And we'd also want to obviously see that the drug continues to be very well tolerated with no safety concerns in that patient population. We'll also see much more follow-up time in terms of total time on drug across the entire study, which will help to build that case moving forward. Now on the point of relationship to other programs, propionic acidemia, PA is a sister disease to methylmalonic acidemia, MMA. And as we get more and more confident, hopefully, about the dose level in which we're expanding the PA program and the data we're seeing there. We do believe that reads through very directly into the data that we expect to see shortly in MMA. We have started see some of that data from that Phase 1/2 study in populations. I'll remind you that MMA is also chronically dosing in patients and escalating through dose levels. And at the right moment, we will obviously want to provide an update on that data as well in terms of MMA. But we do believe that the PA did really positively through that. And generally I'd say that's true for our liver metabolic rare disease programs including OTC and the others that you referenced.
Stephen Hoge: Thank you, Mike, for the question. I'll take the INT one. So Look, I think it's obviously still early in this discussion about what it will take to bring this notion forward to patients. And even in the Phase 2 study, while the data is really exciting, it's probably premature to say that it's sufficient for -- at this point for proceeding directly to accelerated approval. But there are conditions we think over the next year -- or couple of years that could lead to that being an appropriate thing for us and regulators to consider. In the short term, look, the data is still maturing. We still haven't put out the distant metastasis free-survival data. We're going to be doing that at ASCO. We're obviously excited to share that data, and it starts to just build that more complete picture and DMFS because it looks at visceral lesions does start to look towards perhaps some of those more -- the severity of those relapses that are happening. We have additional biomarker data that's coming through in that ASCO presentation as well. And both of those data sets are dealing with the initial analysis, which was 40 events. But I'll remind you, we have an analysis at 51 events, which we think will be when these curves are substantially more mature. Obviously, we haven't crossed that yet. And when we do trigger that 51 of that analysis, we will update the RFS curves. We'll update the DMFS curves. We'll obviously look at statistics around that. And it will be a point in time for us to understand, let's say, with more than 2.5, maybe 3.5 years of follow-up in total median follow-ups on that study. What do the overall curves look like? What are the hazard ratios? What do the statistics look around that? And then what more have we learned about the MLA from all of the ongoing biomarker work that we've done. So that richer data set I think, is really what we are waiting for to see. There's a second piece of this, too, though, which is that. Any consideration of an accelerated approval, whether it's for INT or just more generically, increasingly, it's going to depend upon whether or not you have initiated the confirmatory studies and that's appropriate. Because we've all seen how initiating substantially enrolling the confirmatory studies actually helps make sure that, that answer comes quickly and that accelerated approval can either be converted to a full approval or be adjusted as a result of those confirmatory results, and we're very attuned to that. And so our primary focus right now, while we're waiting for the data to mature from the Phase 2 is to make sure that we stand up that Phase 3 study and enroll it as fast as possible. I think the conditions under which we might consider in partnership and discussion with regulators pursuing accelerated approval would really be at some point in the future when that Phase 3 study is well on the path towards being enrolled obviously not read out yet, but well on the path there being enrolled and where a lot of the other data I had described had matured and continued to show a really compelling pace for the potential benefit here, perhaps even in patient populations they are at higher risk from a stratification perspective as we were sharing in some of the data today. And that those -- that complement the factors would trigger an opportunity to say it's time to bring this medicine to patients in an accelerated way while waiting for the confirmatory read out. So premature. All of those things still have to happen. So that's why right now our focus is get that Phase 3 started, get it enrolled and continue to follow this really intriguing story in the randomized Phase 2 study.
Stephen Hoge: Yes. So it's a couple of things. So first, we did look in the Phase 1 at non-small cell lung cancer, there were patients in that. Those were not adjuvant patients, but nonetheless we do have some data, biomarker data and other clinical histories, again, not from a controlled study in the Phase 1. I think the other confidence is the strength of the mechanism of action that we're seeing and the translation across risk strata in the Phase 2 study that we've already run, really, we think sets up well as you look at adjuvant indications more broadly, and that's where an adjuvant non-small cell lung cancer, even neoadjuvant non-small cell lung cancer makes a lot of sense from a translatability perspective. And so, it's a combination of a little bit of data from that Phase 1. The breadth and strength of performance we're seeing in the Phase 2 for melanoma and obviously, what's been learned with PD-1, PD-1/L1 therapy in adjuvant settings more broadly. Operator Thank you one moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Jessica Fye with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Stephen Hoge: Yes. Thank you for both. So first on the flu question. So, we obviously have the immunogenicity data that already came out of the P302 study that shows that we've met non-inferiority or would have been considered with nonfert for the B strains. Even in the Northern Hemisphere, study that's ongoing. And so I think our confidence of being able to clear that bar is high and supported by that data even before we made the improvements in the in the B strain update for the current Phase 3 study. We obviously have a preclinical data. We have a lot of experience with updating our antigens and vaccines now with COVID and others. And so we'll look forward to that data in P303. -- but I think we believe we will do even better than we just did in the P302 study with non-inferiority, and we hope to to see that we'll be achieving something perhaps trending towards superiority. But that's not the goal specifically for the study. In terms of reactogenicity and dose, I'll just say that we are not changing the dose for this 1010P303 study is still 50 micrograms, so it's not a change in dose level. And in general, as we think about reactogenicity across our respiratory pipeline, we have a large number of candidates and vaccines where we've gone to doses substantially higher than 50 micrograms. Even in the flu study, we did that up to 100 micrograms on data we shared before. And we believe that there are populations for whom that works well. And in fact, there are vaccines like our RSV vaccine where 50 micrograms is extremely well tolerated. We're very pleased by that profile to date. And so we actually think it's going to be a vaccine by vaccine case. You can't look at the dose and decide. And as we start going into combinations, we will be optimizing the reactogenicity, the tolerability profile of that vaccine against the benefits in terms of high efficacy that we hope to deliver and often measured by immune responses in those combination studies. So, we currently don't believe that there's a limit on that. But in the specific P303 study, we're continuing down a 50-microgram dose level for 1010. Now on RSV, yes, we are working closely with regulators on filing globally. And that includes all of the markets in which we hope to commercialize that product and launch it next year. And of course, we'll keep you appraised as we move into those regulatory -- that regulatory process in our normal quarterly updates.
Stephen Hoge: Great. Thank you for this question. So I think we do think that INT can go both earlier and later in terms of its use. And it's a challenging question about which one do we prioritize in the short term. I think there's a huge opportunity we perceive, we believe, in adjuvant. That is where you hear all of our current activities. That's our focus. That's where we're trying to move into pivotal studies, very, very quickly Phase 3 studies. But if you look to adjuvant, we do have adjuvant experience. You pointed to the head and neck data. We also have from our Phase 1 to management melanoma, there's actually some adjuvant -- sorry, the metastatic melanoma, metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. And I think situations where we think the burden of the tumor, the size of that tumor is a little bit of a barrier to the potential active activity of any immune therapy. In fact, generally, immune therapies have struggled in later-stage disease and where the real power of the technology, its safety tolerability profile, potential benefit probably is upstream. So while we are following closely the metastatic space and we did see some intriguing signs in the metastatic head and neck study that you referenced, we are right now waiting for a little more data to decide whether or not we want to go into those metastatic settings in the short term with our partner, Merck, of course. The other area that I referenced is the earlier stage. And so Stage 3, Stage 2 disease, disease where immune therapies are not traditionally used right now, but we're a well-tolerated approach like INT that we believe does provide a boost of specific T cell responses against the cancer may have a unique benefit. And again, that's a place that we're eager to explore the INT approach with our partner mark in the very near term. We don't have at the present as substantial an effort going into those two areas, but we could pivot very quickly. So for now, what we're focusing on is the pivotal studies in adjuvant, we're watching very closely the evolution of our data in metastatic, and we're trying to think about how we could move whether biomarker enabled or otherwise into earlier-stage diseases. I'm sure we will find ways to explore all of those areas if there's a potential for benefit for INT and then it's just now a matter of working down the opportunities as fast as we can.
Stephen Hoge: I'll comment very quickly, but the combination vaccine -- so the first point is we want to need to get the flu approved. I think in the Vaccines Day, we talked about our expectations, our hope are to have the COVID-flu combo approved and launched in 2025.
Stephen Hoge: I'll take the first question. I'll take all three, I think, but I invite my colleagues to Kevin. So -- so first on how we think about opportunities. It's a great challenge we have. We're obviously seeing a very high success rate as we transition into patient populations or pivotal studies across our pipeline. And the short version of it is we look for places where we think our technology through its modalities is well validated. And so we have a highly differentiated probably success in that next indication and where there is a large unmet need in that indication. If there's a large unmet need medically, there is usually a large unmet need financially in terms of health care systems, and that's ultimately the kind of value we want to deliver into it. So that's how we approach it. That can be infectious diseases. That's how we think about expanding our respiratory franchise. That's how we're thinking about expanding our latent franchises. That's how we've established POC there. And what you're going to be seeing us do in rare diseases, as we are already doing, is that same sort of expansion as we start to see proof-of-concept in the rare metabolic disease space. And then, of course, you asked a question about INT and maybe I'll just jump to the third part of your question, which is how do we think about capital allocation in terms of in INT. There are very few things that have a larger burden of disease, social cost of financial costs of obviously morbidity and mortality than cancer. And we do believe that INT has the potential to be a transformational treatment in that space. And so we got to figure out how to do is how do we responsibly, but aggressively grow that investment across a range of different places where we believe that INT will work. Now we have one significant advantage in that exercise, which is we have a partner in Merck, who has a high degree of conviction around this as well as we talked about, and we are co-investing with them. And so from a capital allocation perspective, we start together looking at what are the indications where there is an opportunity, unmet need in oncology with INT. As I said before, big focus right now is in adjuvant, but of course, we'll be looking at metastatic and earlier stage disease as well. Last question, I think I'll address is the middle one, which is how do we think about line POC and what does it unlock in terms of bacteria. I think we're very keen to address Lyme because of the unmet need associated with Lyme disease, particularly in the northern -- in Europe and the United States. But it is a very interesting one for us to demonstrate a bacterial -- antibacterial vaccination, we already have a substantial discovery pipeline looking at other bacteria that if we can demonstrate proof of concept in line that we will bring forward very quickly. I won't provide updates on those specific targets as that is still preclinical research. But you rest assured, our approach in bacteria will look like our approach in respiratory or latent or INT or rare diseases, which is as we see proof-of-concept. We will double down quickly with other programs that we think have high probability of success.
Stephen Hoge: And pediatric RSVV question. So, we've actually been working in pediatric RSV as long as we've been in RSV. And so, we have ongoing clinical trials including monotherapy and combination respiratory vaccines across a couple of different diseases that impact that population. We completely agree. It is a huge unmet need and area. In terms of guiding forward what timing will look like, we're conducting clinical research. We'll provide the updates on the data as we see it. We've already actually shared some of the early data from our pediatric programs. There will be both seropositive so kids who have previously been RSV, there is some benefit there. Those children do get reinfected and that will look more like a boosting set of studies. And then there will be seronegative children. Those are the -- those are the places where there might be the highest unmet need, those who have not yet had their first instance of RSV, so very young children onto the age of one. What you'll probably see us do over time is bifurcate those development programs because it en- up being very different take target populations. And more likely than not, the seropositives will move faster and the seronegatives will move slower as is normally the case with pediatric development.
