Stéphane Bancel: Thank you, Lavina, and good morning, everyone. We believe mRNA has the potential to be a new class of medicines. We believe mRNA medicines have the potential to address large unmet medical needs and to treat diseases that are not addressable by recombinant proteins or small molecules. Due to the platform nature of mRNA, we believe our mRNA medicines provide a higher probability of technical success and faster timelines to clinical trials and to the market relative to traditional medicines. We also believe that the manufacturing capital intensity of mRNA is materially lower than recombinant proteins and that the manufacturing costs at commercial scale will be similar to small molecule injectable. Because of this large potential, we continue to focus on managing the risk across our portfolio, especially technology risk and biology risk. We believe that programs will be in the same modality of similar technology risk, meaning that once we derisk a sentinel program, they are important read-throughs. As a key example in the near future, we believe our chikungunya antibody program will be an important clinical readout as it uses the same formulation technology as our MMA program, our most advanced rare disease candidate. Our corporate focus is on three priorities. First, to execute on the development pipeline; two, to move new development candidates in existing modalities from the lab into the clinic; and three, to invest new development candidates in new modalities. I will review now our most important progress since our last quarterly update in early May. Starting with PCV, personalized cancer vaccine. We presented positive interim Phase 1 data at the ASCO meeting in June and we are happy to report today that since ASCO, we started a Phase 2 head-to-head trial in the adjuvant melanoma setting. We look forward to the readout of this important immuno-oncology program to assess if PCV plus Merck’s KEYTRUDA can increase recurrence-free survival versus KEYTRUDA monotherapy. We’re happy to report today that our Phase 1 for CMV has completed enrolling healthy subjects at doses up to 300 micrograms. We believe CMV is a large unmet medical need and we look forward to reviewing and sharing the Phase 1 trial data in the near term. The team continued to execute at a rapid pace in the last 90 days. We advanced four new programs into Phase 1 since our May call. Two programs in immuno-oncology started dosing in cancer patients. Our KRAS vaccine which is partnered with Merck and the IL12 intratumoral program which is partnered with AstraZeneca dosed their first patients. Two programs in infectious vaccines started dosing as well, our RSV vaccine mRNA-1172 partnered with Merck and our Zika vaccine mRNA-1893 which is funded by the U.S. agency BARDA. Finally, I’m happy to report that clinical sites are now open and actively recruiting patients in our first rare disease program MMA. We have three open sites in the U.S. and in the UK, the clinical trial application, or CTA, was just opened by local authorities. I am very pleased with the company’s progress and I am very thankful for Kim’s dedication to this execution. We have five immuno-oncology programs in the clinic including PCV in Phase 2 and OX40 soon entering Phase 2. We have five important rare disease programs and are still working out to dose the first MMA patients and to submit INDs for all our rare disease programs. We have four vaccines in the clinic for major unmet medical needs; CMV, RSV, hMPV PIV3 combo and Zika. I want to remind you that there are no approved vaccines for any of these harmful pathogens that severely affect thousands each year. We are very pleased to have completed enrollment in our CMV trial and we’ll look forward to sharing the data with you soon. The company has never been as strong and we’re more focused on continuing to execute and share our progress in the months to come. With this, let me turn to Tal to give you some more color on the development pipeline.
Stéphane Bancel: Thank you, Lorence. To close our remarks, I would like to reiterate that our team is focused on executing on our three priorities; advancing the development pipeline, investing in new development candidates in the existing six modalities and investing in new modalities. The team at Moderna executed across the board during the quarter. To summarize quickly the highlights of the quarter, we initiated the PCV Phase 2 trial with first patient consenting to participate in the trial. Our CMV vaccine study is fully enrolled. We started four new clinical trials; two in immuno-oncology and two in infectious diseases. Vertex’s cystic fibrosis research collaboration. As you might recall, in July 2016, Moderna and Vertex announced an exclusive research collaboration and licensing agreement aimed at the discovery and development of mRNA therapeutics for the treatment of CF. Based on the clinical work to date, Vertex has extended this collaboration for the first quarter of 2020 with options to extend further based on future progress. Preliminary mRNA delivery will present a potential new route administration for Moderna. I am pleased with the progress we made today and look forward to the rest of 2019 and 2020 as we approach clinical data results. I will particularly look for the CMV Phase 1 data and the chikungunya antibody Phase 1 data in the near term. As a reminder, the chikungunya antibody is the first monoclonal antibody encoded by mRNA technology to be dosed in a human. Because RSV and Zika are dosing healthy subjects, this trial should complete soon. And if positive, we intend to transition to Phase 2. We now have five immuno-oncology programs in the clinic, two of which are already dosing in combination with a proved checkpoint inhibitor, Merck’s KEYTRUDA for PCV and AstraZeneca IMFINZI for Triplet. All teams working on clinical trial sites are focused on the milestone of dosing of first patients with MMA. We believe that mRNA has the potential to be a new class of medicine. We see a large product opportunity ahead of us and we are energized that the potential to bring these important medicines to patients. Four vaccines for large unmet medical needs where there are no vaccines approved today. That is a unique opportunity towards millions and as such we have large commercial products. Five immuno-oncology programs which all have the potential to improve the response of PD1 or PD1 checkpoint inhibitors. Five rare disease programs for conditions like MMA and PA where children born with a missing or defective protein urgently need a treatment that targets the underlying cause of their disease. The cardiology program, VEGF, which could transform the care of patients who have [indiscernible] and MI. And it is the only first wave of innovative products. Stephen Hoge and his team are working hard to move new innovative development candidates from the labs into the clinic. The productivity of our mRNA platform is significant. We dosed our first clinical trial in December 2015. In just three and a half years, we started 16 programs in the clinic and we’ve had a high success rate. The team did get 19 IND of CTAs opened by local authorities. We know we have a special opportunity and we are committed to delivering on the promise of our science, and bringing forward a new class of medicines to patients. I would like to end our remarks by thanking the many people who participate in our clinical studies, including patients, healthy volunteers and physicians. I would also like to thank the great team of Moderna employees working hard every day to make our vision a reality. With that, we are now happy to take any questions.
Stéphane Bancel: And maybe, it’s Stéphane, just to add one thing, because Tal described in his remarks the mRNA that we designed is actually coding for mutation; G12D, G12V, G13d, and G12C.
Stéphane Bancel: Hi, Cory. Good morning. It’s Stéphane. So I will not comment on the R&D Day. I hope you come to the R&D Day, but we’ll make sure that we give good updates on everything we know then. On the next 12 months, as you can see on Slide 46 on the presentation, as I discussed in my comments, CMV is really important. As you know, it really is a very large opportunity. We own 100% of the economic of this product. We believe it’s a very large medical need out there. And so the CMV data are going to be very important we believe for company. RSV and Zika, because they’re in Phase 1 in healthy subjects and they are dosing as we speak, should read pretty quickly. And as I shared, the plan is to move the dose to Phase 2 assuming we have good data into the clinic. I remind you that we have already in the past shown in a good translation from primates into humans, into our vaccines that have positive data. And so we look forward to this data in human. PCV, of course, will take a little bit of time because we started a Phase 2. That’s a very important study. We need to recruit for that Phase 2, in all 150 patients across the board. And then it’s basically of course looking at survival in four months. KRAS is going to be interesting. We all believe there’s a big medical need [indiscernible] tumor types. So we are dosing two patients in Phase 1, so we’ll be sharing observation at the planned clinical meetings of what we see in the clinic. In the intratumoral because it’s oncology and we’ve dosing, the Triplet is in combination with PD1. OX40 will be in Phase 2 soon and also will be in combination with a checkpoint. [Indiscernible] IL-12 forward, same thing we will update the different medical meetings and clinical observation except [indiscernible]. And then as we discussed, the chik antibody is very important for us and then getting the first body in the clinic. The [indiscernible] are going to go straight into patients. As we have commented before, we are starting MMA as a dose that has been showing in animal models having some benefit. And so I think the next few months and the next few quarters are going to be quite rich, data wise. We have [indiscernible] drugs for potential [ph] in the clinic. That’s a lot of potential data.
Stéphane Bancel: And Cory, it’s Stéphane, to add to Tal’s remark. If you think about it, going back to Lorence’s comments, we are very disciplined in our capital allocation. So, of course, there could be a lot of different things one could think of trying with personalized cancer vaccine as you think about all of our patients that aren’t treated today. But unfortunately we cannot know – before we have an important derisking, we cannot expand too much because we have so many opportunities of products across the portfolio, we could be increasing the [indiscernible] that will not be unreasonable. And so we want to be very disciplined. That’s just one example. There’s a lot of things, trust me, that the clinical team – as you know Tal is oncologist by training who love to be trying in the clinic to help those patients. But we just have to be very disciplined in capital allocation and how much we spend and where we spend it, and when we spend it based on the risking.
Stéphane Bancel: So thank you, Jennifer, for the question. I think it would be great if you can join us at the R&D Day because we will spend quite some time on CMV commercial opportunity. As we discussed in the past, there are many populations from women in the age of bearing a child, adolescent women who might want to protect. There was also discussion about partners of those pregnant women. There’s also discussion because humans are very [indiscernible] CMV, do you put down an age to try to eradicate CMV. So there’s a lot of different segments that we’ll discuss quite at length on the R&D Day. But this is why I think we believe CMV, if you take a 10, 20-year timeframe and if you look at all the old vaccines, like the HPV vaccine and the [indiscernible] vaccine, those very important vaccines, the lifecycle management of those products can be very important and we have our eyes very much on how do we go about this. Again, we cannot do all the indications at the same time. It’s going back to very simply on capital allocation and investments. But we are very much in mind of how do we maximize with them this opportunity to get the largest label that we can for CMV, so it can be given to the largest population we can around the world and not only in the U.S.
Stéphane Bancel: Good morning. It’s Stéphane. So as you know we have disclosed all 21 development candidates and we don’t comment on future plans in research. Obviously, as I said in my remarks, we think it’s a very important milestone. It’s the first time using a modern technology and antibody is being produced in a human. And so that’s an important technology that as you commented has a lot of different applications. What we try to do always as the portfolio of the assets that we develop with our shareholders’ capital is to be thoughtful about managing biology risk, technology risk and to create important innovative products for patients. That’s always a big driver for us. If you look back to one of my closing slides, if you look at the portfolio today, for most of the products in the pipeline, there is no product on the market with big enough medical need and there’s no solution on the market. And so we are always thoughtful about all those things. But it would of course become a very important tool in our Moderna toolbox. As you know, partnering is certainly an important part of our strategy. If you look back over time, we’ve done four partnerships with Merck, a few with AZ. We’re very, of course, happy with the decision by Vertex to expand the collaboration. And so that’s why technology can be made available to a partner. So this is an important piece of the Moderna toolbox.
Stéphane Bancel: Those are great questions. So, on the commercial front, as we’ve shared in the past, Norwood is able to do commercial, but it’s not ready today. We have to do much work around validation and the quality systems and so on. But the infrastructure of the plant itself has been built so that the site can be brought to commercial readiness and be able to do pivotal studies, registration studies out of Norwood. What we also shared and it’s again going back to our focus on managing the risk, we will not have to be the commercial facility before we have our first commercial product approved. That’s a very important part of Moderna’s strategy to derisk the company. So we can launch products out of Norwood. We can do Phase 3 out of Norwood. We will get the site ready on time so that we can do that. We also always have a contract manufacturer strategy. We never want to be single sourced for the company. That would be way too risky. So we have as we speak contract manufacturers that have also commercial capabilities from their site and the quality system already. And if you think about the different products on the portfolio, which is a second question, the thinking path is mostly on the back end, which is on killing the virus. Because if you think about it, mRNA for vaccines, the doors are very, very tiny, so you don’t need a lot of mRNA drug substance to supply actually millions of virus. Because you go back to the data we have published, our vaccines show efficacy at 2,500 micrograms per human. So in half a kilo or kilo you can do a lot of doses that can do enough. And so – and [indiscernible] because the end of patients is low. Don’t go into gigantic quantities. Of course, oncology is a different ballgame. But again, that would be a very happy program to manage when we get there. On the back end, no, it does not have the capability to do millions of vials of fillings, but that’s something that is readily available to contract manufacturing. So that is why we feel very confident that we have – with the current infrastructure that we have, we have the ability to do pivotal, to do commercial. If we’re to manage the back end, we need more vial capacity. We get and contract that out with an existing partner of a new partner, we have time for that. And if we needed more capacity, one thing to remember about Norwood is that we can increase the capacity of Norwood tremendously versus the current capacity. We are only working with two-day shifts. We could put of course a night shift. We don’t have a shift on weekends. So right there you have a lot of capacity available. We can move the warehouse out of the site, the warehouse doesn’t have to be on the site and you have right away more GMP facilities that you can access your utilities. The QC lab can also be moved off of the plant. It can be moved in the parking lot. You just build a new building. And here, again, you go with more GMP capacity. The preclinical – all the robotics are preclinical. Same thing, it’s currently in a GMP suite but doesn’t have to be, because it’s preclinical material. So there again, you can move it to the parking lot or in a new building. So if you think about the manufacturing strategy of Moderna, Norwood was a big investment. We think it’s a strategic investment. We cannot deliver on the mission of the company or the pipeline without Norwood. But we really need Norwood so that this becomes the central node for us that it there for a very long term so that we do not have to invest CapEx in the years to come at a high level. We will not be in the commercial plant until our products are approved. That would be way too risky.
Stéphane Bancel: Thank you for joining us today and for your questions. We look forward to seeing you during our upcoming third annual R&D Day in New York City. This meeting will be held during the morning of September 12. Have a wonderful day. Thank you.
Tal Zaks: Hi. This is Tal. Thanks for the question. First of all, I’m really happy that we finally have therapies that are emerging as effective against KRAS mutations. I think that progress for the field is tremendous. I think it’s still early days, so let me make two points. First, the exact nature of the activity and against which mutations and in our case which mutations and which HLA still needs to be defined. So I don’t see them even on – if you look at the patient distribution necessarily as competing. Second and I think more importantly on the fundamentals, I think what our vaccine is trying to do and what the emerging inhibitors are trying to do are very different things in terms of patient benefit. I think the history of small molecule targeted therapy has been terrific in the sense that it’s translated into real benefit for these patients. But we struggle to turn them into curative-intent treatments. I think on the other hand, the immuno-oncology approaches were successful, have translated into a much more durable effect. And so my expectation is down the road if both of these approaches are successful, you would expect them to have complementary benefits for the patients. And I’m really excited in the coming years to see how that story plays out.
Tal Zaks: So in the clinical study we have not yet enrolled. We’re actively recruiting. In the Natural History study there have been 71 patients enrolled to-date.
Tal Zaks: Thanks. That’s a really good question and I wish I had a wider answer for you. The reality is that we’re looking at the safety I think in the traditional way that people do in clinical trials maybe colored by a better understanding over the years of what the safety profile of the checkpoint inhibitors alone is. And so we’re looking at whatever autoimmune phenomena, et cetera, and all the other adverse events that one would expect from checkpoint inhibitor monotherapy and assessing very carefully to see whether we exceeded. If there’s any other safety signal that is attributable to the Triplet, then I think we’ve got two ways of finding it. First, recall we’re dosing as monotherapy so that will give us a clear view on the safety profile just of the Triplet. And second, in the combination arm we’re looking carefully at all the clinical characteristics. And unfortunately I think in the field it’s very hard to predict the adverse reactions that one sees and they’re not very frequent. So all we can do at this point is maintain a careful visual for what to expect and make sure you’re not missing anything unexpected. I don’t know if that answers the question. I’m not sure I’ve got a better one.
Tal Zaks: Thanks for that, Cory. It’s Tal. It’s a question that we’ve asked ourselves since the beginning of this program. I think strategically and philosophically, what we want to do with this program is first to go where the likelihood of success is the highest before we look for areas that are more challenging. And so that’s why we’ve focused in the histologies that we have in the Phase 1 and that’s why we went into an adjuvant setting even within melanoma for a definitive study into Phase 2. I think once we have a clear proof of concept, clearly we will begin to explore some of those additional indications. But there’s not any current plans to do that.
Tal Zaks: Thanks, Alex. It’s Tal. So in October, we’ll present the totality of the data as we have it, so you’ll see the antibody titers, you’ll see the safety, you’ll see what you typically see when we describe the totality of the study. And I believe that’s been accepted to IDWeek. In terms of the seropositive toddlers, yes, I think that is consistent with the development that one would expect and that the agency concurs in terms of the next step in the development path here. So ultimately remember that the target population here is infants, so there’s a pretty structured and rigorous way by which you work your way down into that population.
Tal Zaks: Now given the sensitivity to the pediatric population, we wanted to make sure that we’ve got clarity from the agency in terms of designing that study and that’s why we put it in the press release and we discussed that interaction.
