Stephen Hoge: I’ll take that. Thanks, Salveen for the question. Look, I think the honest answer is we’re still having incomplete information to provide guidance on the regulatory strategy. At this point, we are looking to the efficacy results from the P302 study that I described, which will guide us on that filing strategy. It’s important to note that efficacy, ultimate demonstration of non-inferior efficacy against an approved vaccine was always going to be required for full approval, and that the only thing that you could do with immunogenicity would be an accelerated approval path with an obligation to subsequently demonstrate efficacy. And so right now, we are actually very encouraged that the data that we’ve seen from our immunogenicity and safety study, which is running the Southern Hemisphere, P301, shows superiority on three out of four endpoints for the influenza A strains, which drive the overwhelming majority of disease, and the population of interest here are older adults, and account for over 99% of the cases in our efficacy study. And so that first interim efficacy analysis that we’re conducting now in P302 will evolve over 200 cases and 99% of them are influenza A, and it will be our first chance to really see the performance of the vaccine in terms of prevention of influenza-like illness from flu A. That is the first interim analysis. And so it’s quite possible, as you would expect in any efficacy study, and we’ve all got some experience now with these respiratory efficacy studies, that we may end up – need to go to a second subsequent interim analysis and accrue even more cases to demonstrate either non-inferiority or superiority in that study. And so what we will do is we will wait for the results from the DSMB, the independent DSMB, and gauge from that. Based on those results, obviously, if we do see efficacy, that is the gold standard for proceeding with regulatory filing and full approval. If we do not yet meet that threshold, then we will be looking forward to subsequent interim analyses in that study.
Stephen Hoge: Great. Thank you, Matt for the question. So we’re obviously really pleased yesterday to announce that we received FDA breakthrough designation therapy for the PCV program. And what that allows us to do is very rapidly accelerate our conversations with the FDA and other regulators on the path forward for filing 4157. As you noted, the Phase 2b study that we’ve run is a randomized study compared against, really, the standard of care with KEYTRUDA alone, and has already shown a quite significant benefit of 44% reduction of the rate of recurrence and – or death. And that study is ongoing, and so we’re continuing to follow over time and conduct additional interim analyses. And it’s possible that those – in fact, we would hope that those data mature and continue to get stronger and stronger. And so it is entirely possible that in our discussions under breakthrough with the FDA and others that we will come up with a path forward for beginning the filing process based on that Phase 2 and potentially proceeding with accelerated approval. Now as you know, in this country, and I think it’s where your question is coming from, as well globally, if there is a path forward there. We haven’t yet engaged with the FDA on because the breakthrough happened yesterday. But if there is a path forward there, it would require us to rapidly enroll a confirmatory Phase 3 study. And in fact, there is more and more attention on perhaps requiring that those Phase 3 studies be enrolled prior to an accelerated approval. And so for that reason, ourselves and Merck are working really quickly now to try and stand up that confirmatory Phase 3 melanoma study and enroll as fast as possible. Now we’re not ready yet to guide on how quickly that will be, but we are fully aware of the fact that in fact, if there is a path forward for accelerated approval, the enrollment of that Phase 3 may be gaining, and therefore, we want to have it enrolled as quickly as possible. So at this point, we’ve just received the breakthrough designation, we’re engaging with regulators, and we’re going to try and develop that path forward. But it is theoretically possible that there is an accelerated approval path and that we would need to enroll that Phase 3 study based on recent regulatory guidance, more generally to the industry. And working hard to make sure that we can do that as fast as possible here, while continuing to conduct the additional interim analyses and see the maturity of this data continue to proceed, and hopefully, the strength of the benefit provided by the combination to be further validated.
Stephen Hoge: Thanks for the question, Ed. So let me start with the most advanced program, obviously, is our 1010 program, which we’ve talked about. And we have done an update to that vaccine that we think will increase the B immunogenicity for those populations for whom that matters, and we expect to advance that in clinical study quite quickly. That, in combination with the efficacy data that we were just talking about with P302, probably is the most important information for guiding our next step on the second-generation products. Our multiple – sorry, penta and hexavalent vaccines as well as the 1020, 1030 programs, which include neuraminidase, as you said, are all in various Phase 1 studies. And as we have shown repeatedly hopefully over the last couple of years, we can proceed very quickly in the subsequent Phase 3 in pivotal studies once we select one of those candidates to move forward. But the really important gating information is understanding how is our first generation product performing in terms of efficacy as a first mRNA flu vaccine. And so we are waiting for that information before proceeding forward. But we do expect that at least one, if not multiple, of these second-generation products would move into subsequent pivotal studies, Phase 3 studies. And in those cases, because we would be looking to demonstrate some form of superiority either against a broader range of influenza strains or better protection against influenza-like illness because we have included additional antigens, we would expect those studies to include both immunogenicity and safety and efficacy end points as we move forward. And so we will make a selection on which ones we might move forward based on the ongoing interim analysis of efficacy from our 1010 program. We don’t have another way to update at this point on which we will move forward.
Stephen Hoge: Thank you, Michael for both questions. So, first on the flu, on the B, we are still looking into the data, and we are going to develop a more complete picture of what we think happened in the influenza B immunogenicity study. I would note a couple of things that are important. The first is these are active comparator studies. And so when you look at non-inferiority on zero conversion or titers, it’s important to note that we are going at the standard-dose influenza vaccine active comparator. And between the Phase 2 study and the Phase 3 Southern Hemisphere study, there were changes in the composition of those active comparators and the comparator use, and so that can drive some difference. The second thing I would note is that they were different populations, and so we went from a Northern Hemisphere to a Southern Hemisphere. And obviously, that can drive some differences in background history of influenza illnesses. But the third and perhaps maybe most relevant is we did expect that the influenza B neutralizing titers were lower. As you remember, we shared with the Phase 2 data about a year ago. We did have lower neutralizing HAI titers for the influenza B strain. And for our older adult influenza vaccine, we thought that was acceptable because at the end of the day, our goal was only to achieve non-inferiority, not to demonstrate superiority. Whereas for the influenza A strains, we really wanted to maximize those neutralizing titers and potential for benefit because influenza A really is what drives the illness in older adults, which is our first generation product. So, we did focus heavily on the influenza A. We were aiming at non-inferiority on the influenza B. And as you said, we did not make non-inferiority on those, and we will continue to pull apart the reason as to why. But we have already identified an update that would allow us to improve immunogenicity against the Bs to the extent that that is important going forward, not just in younger populations but perhaps from an overall regulatory perspective. And so we have made that update, we are actually going to be evaluating that in the clinical study very shortly here. And we expect that we will be able to address that lower immunogenicity that we saw on the Bs quite quickly. But as I said a moment ago, what really matters is efficacy and efficacy against influenza disease. And in this case, we really do see that as influenza A related for our first-generation product. But we will obviously be updating influenza B strain for other subsequent generation of products. And it’s important to note that that’s really important as you get into pediatric populations where influenza B is a burden of disease, particularly in the young. Now, on the question of PCV, we are pretty encouraged by the adjuvant melanoma data. We do have some early metastatic data, as you will note from our prior Phase 1 studies. And in the Phase 2, there was some stage 4 disease as well in that study. We did not conduct it only in first-line metastatic, and so we are actually looking forward to understanding the performance of a competitive product in that space because it may actually identify an opportunity for us to move into earlier stages of treatment. Now, for now, our approach has been to focus on places where checkpoint, including KEYTRUDA, our standard of care and have demonstrated a really strong signal, which is why you see us expanding from adjuvant melanoma into adjuvant non-small cell, and ultimately, will go first into other adjuvant indications where we really think there is the most immediate biologic benefit or biologic rationale for potential benefit that we will be looking to demonstrate. But obviously, as others start to move into the space, if they show benefits in other lines of therapy, we will absolutely want to proceed very quickly in those directions as well. So, we are looking forward to those results, and we will obviously launching them as everyone else will.
Stephen Hoge: All very good questions and I think the short answer is we are looking into that data right now. And we will provide an update I am not exactly sure when we will have that, but we do have the Vaccines Day Investor Meeting coming up in April of the spring and then obviously, we will be looking to publish that data and share as it comes in and is it available. You have highlighted one of the key challenges in active comparator studies in influenza in particular, which is that you can see high titers, but actually because you are looking at a ratio, say for whatever reason, your active comparator does really well against one of the strains, that can impact your ability to non-inferiority statistically. And at the end of the day, the challenge is even more complicated as you look at older adults where, for instance, the influenza B strains are not a big driver of efficacy or disease. And so we will look at all of that as will regulators. I would note that it is well precedented. In fact, many of the currently approved influenza vaccines have, in the past, missed on non-inferiority for – and influenza B strain end point here or there and still have received full approval or accelerated approvals. And the reason for that is, as we have said sort throughout, that at the end of the day, influenza B is not a primary driver of concern and it is known to be among the different strains of influenza in the virus in the vaccines of lower import for disease in older adults. In fact, one of the four strains, there have been active debate about the B/Yamagata strain as to whether or not it’s gone extinct, and even should be removed from quadrivalent vaccines in many of the recent WHO and other debates. And so influenza B is a well-trodden path for many of these vaccines as well as now for mRNA-1010, where there is differential performance, and ultimately, there is precedent for moving forward where you do not technically need non-inferiority on immunity your sales [ph] conversion endpoints and still moving forward because of the lower concern about that disease in older adults. So, we will look at that data. We will develop our strategy. We will obviously engage with regulators with that data, and ultimately determine a path forward. The most important thing for us, though, in the near terms continuing with the efficacy study trying to establish whether or not we have non-inferior or even superior efficacy for mRNA-1010 in its current form against influenza A, which is really where we think payers and public health officials will have the most attention because it is prevention of that disease, not the immunogenicity endpoint, prevention of influenza-like illness, hospitalizations, that is the primary objective of the vaccine and that’s where we are focusing our attention right now.
Stephen Hoge: Thank you for those questions. So, on 4157, I think I will just reiterate our prior guidance, I don’t want to expand it, to say that we are trying to move into those pivotal studies, they are Phase 3 confirmatory studies for melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer, both adjuvant settings, this year. And we – you can look at the history of Merck and their ability to execute those studies, enroll quite quickly and now working together with us, we hope to be able to at least do that well. And we will look to enroll those at least as quickly as other confirmatory Phase 3 studies and similar populations have been run generally. But I don’t think we are going to provide more specific guidance on enrollment time horizon except to say we want to go as fast as possible. I will also clarify, too that from an accelerated approval perspective, if that pathway were to become available based on the current Phase 2 data, which again is subject to future conversations with regulators, that we would want to have started those confirmatory studies. We wouldn’t have needed to complete enrollment, but definitely, we want to be demonstrating that we are moving forward in those confirmatory studies as quickly as possible. And so we have double impetus. We are moving fast in enrolling them in the near-term. Now, in the rare disease space, programs moving out of pre-clinical and clinical. The first I would say is we do have a clinical program for MMA, which you referenced, but that MMA program is another place where we expect to see additional data following on, hopefully, the continued strong performance of the propionic acidemia PA program. And then in the pre-clinical development space, we have programs against OTC and PKU, so Phenylketonuria and a urea cycle disorder OTC, and those are both programs that we would hope to move into clinical testing in short order. We haven’t specifically guided on the timing of that yet.
Arpa Garay: Sure. Yes, I can take the second question. In terms of the total sales, we are anticipating about $2 billion of the $5 billion in the first half of the year, and none of that $2 billion is coming from the U.S. market. The remaining advance purchase agreements that we have of $3 billion will be coming in the second half of this year. Now, that $5 million is just the total that we have from advanced purchase agreements as well as deferrals from 2022. We do anticipate additional sales from the U.S., Japan, EU and other markets, and we believe the majority of these sales will be in the second half of 2023.
Arpa Garay: We continue to believe in the strong, differentiated profile of our products. We do not have any updates on market share projections as we are currently in discussions with customers right now for fall 2023 contracting.
Arpa Garay: Sure. So, I would say we do anticipate it being at least the 3-player market with Moderna, Pfizer and GSK. There is a possibility of a 4-player market if J&J has a regulatory path forward with their adenovector virus vaccine. Nothing more to add there.
Arpa Garay: Sure. Yes. I can take the question on pricing. So overall, from a pricing philosophy perspective, Moderna is committed to pricing that reflects the value of our vaccines. In terms of what they deliver to patients, to societies and the healthcare systems, while also ensuring full access for patients regardless of their ability to pay. So, with that broader principle around pricing, we will be looking at the full recommendations that come out of ACIP as we get the filing and the ACIP recommendations to look at what the full value that could be provided back is based on things, as Stephen mentioned, around dosing frequency, and their pricing will be based on both value and access. I am not able to share any additional details on what sort of range that pricing might fall into, but it will be consistent with our overall pricing philosophy.
