Tal Zaks: Thank you, Stephen. So let me briefly summarize where we are in the rest of our pipeline. We have 4 other vaccine programs that are in clinical trials. The CMV vaccine is on track to start the pivotal Phase III this year. The Zika vaccine is preparing for a Phase II trial that is also expected to begin in this year. And our hMPV/PIV3 vaccine is currently enrolling in toddlers. Our RSV vaccine is being studied in 2 separate trials, 1 in children and 1 in adults. The pediatric trial is enrolling quickly, and the first 3 cohorts in the age de-escalation study have now been fully enrolled. We announced last month that we were taking our RSV vaccine into the adult population, and I'm happy to share that the first participant has since then been dosed in that trial. Just last month, we announced 3 new development programs in infectious disease vaccines. Our influenza vaccine program will evaluate 3 candidates comprising multiple antigen combinations against the 4 seasonal viruses recommended by the WHO, eventually moving 1 candidate into a Phase III trial. Our HIV vaccine program has 2 approaches. mRNA-1644 is a collaboration with IAVI and the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation. It's a novel approach to an HIV vaccine strategy that's designed to elicit broadly neutralizing HIV-1 antibodies. mRNA-1574 is a collaboration with the NIH, and this includes multiple native-like trimer antigens. And finally, for those unfamiliar with the Nipah virus, this is a zoonotic virus transmitted to humans from animals, that is either transmitted in food or through direct human-to-human transmission. It is included in the WHO R&D blueprint list of epidemic threats needed for urgent R&D action. mRNA-1215 is a collaboration with the NIH to develop a Nipah vaccine. We also have 7 clinical proof-of-concept trials ongoing in our exploratory modalities. The Phase II program in VEGF, partnered with AstraZeneca, is ongoing. The personalized cancer vaccine Phase II, which is in combination with KEYTRUDA compared to KEYTRUDA alone, that is partnered with Merck continues. And the Phase 1 of that program in multiple cohorts is ongoing, including the upsized head and neck cohort that is currently recruiting additional patients. The KRAS Phase I that is partnered with Merck continues. And in the intratumoral oncology, we have a Phase II ongoing with OX40 ligand program in ovarian cancer patients. The Phase I dose escalation for the triplet program is ongoing both as monotherapy and in combination with durvalumab. And IL-12 partnered with AstraZeneca continues in a Phase I trial. Finally, within the systemic intracellular therapeutics, the Phase I/II sites for our PA program are being initiated, and we plan to enter the clinic this year. This final slide has our full pipeline. And with that, let me hand it back to Stéphane.
Tal Zaks: This is Tal. The only thing I'd add is that, that has scientific precedence. There's been data. I, believe we had already a vaccine that was published a while ago that showed that if you come in months later, you can come in with a much lower dose and that is sufficient to provide a boost. So in the context of wanting to maximize the ability to provide a benefit from whatever given capacity, I think that strategy makes sense. On top of which, as Stephen alluded to, it could be that even 50 micrograms as a priming series could suffice. Recall that our dose at 100 supersedes what you see with natural infection in terms of neutralizing antibodies to begin with.
Tal Zaks: And Ted, this is Tal. As it relates to the triplet, I hope so. Data in oncology is a function of when we see responses. And so once we see them and we confirm them, then, of course, that becomes material information that we share. So it's hard to predict, but I would focus on it.
Tal Zaks: And Salveen, this is Tal. Thanks for your kind note. And I wanted to answer your question about the correlate. I think that work continues. It's being primary led by NIH who have access to all our samples as well as the other BARDA funded trials. The current assumption is that we should be able to move even without a correlate, and that is consistent with the recent FDA guidance on the development of a variant vaccine. I think if there does emerge a correlative protection, it will make everybody's life easier, especially those coming up in our footsteps in terms of licensing new vaccines. But I think also, for us, the ability to peg the dose level will be substantially made easier with that. So we continue to work towards that goal. We'll see in the coming months whether when one emerges.
Tal Zaks: Yes. That's a softball. Look, the mRNA, the beauty of the mRNA technology is the fact that the immune system doesn't recognize the LMPs per se. It only recognizes the protein that we teach the body to make. And so I believe that our vaccine platform is optimally suited to boost, irrespective of what primary series somebody got, whether it was a protein mRNA or, frankly, an adeno vector. I think the challenge with the adeno vector is for both the initial boost and certainly any work with variants down the road is going to be that the adeno vectors generate significant immunity against the other components of the adenovirus and thus, have the risk of limiting the ability to translate the transgene. And therefore, if you look at the boosting delta, that is how much additional antibody levels do you get from a boost, with adeno vectors, you can get a boost, but the magnitude of that boost is invariably less than the magnitude of the boost you get with an mRNA platform. And that is true just in the first boost. I suspect that if you needed to come with a third dose or a fourth dose or variant-specific vaccines, it would be challenging to get the requisite amount of specific immune recognition towards the new transgene.
Tal Zaks: Thanks, Stephen. Gena, thank you for your kind comments. The NIH, I'll defer to my colleagues there to describe their trial in the coming weeks once they launch it. But in essence, the answer is both. They will have arms there that will be testing the new variant vaccine as a boost in those who have been previously immunized on their Phase I trial. And then there will be a component that will test the new vaccine in a primary series.
Stephen Hoge: I'll take the - I'll try and take the first one and then hand it over to Tal as well. And then I think David will obviously take the second. The - so first on 50 micrograms, I'd remind you of a couple of things. So in this case, this is a third dose of a booster. And so I think we're quite optimistic that a substantially lower dose is necessary because the immune system has already been primed and boosted once. And this is just maturing and updating that immune response to new variant. And I'll note that we've shared our Phase II data, which does show that we see at 50 micrograms, even in a primary series, really good neutralizing antibodies. And so I think we're quite optimistic that 50 micrograms or lower will suffice as the third dose booster.
Stephen Hoge: Thank you, Salveen. I'll try and take the first part of that for those questions. So as far as what's optimal, I think we have to run the clinical experiment to know, and that's why you see us taking the 3 approaches. It is entirely possible, maybe even desirable, that 1273 as a third dose is able to boost immunity above a level that would be necessary to provide long-term protection against the new strains. But if you look forward and say at some point in the future, we're going to be perhaps in a regular boosting environment, what would be the ideal vaccine, it seems logical that a vaccine that provides the broadest immunity, so not just against ancestral strains or a boost against the new strains would perhaps be the best mode. And that's where I think the blended approach, so 1273.211 as we announced today might ultimately be the right long-term product. But in the near term, we got to run the clinical experiments to get the answer.
Stephen Hoge: Thank you for the questions, Gena. I'll take the first part of that and then hand it over to Tal to answer the NIH component. So in terms of the mRNA-1283, it is correct. It is - the fact that it is a shorter mRNA does help with the long-term stability and does facilitate, we think, moving that into a refrigerated vaccine. It's not the only feature. As you'll know, we've had advantages on our mRNA platform based on our long history of working in it, for instance, that we're functioning right now already, as has been noted, in a normal freezer for up to 6 months and actually already doing 30 days with mRNA-1273 in a refrigerator post stalling. And so it's a benefit that we're already well on that path, even with just 1273. I think the second part of your question was, is it just the RBM, and 1283 covers both the RBD and the end terminal domain. And as has been widely reported, those are particularly important for neutralizing activity in the immune system against SARS-CoV-2 virus.
Stephen Hoge: Sure. Yes. So thank you for that question. So let me take a stab at it. I think we're - as you noted, I mean, we had nearly or essentially 100% of efficacy against severe disease, 94% against moderate or any disease. And I think that gives us great optimism about the current 1273 vaccine that's been authorized is protecting and even if the new strains are slightly more virulent, that we'll be in good shape. I think the question, though, is at some point, you would expect coronavirus immunity to wane. And that's because in all of the human circulating coronaviruses, that's what happens. The durability here has always been a question. Is it 1 year? Is it 3 years? Is it 5 years? I think as you see new strains emerge, like the potentially concerning strains that we've been talking about, particularly in the Republic of South Africa and Brazil, you have to ask the question, is that - what does that look like not just now, but what does that look like 6 months from now, 1 year from now, as we start to move into a mode where we're going to see seasonal epidemics of coronaviruses, which we already see for the other coronaviruses, and you would have to assume will happen with SARS-CoV-2. And it's for that - it's those gaps in immunity that I think we're particularly focused on right now, which is, to what extent do you - to what extent in the future do at-risk populations emerge with increased risk against these new strains? It's not something you can see in the data in the first 30, 60, 90 days post vaccination in the current clinical trials. But it's something that you - we did talk a lot about last year, and I think it's going to continue to be something we have to track closely as we look ahead.
Stephen Hoge: So fair question. I mean, look, I think we will obviously update data on durability of responses across our Phase I, Phase II, Phase III trials as that comes out. And looking forward, it's prudent. And if we can, we will be providing updates as well against the new strains. I think what we're saying about the variants and strategies against it is - I think none of us want to be in a situation where we wait until there are reinfections and increased morbidity and, God forbid, more mortality in a seasonal epidemic, for instance, this winter in the Northern Hemisphere, this coming winter. And then say, okay, now it's time to be boosting people. And so as we're continuing to face an evolving virus that is changing its stripes and perhaps decreasing the durability of our immunity, we're trying to be very proactive with the 3 strategies we described. And I think we'll continue to follow things like the data that you pointed to, which is how are we doing in terms of immunity and blood of people who've previously been vaccinated or previously infected. We'll obviously closely be following reinfections. And then I think we all have to be following very closely what's happening in the southern hemisphere, because as they move into their winter and a potential seasonal spike in the winter as you normally see in temperate climates, it will help us understand to what extent are we still in a - we have to stay ahead in the concerning phase of this epidemic or pandemic or is it a place where we start to get more and more confident that the vaccines have the virus under control.
Stéphane Bancel: Thanks, Tal, and Stephen. On the second question, Matthew, as you know, we have been cautious about talking about supply for the year, and we have raised the number as we have understood better the learning curve of the process, as we've had the lots made and being able to see the demonstrated output. I think it's important to always appreciate this is a new technology we have never made and nobody in the world has made at that scale so fast. And so it's important for people to understand, we invested and built the manufacturing capacity, the ability to make 1 billion doses. The piece, having worked myself in manufacturing at commercial scale, and of course, you know Juan Andres, who runs manufacturing - used to run manufacturing for Novartis worldwide, there are so many unknown at this stage that as we learn more, we are upgrading our numbers. As you know, last year, early in the process, we said we feel comfortable we'll get at least 500 million doses of the 1 billion of infrastructure capacity. Then we raised it to 600. With what we have seen out of the U.S. supply chain, the - as you know, Europe is around 3 months behind the U.S. because of when we started building it. We did not have a Norwood-like site in Europe, as you know. We feel good about what's happening in the U.S. The team are doing really a remarkable job. And so we feel comfortable today to up what we call our base case. We feel very comfortable that we will deliver 700 million doses. The team is working extremely hard to get to 1 billion doses. They know that every extra dose we can get out of Moderna supply chain will be used and will help protect people. So you have our full commitment to do everything we can to get as close as we can to 1 billion. But at this stage, what we're saying is we feel very comfortable we can deliver 700 million, base plan. And we are still working through the upside, and I will not bet against the Moderna team to be able to do better. But at this stage, 700 million is the base.
Stéphane Bancel: Thanks, Stephen. And on the pricing question, Salveen, at this stage, we have not disclosed any information on pricing. The piece that I can share as just color is, as you know, we have a high efficacy vaccine. Governments understand the ability that we have to move fast on variants. And of course, they care deeply about that ability versus other technologies and other companies. And so in due course, as the 2021 year progress, we'll be sharing more color on the pricing strategy for 2022 when for both of the prime series as well as the variant. It might be the same, it might not be the same. So we'll discuss that in due course. Thank you.
Stéphane Bancel: So there's a lot to unpack here. Let me start maybe on pricing. So it's quite interesting because, as you know, this is public information, there are some vaccines that have been made available to governments at $3 per dose. And as you know, we walked you through our pricing strategy back, I think, in August, on the Q2 call. The Moderna vaccine is priced much higher. And I think it comes down to a few things. And the most important one is efficacy. Governments care about saving lives. Governments care about getting the economies back on their feet. And so what we're hearing from governments, literally almost on a daily basis as we engage with our existing government contracts versus new ones that are calling us, is there starts to be very clear differentiations between the different products that are either available already or that are getting very close to authorization. And I wish, if I had a crystal ball last year, that we would have built more manufacturing capacity for '21. But I did not anticipate and I don't think anybody did that there will be such difference of efficacy between vaccine, that the mRNA vaccine will be such high performance. As you know, some countries decided to invest first to procure vaccine in adeno or protein technology because they were better understood. And as we know what happened in 2020 in terms of the clinical data, that has played a big role. So it's quite interesting that - also seeing how people are reacting in the countries. If you follow the media, for example, in Europe, where several vaccines have been authorized. As you know, in U.S., we have as of today, I'm hopeful this will change soon with VRBPAC meeting tomorrow, but only to mRNA vaccine authorized in the U.S. But if you look at what's happening in some countries in Europe, also what's happening in different countries around the world, I think governments, because of essence, advisers and clinical advisers and because of really the aim to reduce the pressure on the health care system, in the hospitals. Also what is quite fascinating, and I'm sure you're all observing it, is that, at least the first time I've seen in my career, being 20 years in this business, that in the media every day, you hear about vaccines on TV, in the newspaper, online. And you have the product efficacy that are all over the news every day. This has never happened to my knowledge for any of our products. And so you have this very interesting phenomenon that's happening too, that you have the clinicians, the nurses, the pharmacists, but the consumers too, that are believing that those products are not all the same. And this, I think will be a very important differentiation as we move into '22, as we move more to a traditional commercial market, where it's not governments buying directly, but the traditional kind of retail channel. And the impact, I think, of the consumers' desire to ask for a product when he or she walks into a pharmacy or their GP's office will be quite significantly different from what we are used to with other products.
Stéphane Bancel: Those are great questions. So in terms of the flexibility, as I described in my remarks, the only raw material that is different from let's say mRNA-1273 to mRNA-1273.351 is only the plasmid. The enzymes are the same, the lipid is the same, with the same equipment in the same rooms with the same people. So the flexibility of this technology is really incredible for people that have worked with recombinant, like I used to do at Lilly. And as you know, I trained as a biochemical engineer, doing neutrophil and E. coli production in bioreactors. It is literally, you come a week after we use disposable reactors, you get new consumable plastic bags and so on as your reactor. And here you go again, you just need to change - take a different plasmid. Because we use disposable reactors and not stainless steel reactors you don't have to spend a lot of time doing cleaning, validation because we basically dispose of things. And so the flexibility is quite incredible. You just need a new plasmid. And so because - so it's not a very expensive part of the cost of the total cost of the finished product that is filled in a vial, because you have to make the mRNA, you have to formulate it and you have to fill it in a vial, our doing a lot of plasmid at risk for variant is a great optionality for the company with very, very good payment. So that's a piece that I think makes this technology very unique and ready to scale and be able to be flexible to respond to different demand. Is there a world where we potentially might end up with a different combination of mutant boost on the road in different continents? Maybe. I don't know, again, it will be market-driven. But if it is what the market requires, we can accommodate that in a way that is totally atypical to what the industry could do and at the speed, which is, I think will surprise many. Because again, we make these other products in the same reactors. In terms of taking down the manufacturing capacity if we don't need, let's say, in '23 or '24, the same amount of volume because of a mass of boosting, as we say, it's actually interesting because, as you know, we have now good plants where we have quite a lot of capacity. But also, we have some capacity at Lonza, in New Hampshire and also capacity in Switzerland, where they have there several lines of manufacturing. So we have actually quite a lot of flexibility to take capacity down at Lonza, either in the U.S. and/or in Europe at different time points. So that's one point. The other piece we should not forget is the pipeline. And I will just make 2 comments, which I think are very important to understand why actually us building manufacturing to that scale is going to be so enabling to Moderna to keep growing and growing and growing. First is the other vaccines. CMV is ready to move into Phase III, as we said this year. We will give you updates on the flu program, but I will remind everybody that there is an approvable endpoint with the regulator for seasonal flu vaccines. And so we anticipate that the development of the flu program will be pretty quick. And as we discussed on previous calls, one of our kind of optimal target product profile for down the road will be a product that is both seasonal flu, with the current strain of flu, but also a boost for COVID-19 with the relevant strain at that time in the same dose. So we anticipate we should have high efficacy for flu as much as mRNA virus. It's a pretty straightforward virus like the SARS-CoV-2 virus. And so that is where we are going. We have more vaccines coming to the market. And then there's also our therapeutic pipeline. And the piece, I think, that is actually quite good for us that we started with vaccine, the scale-up, is I go back to mass, which is if you think about some of our products, as you know 1273 requires 100-microgram per human per dose. But if you look at the chikungunya antibody program, that use the IV-formulated mRNA that we use also in the rare disease program, for example, what we showed is very good data at 0.1 milligram per kilo. So in a 70-kilo adult, it is 7 milligrams compared to 100 micrograms. So as we move the therapeutic pipeline further into development, but especially to commercial, we're going to need much more mass of mRNA. And so I actually - I'm spending a lot of time thinking, one, how do we keep adding capacity to manage the entire pipeline as it's progressing. We have the flexibility with Lonza, that's why we did it this way with Juan, so we are ready to take it - take chunks down if we need to. But if I was a betting man, I would bet with you that we're going to be more adding than taking capacity down because of the probability of technical success. As I've said all along, I believe we will launch the CMV vaccine, given the data we have, the medical need and the biology we're able to do with both the pentamer and GB. And so I'm more spending time wanting to think about how do we do more.
Stéphane Bancel: Thanks. So as we've said all along, which is why we gave a range and not one number for expected supply in the year, I think one number is a very dangerous strategy. As we said, those type of consumables are, of course, important. We are in a regulated business, and we cannot start to make a product until we have all the components, all the raw material, the entire train team and so on and so forth. So we have a lot of - like in an airplane, you have to check a lot of things before you can start the engine. Well, in GMP manufacturing, you have to do the same to ensure the quality and the safety of the product. And so, well, I think the team has done a very good job last year. And as you recall, we started racing against this virus in very early January. And it's in the late January time frame that we started to say, geez, this could turn into a pandemic. And we started to think bigger. And so, one, the team and I spent quite a lot of time as we were starting to think about, okay, how do we go - if we had to make 1 billion doses in '21, how would we do that? I used to run the supply chain at Lilly globally. And we went right away to start to talk to our suppliers. And one other thing we had to do, and if you recall, we did an important capital raise in May of last year, which was very important for getting us to where we are today, in some suppliers. Because the increase of mass of product we're ordering from them was so gigantic, a thousand times more, even 2,000 times more than the year before. As you can imagine, many of them looked at us a bit funny and were very worried. They were worried that if the drug would fail, they might be in trouble, because they will have to get this type of increase of capacity to sometime, buy new equipment, hire more people, buy their own raw materials to make our raw materials for our product, if that makes sense. And so sometimes what we have to do with the team is actually to pay upfront the entire purchase of product so that they will go and take that cash and start to invest to prepare for scale up. So we took a lot of business risk last year that we thought were necessary to ensure we could deliver this year on the output from the manufacturing supply chain. So I think we're in a good place. Do we have from time to time, one component that give us a sleepless night because it's very tight? It's happening because the ramp-up the industry is doing is unprecedented. But so far, so good, and we are extremely on top of it, including as we do things like increasing capacity that we announced last night to right away, not only buy new machine, but right away, place new orders for raw materials and make sure we keep increasing our safety stock so that we run this more and more as a regular business where you have safety stock on site. So if your supplier has a bump in a road, a pump breaking or something else, that we are able to manage that variability, which is normally manufacturing without impacting our ability to maximize our own output.
Stéphane Bancel: Thank you, David. So let me take the CMV question. So a few bit of colors on the $2 billion to $5 billion annual peak sale estimate that we talked about now a while ago. We talked about that as a company that never had run a Phase III at the time, that had never launched a product or get a product approved at the time, that had 0 commercial employee at the time. So we did the analysis with an outside commercial consulting company and with our strategy team and the team here that many of us have commercial experience. So we tend to be cautious, because as a new company we want to make sure that we build credibility and credibility in life has to be earned. And so I will just make the analogy to manufacturing in the sense, we built 1 billion of capacity, and we are very upfront to the financial community about it last year when we did so. But we said, look, given the unknown on raw material supply, given the unknown on yield, we feel comfortable we should get at least 500 million doses out. And then as we learned more, we moved to 600. And as we learned more, we moved it yesterday to 700 million. So do I believe it is possible as we're going to sell more than 5 billion of CMV? Yes, I believe it's possible because it's an incredible unmet medical need. As the world develops, I think the piece one has to be careful about peak sales is peak sales when peak sales slightly up [indiscernible] peak sales 25 years after launch because those vaccines are like annuity-like products. There's, of course, inflation. There's, of course, developing countries that are becoming richer and richer. So is there upside to the number? I believe there's upside to the number. But that's our number right now as a company.
Stéphane Bancel: Well, thank you very much, everybody, for joining us. We look forward to seeing you at our next event on April 14 for Vaccine Day, and I wish everybody to stay safe. Have a great day. Bye.
David Meline: Yes. So the $200 million of revenue was associated with the deliveries that we made to the government in the fourth quarter in the U.S., which was around $17 million.
David Meline: Okay. Maybe then I'd comment on the question about cost of sales. So Cory, what I did try to say early on was that we don't have precision in all cases. In the case of cost of sales, I would say there are puts and takes that we're monitoring, but we gave you the 20%, because we feel confident that, that's the right range, right zone that we're in. And yes, as we move through time, there's going to be more information as we ramp up our factory capabilities and answer some of the other questions. But I think you're good for now with that modeling assumption.
David Meline: Yes. Maybe I'll take the first one. On the cost of goods, percent of sales, our advice right now is to assume that's pretty stable through the year, including as we exit the year. So I would recommend you model it consistently. There will be some ups and downs. And the ups and downs are more related to the mix of business and the price levels of the product that necessarily changes in the cost of the produced product. And hence, given that, we get out towards the year-end, we don't have complete visibility on precisely what the book of business and mix will look like of sales, hence, some uncertainty around the precise percentage number. But again, I would advise just treating it as a constant for now. And then as we get better information, we'll give that to you as we move through the year.
David Meline: Yes. So maybe I'll cover the first one. On the tax rate, as I said, what happens is we're carrying this net operating loss with a full valuation reserve right now against the deferred tax asset that comes with it. So that will, of course, get released as we start generating pretax income. And it's likely based on the current book of business that we would consume during the year the entire loss carryforward. So that's point one. Point two is from an accounting perspective, what happens is you basically project the full year tax rate, including the consumption of that deferred tax asset. And then you start accounting quarter-by-quarter based on that average of the full year rate. So it actually, from an accounting perspective, doesn't matter, the timing of the release of the NOL, the deferred tax asset and the valuation reserve. So that's why I tried to be clear with the mid-teen percentage, including in Q1, because from an accounting perspective, it will - it would be stable unless we have some other changes that caused the full year rate to change as we move forward. Hopefully, that's clear.
