Tal Zaks: Yeah. Hi, this is Tal. Let me try and take that. I think the bottom line here is that we feel I think an obligation to the participants of the COVE study, especially those for whom an EUA will be appropriate that there is a way for them to ultimately benefit from what they themselves have contributed to. And of course, I think we all listened intently to Vertex last week. There is a balance to be had here. The way I think this is going to happen at the end of the day, unfortunately, the cases are accruing. We are in a period of increasing transmission. And so I expect that there will be some time between knowing that the bar has been crossed for efficacy, doing the analysis and discussing with FDA. And part of that conversation is finding the right balance of how long do you continue to collect blinded data and what is the type of data that one can collect post blinding, but still on trial. I mean if you do the math, if you're looking for very rare safety events for example, then an unblinded study actually could give you power to detect that even more than a blinded trial. So a lot of these elements I think are going to go into of the conversation that we're having with FDA. And I'm confident that together with them we will find the right balance as to how to operationalize this. As it relates to the timing, I think we're on track to have the first interim in November. I think I expect unfortunately that we're going to be on track for additional cases occurring in December and beyond. And so the totality of data in the coming months I think will cross that threshold I anticipate for efficacy and the rest will be a dialog with FDA and other regulatory agencies on the right process by which to ensure we demonstrate the safety and efficacy and ultimately make the vaccine available.
Tal Zaks: Thanks, Matthew. Let me try and give you a sense of how I see the data. First of all, my sense from the emerging data is that attack rates of our trial participants do mirror what we see in those zip codes where the subjects are coming from. It's not a surprise because if you look at the demographics of what we've been able to achieve in the COVE study, having so many people, minorities older with co-morbid conditions, so it's on par with expectations, I think writ large. And unfortunately with the current attack rates not slowing down, the math that we're doing, it's this paradox of more attack rates out there worse off for our subjects unfortunately, but the data will get there. So that's my sense. Now there is a balance to be had, which I think is -- I've tried to address in the first question that not just us but everybody in the field is struggling with, which is the accumulation of data versus the eventual unblinding of participants and how does that all play into regulatory expectations, and I think we'll continue to have this dialog in the coming weeks. The concern you raised about functional unblinding, yes, I share that. I think we all do, to a certain degree. We chose a dose that we believe is optimal in the sense that people may get some transient flu-like symptoms, but it's worth it for the opportunity to prevent this disease. I don't think this leads to lower event rates, per se. I think my biggest concern is that, if anything, it would bias us against vaccine efficacy rate. If people behave because they think they got something and that modifies their behavior, then if anything, you would expect that the behaviors would be such that the placebo recipients would be less at risk of getting infected and the vaccine recipients would be more at risk of getting infected. So at least from a statistical and robustness of the data, it shouldn't have any adverse effect. If anything, it should hurt us. But I don't expect this ultimately to be significantly changing the event rates. And if I look at the macro picture, as I've said, I think we're going to be on track, unfortunately, for where we anticipate being.
Tal Zaks: Thank you. Yeah, this is, Tal. Look, I can't comment about our competitors. I don't know their data. So I'll leave that to them. I can repeat what I said about our sense. We do of course see the data coming in. There is a small team at Moderna that's aware of the cases that's following up. That number is of course being kept confidential to minimize speculation here. But I can tell you that overall since we are following the zip codes and the counties from which these participants come, we have pretty sophisticated models of what to expect, and I think we're on track for those expectations. So I think we should be on track for that first interim some time in November, as we have articulated. You raised a valid point about the interim, and thank you for asking that. Hitting that interim is going to be a function of what the actual vaccine efficacy is and an element of luck on the distribution of the first batch of data you see. Not hitting it doesn't mean the vaccine doesn't work. And in fact, it doesn't even mean that the vaccine has a less than 75% efficacy. We could easily not hit and yet come back on the second interim and demonstrate an 80% or 85% efficacy. That's kind of the chance of how the stats work. I think the alpha spend, etc., you're correct. This is a conservative design and maybe it's an opportunity to dispel a notion. The fact that we crossed the boundary at an interim doesn't mean it's less powerful than a final from the peer statistical standpoint. Once you cross that boundary, you have the same statistical conviction that you would have had on the final. Now I think the way I think about the data here is irrespective of the point at which we cross the boundary, the trial will continue blinded for a period of time. Data will continue to accrue. And as long as the trial continues blinded, we will get better and better with more and more data to increase the level of certainty we have on all the endpoints of the trial. So in that regard, for me, this first crossing of the interim is just the basis that allows us to go and have confidence to start doing analysis and proceed down the path of regulatory interactions so that we can ensure that ultimately access is not delayed to people when there is such a high need out there in our communities.
Tal Zaks: Let me take that. The safety, yes, we see the totality in a blinded fashion. I would remind you that the Independent Data Safety Monitoring Board that's been appointed by the NIH and sees not just our trial, but also the other U.S. OWS-sponsored trials, in parallel sees both the blinded and the unblinded data. Writ large, I can tell you that so far we're not seeing anything unexpected, so the trial continues. And in that regard, I don't expect surprises when we eventually unblind. Your second question around the timing is I think it's a matter of weeks between the first and the second interim, not months. Now I can't be more precise because obviously it's a function of the future transmission rates in areas, and I hope that they go down. But for now this is four weeks, not longer. In terms of futility, I think the boundary is to show that this is going the wrong way. It's specified to the degree that we felt it was appropriate to specify in the protocol. Beyond that, I can say that the reason you have a Data Safety Monitoring Board, you've got on that panel several statisticians and several experienced clinicians. So it is where I expect them to exercise their judgment and experience when they're looking at it closely.
Tal Zaks: Reporting of case rates and infection rates together. It's -- we've got a couple of independent expert panels and teams here that compile the totality of the data that emerges from the various surveillance programs and sophisticated models to create those predictions.
Tal Zaks: If you're asking me to describe what's under that hood, it's a complicated black box for me. But I can tell you that the number that it spits out ultimately looks very close to the number that we see on a daily and weekly basis at this stage, and that's what gives me the confidence.
Tal Zaks: So, George, this is Tal. Interesting point you raised. Typically if you don't hit the primary, you don't get to get -- take credit from secondary is the way the stats are laid out. I think in this case, if there is biological possibility, then of course we'd go and discuss with the agency what the data are looking like. Because I anticipate we will actually have the opportunity to cross it early, we may have those discussions ahead of time while more data is accumulating. And if we fail to hit it, but the trial continues blinded given I think the exigent circumstances, we can go and have a dialog with the agency on what we've seen so far. But I'd say the proximal answer would still be the conservative one, which is if you don't hit the primary, it's very hard to take credit for secondaries. It's going to be up to the regulators. I think the answer to your second question is an easier one. Yes, the supply agreement kicks in and U.S. government I would expect would start to take the supplies once we have an Emergency Use Authorization.
Tal Zaks: Let me try and take that. This is Tal. So it's oncology, and data I think is determined by not just patient accrual, but the events that happen on trial. And so it's really hard for me to predict, which is why we've been very clear on how many patients we have and where are we. I think the next tranche of data I would anticipate will be once we have a sufficient number of these patients with ovarian cancer on trial, and that is already in combination with the PD-L1 blocker. So that should be informative for our response rates once we have sufficient patients with sufficient follow-up.
Tal Zaks: Yeah. So that's a good question. Let me tell you how I think about it. Again, as I alluded before, I think the concept of sterilizing immunity is a function of how you actually test for it. We'll be able to demonstrate prevention of infection, at least as measured by serology, which is to say maybe somebody saw a little bit of the virus, but actually the antibodies kicked in and they never established enough to demonstrate antibodies against the other parts of the virus, the nuclear capsid. That's actually what we will be measuring in the Phase 3 as a way to show protection from asymptomatic infection. I'm hopeful that we will be able to demonstrate that. I anticipate that -- I mean, just on first principles, what is the hardest thing for a vaccine to do? It's to sterilize. What's the next hardest? It's to prevent asymptomatic. What's the easiest? It's probably to prevent the most severe disease. And so that's how I think about the order of expectations. But I think what you're really getting at is what is going to be the ability of this vaccine to prevent transmission. And I think because I don't anticipate any easy direct measure of this, we're going to have to do some math once we see the data. I expect that if people get less sick and certainly less severe sick, they will be spreading less because I think there is -- while we have asymptomatic spread, we also have symptomatic spread. And so -- and in fact, I think the higher the symptoms at least earlier in the disease, potentially the more the viral shedding you see. So that's a complicated equation that I think in a nutshell is going to be very hard to answer directly through some concrete measurement in the trial. What we will hope to show is that we prevent asymptomatic infection based on serology. We will clearly hope to show prevention of symptomatic infection, that's the primary endpoint. And based on first principles, which by the way, Phil Krause from FDA alluded to and agreed with last Thursday, one would anticipate that if you prevent symptomatic disease, you should -- it should be even clearer that you're preventing the more severe manifestation.
