Stéphane Bancel: Thank you, Lavina. Good morning or good afternoon, everyone. I hope all of you are in good health and remain safe. Thank you for joining our Q2 business update. We are committed to building mRNA as a new class of medicines. We model our position to remain the leader in this field. As you know, we believe our mRNA medicines have a potential to address the large and unmet medical needs and to treat diseases that are not addressable by recombinant protein or small molecules. Due to the platform nature of mRNA, we believe our mRNA medicines provide a higher probability of technical success to commercial launch and faster timelines to clinical trials and to the market relative to traditional medicines. We also believe that the manufacturing capital intensity of mRNA is materially lower than recombinant protein and the cost of manufacturing at commercial scale will be similar to small molecule injectables. Let me start by summarizing the key achievements of the Company in Q2 on slide 4. mRNA-1273, COVID-19 vaccine candidate, saw the start of its Phase 2. And the team focused on the Phase 3 design and preparation for July start. We signed a strategic long-term partnership with Lonza to a significant manufacturing capacity to make mRNA and formulate it at large industrial scale to complement our Massachusetts manufacturing site capacity in the context of the pandemic. We started the technology transfer to Lonza in Q2. We raised $1.3 billion on May 18th. And as communicated in our S-3, this capital was raised to enable us to scale up at risk our manufacturing capacity in anticipation of a potential approval for mRNA-1273. We started investing the proceeds for additional capital equipment at our Massachusetts plant, as well as the Lonza plants in New Hampshire and in Switzerland, ordering raw materials at large scale and hiring additional personnel to make mRNA-1273. In April, we finalized and announced an award from BARDA for up to $483 million for clinical development costs for mRNA-1273. An additional award was also announced last week for upto $472 million, given the increased size of the Phase 3 to 30,000 participants. The total world is now upto $955 million. In a very difficult environment, during the spring, given the many lockdowns across the U.S. due to COVID-19 outbreak, our clinical team was able to continue to operate most of our clinical trials on schedule. And we remain on track to provide in Q3 the Phase 2 interim data for CMV vaccine candidate, mRNA-1647. The team continues to work relentlessly to start the Phase 3 study for CMV in 2021. We continue to believe that our CMV vaccine candidate annual peak sales could be $2 billion to $5 billion. And like mRNA-1273, COVID vaccine candidate, we own the global commercial rights of mRNA-1647, our CMV vaccine candidate. Q2 marked a new growth phase for Company as we started to build and hire our commercial team. This is a historic moment for those of us who have worked at the Company for many years, since it was a breakthrough research enterprise, working with small animal models. And now, we’re building commercial. In Q2, the team started discussions with several countries around the world about potential supply agreements for mRNA-1273. We saw first deferred revenues book in Q2 on the balance sheet for $75 million of cash receipts from deposits for first potential supply of mRNA-1273. As of the July 27th, we have received approximately $400 million of cash deposit. For today’s call, we will cover three main topics. First, Tal will review and update you on our clinical programs and share some new clinical data on our CMV and Zika vaccine candidates. Then, Stephen and I will share with you our value framework for vaccine COVID-19 candidate and our approach for delivering value during the pandemic. Finally, David will take you through the second quarter financials. Let me now turn the call to Tal.
Stéphane Bancel: Thank you, Tal. And Matthew, on the first question around manufacturing, we will not share inventory numbers at this time. What I can tell you is that as we speak, our teams are making commercial products, receiving the potential approval of mRNA-1273. So, we are literally making products and stockpiling at risk. In terms of the capacity, I’ll confirm what we have said before, which is for 2021, the 500 million dose per year continues to be our base plan, meaning the team has a good sense of how to execute over that plan. And the team continues to work really hard over many different approaches, from new process, equipment to debottleneck, to find a path to 1 billion, which we still consider at this date as an upside. So, the base of 500, it’s your base case and the team is still working hard to figure out how we can get closer to a 1 billion capacity for ‘21 output.
Stéphane Bancel: So, on the Phase 3 pricing. So, safety of course is really important, but I would say, it’s important for us, the sponsor, for regulators obviously. And that would be kind of an important consideration to look at the totality of the data, especially for approval of a product. So, assuming a good safety profile, we believe that one important parameter, of course, is efficacy. Because again, I think efficacy has different dimension as efficacy that is important to reach the immunity at the population level. But also, efficacy, if you look at it in the eyes of whoever received the vaccine. Because you can appreciate the vaccine with 50% efficacy or vaccine with 90% efficacy will be very different, what it means to you potentially just statistically, in terms of you getting protection or not. And then, I would say, the subpopulation. I mean, of course, healthy adult is what has been mostly reported so far. It’s a very important population, obviously, that we all look forward to looking at the data in the elderly. As we all know, as Stephen described, again, during the remarks, the elderly are very vulnerable to the virus. And so, understanding antibody titer, understanding efficacy in the elderly, we believe is going to be important. As for diversity, we talk about ethnic groups. It has been widely reported that some ethnic groups are impacted very differently by the virus, and so, getting an understanding of that through the study. As you know, we have paid a lot of attention and we talked about it, it was actually in one of our call about the effort that the team is going through to ensure a good representation across ethnic groups. And then, I would say, comorbidity is also very important, again, because of who is being held the most by this virus, to understand is there a difference or different comorbidity groups for different vaccines. So, as you can see, there’s going to be a lot of pieces of the efficacy picture. Again, some public payers in some countries might be willing or not to pay for different efficacy for different efficacy group. The private market might have a very-different inclination. And in places where it’s out of pocket, you will have actually people having also making very different type of decisions. The other dimension of course is duration of protection, which obviously will take time for all the vaccine manufacturers to really understand at large scale in the clinical setting. Because you heard us say, we believe as many of the health experts believe virus is not going away. We believe there’s going to be an endemic market once the pandemic is declared over by the WHO. Duration would be an important factor. As you can appreciate, if vaccine provides one year production, versus six months, versus two years, versus three years, that will all play into the equation. So, those are some of the factors that we will carefully think about, again, both in the pandemic setting where we said, we will make sure that we price a product at a big discount to value, and in the endemic setting, when we look at all this different product performance, and market forces to determine what we believe is the most optimal price for the product.
Stéphane Bancel: Sorry. Thank you. So, on Vertex, so as we communicated, I think it was in the Q1 call, Vertex decided to expand the collaboration with Moderna on CF. The joint teams’ discovery have done a really remarkable job in the last few years in term of delivery. As you can imagine, given as well, making the CFTR mRNA is another complicated, given all the things we have done in the current state of the platform and the technology. It is obviously, the challenge entirely in delivery. We look forward to sharing some data soon. Again, it’s a partnership. So, we need to of course align with Vertex on what we believe is the right timing. But, as Tal said, the teams on both sides, I think Vertex and Moderna are very excited about the progress, about the possibility what it will mean for patients. And as we discussed before, if we can find a technology to deliver safely into the lungs and mRNA, obviously, we will be able to use that for obviously disease of lung. And just to remind everybody, the Vertex collaboration is focused on the CFTR gene. And so, the other applications will belong to Moderna from a commercial standpoint.
Stéphane Bancel: Yes. And we just -- to add to Tal’s important comments. When things started to look bad from a global basis in terms of the spread of SARS-CoV-2, we spent quite a long time, I would say in the February timeframe, with the Board and with a team to think about how do we structure the Company, how do we resource the Company, to Tal’s point, so best we can do both. It was very clear that a lot of focus and energy was going to be required to march at a very fast pace, without compromise to safety for 1273. But, at the same time, Moderna has always been a platform company, it has always been about managing risk through very diverse pipeline across different therapeutic areas, across different modalities or technology, for those on the call that are not used to Moderna. And so, it was really important for us, given the inherent risk of developing a product at 1273. Again, we feel much better now, given the data we have seen, but I’m looking back in February. And so, we put a quite a large number of very experienced development professionals in clinical, regulatory, clinical operations, to be able to actually do both. That was one of our big challenges. And I have to say, the team has really done a remarkable job to both, push 1273 as safe as we can, as hard as we can, because that every day those matter, and at the same time, continue to execute on the pipeline. It has been very challenging, given the lockdown or given our focus on safety. Some of the studies were easier to keep rolling, some of the studies, because involving children, we wanted to make sure especially children with very severe disease that we didn’t take the risk to expose them to infection by going to clinical trial sites or their caregiver, their family. And so, we have not laid down an inch on the focus on the pipeline outside of COVID.
Stéphane Bancel: Thank you. Good morning. This is Stéphane. So, this first one is going to be quick because we are not disclosing unit margin per product. On the endemic market, clearly, as we said in our remarks, the competitive dynamics are going to be important. We continue to believe that when you look at the totality of the data, not only across 1273 but across 1273 today that’s public and around the platform that efficacy is going to be an important parameter. We’ve hired people and we continue to have people in the commercial world that comes from large established vaccine players who have relationship with government, who have relationship with people in the channel. And so, we believe that we should be able to establish good commercial programs based on the performance of the product.
Tal Zaks: Matthew, this is Tal. Let me maybe take the second question first, and then I’ll defer to Stéphane to take the first one. Look, I can’t comment on media reports. I think that we have been working very closely with the agency, as I’m sure my colleagues have from other companies to make sure that we’re locked up and give them the greatest -- best visibility we can to our data as it emerges. We continue that dialogue as our Phase 3 is now enrolling. The Phase 3 trial has pretty clear, if you will, interim analyses and this statistical -- robust statistical plan that we have described in the past. But obviously, with the level of unmet need and more and more data emerging to substantiate a potential for benefit as we continue to accumulate safety data on the Phase 3, I’m very happy to see that FDA continues to take a very proactive stance in evaluating for the totality of the clinical data as it emerges. And, as soon as I have any more insights than that, I’ll be more than happy to share it. 
Tal Zaks: It’s a great question. The challenge is that I don’t know how to build those assumptions, given the huge wide variability we see in actual infections rate. So, the number of infections you need to see, correlates to the number of cases required to pass the interim. And as we’ve disclosed, it’s roughly a little over 50 -- a little over 100 and 150 some for first and second interim and then the final. That’s sort of number of cases. And I think the advantage of running a 30,000-subject trial with 15,000 of them getting active vaccine and the rest as the placebo is that the larger that cohort, the more likely you are to see those cases early. But, it’s of course, a direct function of infection rates. I think, sort of if you step back, philosophically, we designed with our partners at NIH such a large trial with the initial goal, not knowing at the time what the infection rates were. You kind of just take a cross country average, you figure you’re going to be able to enrich it somewhat and you make it broad enough so that it’s representative of the diverse population. I think, what we’ve seen is an anticipated acceleration of the timeline to cases, not just by us. But I think by many people out there, recognizing that infection rates currently in the U.S. are actually higher, certainly in the areas in which we’re doing this trial than maybe we would have thought three, four months ago. So, I think the initial projections and people smarter than we have sort of made them was that we had expected to see the cases come in towards the end of the year, or by the end of the year. I think with infection rates, currently, there may be an acceleration of this. But, it’s extremely hard to predict. We, like everybody else, follow these on a daily and weekly moving average. And I don’t think, I’ve got a better crystal ball than anybody else in that domain.
Tal Zaks: Yes. This is Tal. I’ll take a run at that. It’s a great question. I think, all of us are trying to look at them and understand the assays. There are big differences because those assays are not standardized and you’ve seen a range of PRNT50s, you’ve seen assays against live virus, pseudo virus neutralization. What’s clear is that all of these correlate with each other pretty well. But, there also are differences. And I think if you look across, that’s why everybody is trying to sort of report it out as a ratio to the convalescent plasma. The challenge there is, again, there is no standard panel for what the convalescent plasma is. So, everybody’s using different panels of sera. I think, the ballpark estimates are probably roughly comparative. My sense is sort of between half a log and a log of each other, for sure, maybe even tighter than that. But, it’s hard to drill down and get confidence that you’re really comparing apples to apples. And they’re certainly I don’t think identical. People try to set them up in identical ways, but you’re going to have minor variances. There’s also variability in the preclinical models reported. You can see different -- especially in the NHP, you can see people using different inoculums -- or inoculum levels different of severity of infections in the different models and then reporting out protection or not. So, unfortunately, we’re still relatively in the early days. I think, the good news is that you’ve seen for our data pretty robust titers in every which assay you measure as it relates to convalescent plasma. I’m happy for all of us that I think we’re probably not alone. There are going to be other vaccines that also seem to be getting close to that. And so, ultimately, we’ll all get wiser when we see the Phase 3 results over.
Tal Zaks: Yes. It’s a great question on how the platforms are starting to stack up to each other. I think, our data continues to be as good or better than anything anybody’s recorded, both in terms of what we’re able to show in neutralizing antibodies and in terms of the challenge we do in the non-human primate and the ability to completely eradicate or eliminate the power application of both the lung and the nose. It’s been nice to see Pfizer validating our data in a way with the BioNTech construct. Of course, we’re still very curious to see what they’re taking into Phase 2 and 3, because reportedly they’re taking a different construct than the ones for which they’ve shown data. I think the adeno vectors writ large -- it’s been an interesting story. Initially, it’s pretty clear that there’s less expectation for their ability to boost, given the nature of their platform. And, indeed, the first one -- I don’t think boosted at all. The AstraZeneca Oxford data I think are encouraging and that they can get with a boost apparently to levels of convalescent plasma. Hard to say, very early data, as I think even though they dosed more than 1,000 subjects, they showed data for 10, which they gave a prime boost. So, I’m encouraged by those data and I hope that that’s enough. I suspect that if that ends up being the case, then hopefully for all of us, you will see them sort of be able to reach the minimal bar. But, I’m encouraged by our data and expect that they will translate into -- I’m optimistic that they’ll translate into higher point estimates for efficacy. We saw Novavax data last night, I think any of us who’s been following the field of vaccines, anticipated that a recombinant protein on the right way with a strong adjuvant could be effective. I think, certainly, their neutralizing anybody data are encouraging. And ultimately, I think, the Phase 3 results are going to be required now to really understand fully the point estimate for efficacy as well as a better understanding of the reactogenicity and safety profile of these various approaches. So, in summary, I think the mRNA platforms are clearly there with our data looking great. I think, Novavax did a very nice progress. And I think, adeno vectors, I hope they get there. But, I think they’re going to struggle to boost. And I think, all -- anybody who’s done boost or is able to show a boost is able to show as immunology would anticipate, a very nice potentiation with the booster shot.
Tal Zaks: So, let me take those. I’m not sure we’re going to see a significantly additional data on convalescent plasma. We’re going to look at that when we report out the Phase 2. So, I think it’s premature for me to say one way or another. Regarding your question on Phase 3, I’ll make two points. The primary analysis is just a number of cases. It’s not really -- it’s a slightly different method statistically, but you end up with the same place as I think what you’re referring to as the Pfizer methodology. You will see the number of cases and then the split in those cases, and of course, will describe the timeframe. In terms of counting those cases, you are correct in that the formal counting of cases where you want to see the distribution occurs 14 days after the booster shot, that’s the definition of the primary endpoint. There is, however, a secondary endpoint that will look at the totality of cases that emerge once people start the trial. And of course, I think that could be further supportive evidence, especially its infection rates are so high that indeed we start to see some cases even in the first six weeks. The case definition for us is symptomatic disease. Again, there may be some minor variations between sponsors. I’m not sure everybody’s fully harmonized to the same definition. We’ve been very transparent with the exact definition of our endpoints, so that people can draw their own conclusions and comparisons.
Tal Zaks: So, Cory, it’s astute observation. And we and our partners at NIH have thought about this one long and hard. I think, at the end of the day, you’re right, especially after the second dose. First dose, probably people still won’t know it. Second dose, people may intuit whether they’ve got the active one or not. I think, the important pieces here is that the endpoints are pretty hard endpoints and that and I don’t think that you’re going to be less likely to report significant symptoms, if you’ve got placebo or not and the measurement of a PCR test as a PCR test. We have put in place measures to ensure that there’s no sort of quirks of the unblinding. For example, we’re going to be testing by PCR everybody, both on this one and when they come in from the second dose just to make sure that if they do see some mild flu like symptoms, they are clearly attributable to vaccine or it is an infection and we’re not biasing by measuring more frequently in those that cut a vaccine. I think beyond the first couple of days, I don’t expect them to be significant symptoms in anybody. So, I don’t think there’s going to be biasing of any testing. In terms of the asymptomatics, we’re going to look retrospectively anyway and call that based on serology and everybody will get tested. So, I think by making sure that all the objective measures are done on both arms at the same time points, I think we should be in pretty good shape here.
Tal Zaks: So, let me take, Geoff, the first question and then, I’ll let Stéphane answer the second. I think, a lot of hay has been made out of T cell responses. Look, T cells are near and dear to my heart, being a medical oncologist. They’re required to cure cancer. I don’t -- I’m not quite sure, they’re as important to cure COVID-19 frankly. I think, what they are is a measure of the quality of the response. So, if you will, the fact that we see the right kind of Th1 helper, I think makes everybody feel good about the antibody responses. But at the end of the day, the best measure of the immune response you’re getting is look at the ability to boost after a prime. That tells you that the immune -- even after dose, once you get the boost, you can see the antibody levels come up quickly. They come up to high levels, they come up with good neutralizing activity, which is a best predictor that should you get infected, the immune system will trigger again in a similar manner. And that’s how the immune system works. I think we’ve had plenty of data from other infectious diseases demonstrating that whenever you try to find a correlative protection, and Merck has done that with y Zostavax years ago, and that’s even a disease where you think T cells matter more, the correlative protection comes up time and again being neutralizing antibody, not T cells. T cells are an adjunct sort of measure of the quality of the response when it comes to these kinds of viruses. And I think, the totality of the data that you’ve seen with SARS-CoV-2 in terms of all the animal models, you can passively transfer antibodies and get protection. So, I think that there’s been a lot of variability on the T cell side in terms of people recording assays, and I think people are trying to read into T leg [ph] and assume something about the quality of the response. But to me, that’s a more distal measure of what matters when you’ve got the most obvious proximal measure of what we think is the correlate and the thing that will translate to benefits, which is thriving antibodies. So, it’s a bit of a long winded way of saying that I don’t think it matters as much. And certainly, when you look at optimizing our platform, look, we know our platform is optimized to generate T cell responses. We’ve seen that in the cancer T cell space, where we just do -- all we do is raise CD8 positive T cells by putting in concatenated CD8 positive epitopes. We get some CD4s. But, that is an innate function scientifically of the ability to translate the antigen from within the cell, within mRNA. So, I don’t think, it would be fruitful to try and optimize to T cells. I don’t know that it matters and I wouldn’t know how to do it. And by the way, we already have something that seems to do that based on the fundamental science of what our platform is doing. Let me stop here and transfer to Stéphane.
Tal Zaks: So, let me start with the Phase 3. I’ll let Stéphane talk about the Vertex collaboration. The Phase 3, as we had previously articulated, I don’t think anything has changed. The trial should follow participants for at least a couple of years. It’ll probably take around 18 months to enroll. And then, you wrap up the data. So, that sort of gives you a sense of the overall duration. We’re on track to start next year. I think, what should be obvious to everybody is, once we have the Phase 2 data, it’s going to require some regulatory interactions and the Phase 2 meeting and so forth. We had gotten feedback in the past from FDA about the primary endpoints, which I think reassured us that it was feasible because we’re looking to prevent primary infection and women of childbearing age not directly looking at outcomes in babies, at least not as part of the Phase 3 program. That being said, obviously, it will require much more detailed discussions with them on the Phase 3 design and the dose and alignment with them prior to start of the Phase 3. So, I hope that that gives you some additional color. I can tell you my sense on Vertex. As a scientist, I’m super excited by the potential for mRNA to -- not be limited by any particular mutation, just from the fundamental science of it. But, I’ll let Stéphane speak to the overall status of the collaboration.
Tal Zaks: So, this is Tal. Let me maybe take a stab at that. I think, the answer is absolutely, yes. And I think, it’s evidenced by the progress that we continue to show for the rest of our pipeline. We’ve expanded the development team quite significantly to go after the COVID-19 vaccine, so that, I think we’ve got very capable teams that are pushing everything else. The fact that we continue to enroll in oncology, it’s seen a little bit of a slowdown, similar to others. And it really depends on the individual center’s data, so who’s enabled and when to treat patient. I think, on the rare disease, not only is our eye on the ball, I think, we’ve -- as we have alluded to in the past, we’re actually using the time to kind of step back and engage deeper with both, investigators and patients and advocates to make sure that when we do restart those programs, because the kids can finally come back in, those programs are better optimized, so that they can -- we can perform better in terms of recruitment and analysis of data on the study. So, we’re continuing to execute across all the fronts. And I think, you’ll see as hopefully the pandemic recedes or as centers figure out how to, despite PPE and social distancing, to continue or restart clinical activities, then, we should come back on line across the board.
Tal Zaks: Thanks, George. It’s Tal. Yes, it is interesting. I think, it kind of speaks to basic immunology, which is, if your immune system thinks it clear an infection easy, it doesn’t try too hard. If you come back later and basically show that no, the infection isn’t gone, then it tries harder. And that usually manifests with affinity maturation improvements in the antibody qualities as well as the absolute titers. So, I suspect what you’re seeing is a subtle manifestation of that. Now, the question is though, what happens after just the prime? Yes, you don’t have neutralizing antibodies, but clearly the immune system now reacts differently, once it sees the antigen because you get the boost. And so, it’s an interesting question. Well, what happens if the boost happens not with the vaccine, but with the natural infection? I would suspect, based on sort of first principles that you should see some benefit, you probably -- not the full benefit, you would see if you get infected after the boost, but just by nature of the boosting, you would expect that an infection would also boost in the sense of the immune response would react quicker, more vigorously. And maybe you won’t prevent infection and maybe you won’t even prevent disease. But hopefully, you would prevent a more severe manifestation of disease. Because disease, at least as we understand it in the first phase here is a balance between your immune response and clearing the infection. So, it’ll be very interesting, I think, both for us and for other platforms that use a prime boost to do the secondary analysis of understanding whether we’ve seen any cases in that first month or six weeks and what the distribution of cases are between placebo, and you’re treated. The last piece I’d say that I think also gives me some hope here is the non-human primate where a single dose in the non-human primate can -- or at least the mouse models. The experience with the non-human primate is ongoing. But, in the in the mouse models, we clearly see that even though you don’t see -- you don’t measure the neutralizing antibodies just yet, you are already able to limit viral or abrogate viral replication in the lungs. And so, I think that gives you a sort of immunological readout on the phenomenon describing.
Tal Zaks: Yes. I do not -- I would make two points on that. First, I don’t think any of us yet understand durability. What is emerging is that if you have mild infection, you’re more likely to have lower levels of antibodies and they’re more likely to wane. That kind of goes with the quality of the immune responses, as I described previously. It’s also -- I mean, let’s not mistake the ability to measure antibodies over time as the Sine qua non of having a memory in an immune response, right? Otherwise, by the time you were my age, you’d be walking around with your blood thick and clotting with antibodies against every infection you’ve ever seen. And yes, I am immune to many things that you are not going to necessarily see high levels of neutralizing antibodies in my blood. It’s more about the memory B cells in the persistence. So, I think that initial level of neutralizing antibodies are what gives us the confidence that we’ve got the right quality of the response and the magnitude is at higher -- higher than what you can see with disease with real infection and convalescent plasma. Now, all that being said, I think it’s obviously reassuring to see the quality of a response by maintaining high neutralizing antibodies. I think, if you look at what the platform is able to induce, it’s pretty evident from the CMV data described earlier this morning that certainly in that instance, with a third boost at six months, look out to a year and you see levels that are still higher than what you had targeted. I think, as it all boils down to the utilization in the context of a pandemic here, if what we have is 12 months of durability, I think that’s a great starting point for us to start protecting the population. And we’ll worry about what happens in year two, three and four when we get to 2022, 2023 on the other side of this pandemic. Over.
Tal Zaks: So, this is Tal. That is correct. Although I have to go back because we did disclose some T cells for CMV. I don’t recall, either they were CD8 or just CD4, frankly, off the top of my head. Yes. 
