Arpa Garay: So I can take the pricing question. So first I'm not in a position to comment on competitor pricing, but as we think about our pricing as we evolve from a pandemic setting to an endemic setting, the real focus for us is on ensuring that our vaccines are priced based on the value that they provide to the healthcare system and reflect the cost effectiveness guidelines that are set by public health authorities around the world. So for here in the U.S. that would be ACIP. I think it's important to note that some of the pricing guidance that has been released in the past is really at a growth level and we do anticipate some discounting across different channels. Additionally here in the United States as we evolve into the commercial setting, it's also important to remember that for all ACIP recommended vaccines there is a zero out of pocket cost for consumers. So from a consumer access perspective, we do expect that the pricing will not be a barrier to uptake.
Arpa Garay: And then I can take the pricing question. Your question was primarily around ex-U.S. pricing and our expectations. A couple of factors are coming into play here. The first is the timing of where and how quickly ex-U.S. markets are going to be shifting from more of a central procurement pandemic setting to an endemic setting. So we are looking at how different regions and countries are going to be shifting back towards a more endemic or a commercial approach. When we get to that position, we will be again pricing the vaccine according to the value that it provides in different healthcare systems around the world. And again following established systems around cost effectiveness guidelines based on the country regulations and the public health authority guidance. The overall global average price we do anticipate will be largely driven by the regional mix. So it is hard to predict what that price will end up being, but we'll continue to share more as we see evolving demand as well as evolving pricing.
Arpa Garay: Thank you for the question. So the $4.5 billion to $5.5 billion is the floor sales that we anticipate in 2023 as we already have signed APAs as well as deferrals from 2022 into 2023. This number does not include options from the U.S. government and we do anticipate additional sales coming from key markets such as the US, EU, Japan, Australia as well as regional sales in Latin America, Asia-Pacific, Middle East and COVAX. So again to answer your question specifically, this is what we anticipate to be the floor, but still unknown in terms of the total opportunity as we evolve particularly in the U.S. market into a commercial setting.
Arpa Garay: Sure. So the first question around vaccine uptake we are seeing some variability around the world in terms of vaccination rates with the best data thus far really coming from the U.S. market. As we look at 2022 vaccination uptake versus 2021 specifically for COVID boosters, we're actually tracking a similar pattern. And it's a little bit early to see what November, December, and the rest of the fall and winter season will look like. But the early rates in absolute terms, are fairly low. They are tracking the trends that we expected compared to last year. Around the world, we are seeing some markets with very high uptake of vaccination rates really driven by public health authorities. And in other markets we're still looking at sort of the dynamics that have played out this year with populations have recently gotten their fourth booster in the summertime and regulatory bodies recommending that they wait a few months before they get their fifth booster. So I think more to come as we continue to track around the world. But the early signs of uptake are encouraging. Your last question on China, we continue to look at the opportunities in China. Nothing new to report here as of now, but it is certainly a key market of interest for us commercially.
Arpa Garay: So to the first question on if we are investing in a vaccination rates, as I shared earlier today, the medical need continues to be clear for COVID booster vaccination, especially as we compare it to the hospitalizations and deaths compared to flu. So what we're really doing is partnering with governments and public health agencies to share the data that we have in terms of the ongoing medical need at a country level, as well as the value of COVID booster vaccination in their populations. And it's this partnership with the public health authorities that's really driving increased urgency and action around vaccinations. So that's our approach as we believe public health authorities are in the best position to encourage a vaccination for their populations.
Arpa Garay: Sure. Thank you for that question. As I outlined in terms of the volume expectations for next year outside of the signed APAs, we are looking at a number of variables that could impact the total volume. So in the long term, we do believe we should approach a 500 to 600 million volume comparable to the flu volumes that exist today. In 2023, there will be a range depending on the viral evolution, the ongoing medical need across different regions where we see public health authorities coming out with recommendations as well as just a broader consumer appetite to vaccinate. So the reason for the sensitivity on the volume that I shared earlier is we still have a number of variables as we're continuing to transition into an endemic stage. And so in the short term we don't have a clear picture of that total volume and what that could look like, but we do believe from a medical perspective, over time, we should be approaching at least the same volumes as the flu market.
Stéphane Bancel: Great. Thanks Matthew for the question. So as you said it's a Phase 2 study, but it's actually a quite sizable one. Its 150 patients and they were randomized two-to-one, so 100 patients have received the combination therapy in 50. The standard of care, which in this case is KEYTRUDA, that's actually quite a sizeable sample and does allow for us to look at efficacy. Now it is a Phase 2 study and so we didn't pre-specify a statistical threshold that we'd want to hit, but we are looking at hazard ratios across that and we will get p-values. I won't comment on a specific p-value or hazard ratio at this time. It's a premature to do so, but obviously we are looking against standard of care and demonstrate a significant benefit over that standard of care. It's just important to note that the study wasn't powered for that at 150 participants. And so we will be looking to that hazard ratio and the p-value as indicative. And then depending upon the strength of that result, if it is in fact, as you said a p-value less than 0.05 and there's a very strong result we will then make our subsequent decisions about how to proceed forward with development. Obviously, the stronger the benefit in terms of hazard ratio and the lower the p-value, the more we'll want to move very quickly towards advancing that program.
Stéphane Bancel: Thanks Ed for the question. And so I think the short version is absolutely. In any of our modalities whether they're cancer vaccines or our infectious disease vaccines or now our orphan disease where we believe we've achieved a technological proof of concept. Where we've achieved what we wanted to in patients, we look to rapidly expand the number of diseases and implications that we can bring forward that technology in. And in the case of orphan rare diseases as we shared, we are extremely encouraged by the data across two different diseases using two different medicines that now suggest we have obviously acceptable safety and tolerability profile, which is of primary importance. But more importantly for efficacy we're starting to see really encouraging results in terms of biomarkers or even from the dynamic readout, a potential of benefit for patients. And so given the strength of those two pre prior results, we've actually moved quickly to expand our pipeline. We have a number of other programs that are already publicly disclosed and moving forward in clinical trials. Some including MMA are already in clinical studies. And as I mentioned at our R&D day we're looking to substantially expand that pipeline of programs. And so we announced the OTC program as one instance of that just a month ago but you can expect that we'll be adding substantially to that. Our goal will be to more than double that pipeline in the years ahead as we expand our investments in rare diseases on the back of that de-risk clinical data.
Stéphane Bancel: Good. Thank you for the question, Michael. So first on RSV, obviously we're incredibly encouraged by the results that are been seen by other vaccines. Given our platform has previously demonstrated its potential in COVID specifically in respiratory vaccines, we think it bodes well for us in terms of that study. There's a bar that's been established in terms of severe disease as you referenced in the 80% range. We are looking at three-symptom or "severe disease". It's hard to compare between the studies. They're not conducted the exact same time and they don't always have exactly the same definition as you know. But we would absolutely hope and expect that the type of efficacy we're going to see against severe disease will be on par with, and I would even hope for better than what's been seen by others. It's certainly been the case with our platform technology compared to others in terms of COVID that we've been able to see those sorts of potential benefits. I'll also note that we looked at titers and we previously shared our titers as well as other companies have from their early clinical Phase 1 and Phase 2 results and we believe that the boosting of anti – neutralizing RSV titers against both RSV-A and RSV-B that we were achieving was on par. You could – you should – you could always argue perhaps better or worse but on par with what others had seen. So we're quite encouraged by that. And I think we're looking forward to the RSV efficacy results over this coming winter. Our bar for this is to be good or better than others have been. In terms of PCV our – in terms of PCV, Merck has opted in as you said, and I know Matthew asked the question as well. So it is an open label study as we previously disclosed and so we have been following events through that study. Those that have received the cancer vaccine in combination of KEYTRUDA versus those that have not. And as we've now passed the one-year mark for follow-up of the last patient to be randomized in that study, we now have at least a year of follow-up and then [indiscernible] many cases, two-plus years of follow-up across those two different cohorts. Those that receive combo and those receive standard care KEYTRUDA. That data was known to us and Merck, but it's important to note that's an ongoing un-cleaned and not primary analysis. And so while it is open label the correct thing to do at this point now is begin the closing process, get all of the scans, review all of the data associated with the clinical outcomes, make sure nothing was missed and in that cleaning process then finalize that database and conduct the primary analysis for the study, which is to evaluate the hazard ratio and statistical significance to that hazard ratio between the two arms. That's actually the process we're undergoing right now. And it's important that before we make a decision on whether that data is positive or negative and the strength of that positivity – how quickly we move forward per Matthew's question into whatever the next major development are that we conduct all of the right diligence on those data sets and that's the work that's ongoing right now. So while Merck made their opt-in decision, which was really more calendar and contract driven based on obviously having access to that open label information, the really important analysis – the primary analysis, the one on which we will base our decisions of what to do next as will regulators and others is the one that we're trying to conduct right now and is not yet completed, but we do expect that result in this quarter.
Stéphane Bancel: Gena, thanks for that question. So again, it was not a continuous data set. It was an open label study and so per our agreement with Merck they had the right to know what we know about the program at that point in which they were had to make their decision about whether to opt-in or not. And so of course what we did is we provided them the access to the data of the study at that point in time and as you all have noted they elected to opt-in to that program and we are encouraged by that decision on their part. They obviously do have a tremendous amount of experience and so in terms of the control arm you obviously have the Keynote-054 study, which is their prior registrational studies, they have experience of what to expect in a control arm. And I think you can infer whatever you'd like from their decision to just say that they believe it's worth opting into that program and proceeding to the primary analysis that we're conducting right now. We will obviously be able to compare the control arm, the 50 patients who just received KEYTRUDA as standard of care against the registrational studies that others have, and actually the many years of patient experience that companies like Merck and others have, just to be confident that in fact if we are seeing a difference between and we are seeing a hazard ratio difference, that it's not a difference in terms of that control arm, which will board well because again patients were randomized in this study. Now in terms of the data we'll haven't share, at this point all we'd expect to share this quarter once we've completed the analysis. The primary analysis on efficacy and the study is just the top line data in terms of PCV, which as I mentioned previously is looking at the hazard ratio and then a characterization statistically of that. In subsequent and appropriate for including meetings and otherwise we will look to then share the older data set over time.
Stéphane Bancel: Thanks, Arpa. And on the balance sheet side, I mean, our biggest strategy as Jamey noted in his remarks, isn't changed. As you know we are looking, and have already signed deals in terms of technology licenses and also looking at M&A. As we've said before, we stay focused on nucleic acid. We don't really think it's a good strategic use of our capital to buy small molecule asset or large molecule or cell therapy, or else we really want to stay nucleic acid. The BT team is very active as Jamey knows, and this team knows they are doing a lot of work where we're doing a lot of things. As I've said in the past, we will remain disciplined in term of understanding the risk either on the technology side, or on the biology side, understanding value. We're here to create value not to manage press release. But the team is very active. We are looking at diligence on a regular basis. But not everything that we look at comes out to be something we think we can create a lot of value with. But we will continue to look and I would not be surprised if we continue to add partnerships in the monsoon quarter to come.
Stéphane Bancel: Great. Well, thank you for the question. So, first we have previously demonstrated with our platform in COVID and in fact in some recent publications, even in flu that we're we generally see a really broad based and balanced immune response. So we tend to see very high T-cell and cell mediated immunity. And I would argue some of the highest if not the always the highest antibody neutralizing titers. And both of those are really important as you start talking about older adults and respiratory infections, which is probably why we tended to see higher efficacy with the mRNA platform than other approaches in that high risk population, including in COVID, over the last couple of years. And so those features of the platform, the ability to generate really strong cell mediated immunity, boost T cells, which are important for preventing severe disease, but also pair that with achieving very high titers for a seasonal protection where again, you get high neutralizing titers, which provide a barrier to the amount of infection that you're going to get, which is really, really important for older adults because their cell-mediated responses, their innate immune system just isn't as strong, even with a great vaccine. And it’s that combination that we think defines our advantage from a platform perspective and why we're so excited about developing a portfolio of respiratory vaccines across all the leading killers in that space for older adults. And RSV just fits right into that. As we all know right now, there is a huge unmet need in that space. We are very pleased to have enrolled, fully enrolled that Phase 3 study. And we were actually quite pleased with the titers and cell-mediated immunity that we saw in early development, some of which we've presented publicly. So we're looking forward to that FC readout. In terms of other approaches, let's also just celebrate that recombinant protein, and viral vector and adjuvanted approaches, have all shown really exciting progress in the last year, year and a half across a range of companies. RSV is a huge unmet need. It will take many different approaches to have an impact there. And if anything, I think, the success of others gives us optimism that our approach is going to also be successful, but there are likely going to be many different solutions to this for older populations. We do believe that our platform had an advantage. But given the success of the other vaccines and really, I think, quite encouraging efficacy results, it's important to note that there are many good successful options out there. And it may not always be possible to differentiate between them, but we hope to be in that first class.
Stéphane Bancel: So maybe I'll take the first one quickly. So yes, those are locked in advanced purchase agreements for 2023, and so they are just shifting to the right from 2022.
Stéphane Bancel: Well, thank you everybody for joining the call today and for your thoughtful questions. We look forward to speaking to many hours to come, days to come. And also we’re welcoming you next week or our first ESG Day. Have a great day. Bye.
