Stéphane Bancel: Thank you, Lavina, and good morning, everyone. As you know, we believe mRNA has a potential to be a new class of medicines with the opportunity to address many unmet medical needs. Given the unknowns of working with a new technology, we have been laser focused on managing risk, technology risk, priority risk, execution risk and financing risks. 2019 was an important inflection year for Moderna. We reported clinically validating data from key programs in two of our modalities, prophylactic vaccines on the left and systemic secreted & cell surface therapeutics on the right. Data that we believe fundamentally change the risk profile of each of these two modalities that we now call core modalities. As a result, our strategy is to double down in these two core modalities with many imported medicines. We have already announced five new development candidates in this core modalities since January 13 at the JPMorgan Conference, three new development candidates in infectious disease prophylactic vaccines and two in the systemic secreted & cell surface therapeutic modalities. Why we double down in core modalities? We are still more than ever interested in understanding the potential of our mRNA technology in our exploratory modalities: cancer vaccines, intratumoral immuno-oncology, localized regenerative therapeutics and systemic intracellular therapeutics. So when we think about this, we have two distinct businesses. This is a significant point in our strategy. Core modalities we want to scale and invest exploratory modalities where we’re waiting for clinical data to decide on the path forward. So stepping back, I would actually share with you the progression of the company toward a new class of medicines. In the early days of Moderna's history, our goal was to enter the clinic safely. We spent years investing and developing mRNA science, formulation delivery and manufacturing. The company pivoted out of that growth phase when we enter the clinic, we will extend influenza vaccine in December 2015. In the clinic, our next goal was to learn how well our technology was working or not. We explored our technologies across six different modalities. We tested 16 different molecule in the clinic in a short 4-year period. In 2019, we generated important data in two of these six modalities and identified [indiscernible] two core modalities: infectious disease prophylactic vaccines and systemic secreted & cell surface therapeutics. We're entering a new phase of the company's development. Our goal for this next phase of our history is to sign multiple BLAs, while continuing to explore on the clinical programs in the four exploratory modalities. We are [indiscernible] to invest aggressively in our science, including investing in new modalities such as our ongoing collaboration with Vertex. We are fortunate to be able to close the financing earlier this year, so we can maximize our potential to create value and manage risk. Once we file multiple BLAs, our goal will be to scale the company and commercialize a large portfolio of mRNA medicines. Now Tal will take you through prophylactic vaccine programs.
Stéphane Bancel: It's Stéphane. I will talk about first of all on corona, only focus as a team is public health. People are sick all over the planet. People are dying. But it's our only focus is to get a vaccine as fast as we can, safely, partnering with the right people to get it done.
Stéphane Bancel: So, Corey, good morning. It's Stéphane. So I will take the first one on manufacturing capacity. I think the [indiscernible] is just too early to know precisely. First, we don’t have those, then fill finish, there's Norwood CMO capacity actually new sites. So just way too early to comment on that. But we’re working out to get as much as we can.
Stéphane Bancel: Yes. And -- Stéphane, I will take the second one on CMV, what we take to get to $5 billion number. I think a few things. The first one is, as we explained, the R&D Day in September, it will take -- get an indication approval in women in childbearing age, which, as you know, is a first one. Then to getting to an adolescent approval like the HPV GARDASIL. And third is to getting to pediatric. As we shared, humans are [indiscernible] for CMV. We believe it is a very important public health opportunity here to vaccinate newborns in the pediatric setting. That has been done, as you know, successfully, with Rubella to eradicate the virus and to make sure that humans don't get infected by this virus, which has a lot of long-term negative impact on health at a population as well as for individuals and their own immune system and their own health. Another dimension, of course, is competitive landscape. We will be the only one on market for next 10 years or we’re going to be with one competitor, or two competitor or five competitors. I can come back on that if you adjust it moving further. And then it's the population growth. There is a lot of emerging markets that's not only growing in size with our population growth, but also in terms of dollar invested in [indiscernible], if you take about 5-year, 10-year, 15-year timeframe. And that’s what impact the model that we’ve for getting to around $5 billion annual peak sales.
Stéphane Bancel: So -- good morning, Yasmeen. It's Stéphane. On the manufacturing process and why mRNA is such a powerful molecule. I think a few things. I mean the first thing is, it's a liquid based process to make mRNA, which is cell free. So that drives to a very small reactors compared to other technologies, especially compared to recombinant is the most staggering changes to forgiven up just the size of our reactors, which of course has a big impact on your CapEx, including all your purification technologies because you just have less details [indiscernible]. So everything is much, much cheaper across the board. As we talked in the past, because mRNA is a new formation molecule. It is the same process for Zika or for [indiscernible] CMV or for coronavirus. So drives incredible flexibility and incredible time to the clinic because we do not have to invent the process for every vaccine or every molecule as the team has shown in the last two weeks with coronavirus. If we’ve had like traditional technologies to invest a new process just for corona, we still be working at it as we speak. And we most probably not even have started to make the product. In that case we are able to just do a tiny bit of optimization for a very large molecule that this mRNA is. And then go right into production. Thanks to this aspect of a platform that we have. And definitely it is time which is -- the separate time to make mRNA is days, not weeks. And so when you think about that, we can use an asset, I mean, once you make with [indiscernible] you can basically change with this possible equipment and use the same room or the same team to make another product. And so if you can deliver in a few days, make mRNA versus a few weeks to make component before you’re going to go into fill finish. That’s a massive use of your capital infrastructure in terms of just CapEx turnover.
Stéphane Bancel: Good. Thanks for those three questions. So let me take the first one on exploratory and core. So, yes, if you go back to the strategy, we started with six modalities in the clinic to say we cannot manage the unknown, unknown. And so because of the exciting opportunity to create a new class of medicine, we are very focused on managing the unknown technology risk. And so we tried those six technology in parallel. So we could learn from a clinic where to invest more, because mRNA is a new formation molecule making it to platform. And wherever you wanted to fix, if you learn something about the science, fix that science if you can or decide that you’re stop investing in that opportunity, you want to deploy your capital wisely, where you know the technology is working. So that was kind of a premise as we started. And so what is happening with this pivot in the company history that now we’ve clinical data we gathered for prophylactic vaccine and systemic therapeutics. We believe those are core, i.e., in our opinion, we believe the technology risk is off the table, meaning we want to deploy our capital to make innovative medicine that goes to the clinic, because its exactly the same technology, same manufacturing process than the ones we already have the positive clinical data. On the exploratory front, yes, we want to be very cautious and that has been the case for years. We say doing only one program per exploratory modality seems too risky for us, because you have variety risk and there's also variety risk. But we always say that few two, three programs kind of makes sense for us. As such you see so the reason to invest more shareholder capital on more infrastructure, more -- for example -- an example one over four exploratory right now. The answer is clearly no. we want to see what we get from [indiscernible] IL-12 and the triplet. But like we’ve done with those two modalities, that’s migrated from exploratory to core in the last few months, if we get signal the team has a lot of ideas of what other things we could do. And, of course, then those program where we get positive note, we will take those as fast as we can to BLA because those medicine will be needed for patients. Stephen, you want to talk about RSV.
Stéphane Bancel: Thanks, Stephen. And on the -- last question on manufacturing capacity. So let me try to [indiscernible] pre-coronavirus world, which we talked about in previous calls, in previous discussion, which is our manufacturing long-term plan is to use Norwood to make development material like we are doing today and to launch our commercial product like CMV, Zika and the others out of Norwood, because of [indiscernible] Norwood design we’ve always said to manage financing risks, we do not want to invest in the big manufacturing capacity, commercial plant until we have, of course, BLA approved, clearly a risk management. But we’ve always said, our long-term vision is to have Norwood focus on development. So that we have a commercial site and hopefully down the road as we scale the company several around the planet that are just focused on commercial products. We believe, based on our experience in previous pharmaceutical companies, that there is dedicated focus per site is really important for success. Development requires nimbleness. Commercial requires scale and efficiencies, very different worlds. So that’s kind of a pre-coronavirus world, our previous plans. And the post coronavirus, while in the last few weeks I go back to buy [indiscernible] a few minutes ago, which is we are looking at the law options, both internally and externally, CMO partners to figure out what's the right path forward and when we have a better picture, we will share it.
Stéphane Bancel: Well, thank you for your question, especially thank you for your trust into our ability to make mRNA an important new class of medicines. We hope to see many of you next week in Norwood for what I believe will be an exciting manufacturing and Digital Day. Thank you.
Tal Zaks: Thank you, Stéphane, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with a quick reminder on the data generated to date with our vaccines. In over 1,000 healthy volunteers and 6 positive Phase 1 datasets to date, we've observed the safety profile consistent with the safety of marketed vaccines and the ability to elicit an immune response in the form of neutralizing antibodies. Updates for the ongoing programs are shown on this slide. The CMV Phase 2 dose confirmation study is enrolling well. We completed the second dose cohort and are close to completing the third one. We now expect data readouts to come in the third quarter of this year. Our hMPV/PIV3 combination respiratory vaccine has started the age de-escalation study and Merck is on track with their RSV program in adults. Zika is also going well as 3 of the 4 dose cohorts have completed enrollment. Our three new development candidates announced recently are vaccines against pediatric RSV, mRNA-1345, Epstein-Barr virus or EBV, mRNA-1189 and our vaccine against the novel 2019 coronavirus mRNA-1273. Stephan, will take you through each of these candidates in a minute. CMV is an unmet need as there aren't any approved vaccines and the burden of disease from CMV infection is significant. Of the 25,000 newborns in the U.S. affected each year, 20% will have permanent neurodevelopmental disabilities. And the spectrum of sequelae range from hearing loss, vision loss, microcephaly and even mortality in 10% to 30% of the severely affected infants. We believe our gB and pentamer vaccine has the potential to prevent the infection and help thousands of newborns avoid these sequelae. On Slide 16, I'll review the most recent data from our CMV program. In January of this year, we show the 7-month interim data. The safety has been generally well tolerated and we've not seen any related serious adverse events. Immunogenicity data continues to confirm earlier interim data from the trial and continues to exceed our expectations. Specifically, we continue to see higher neutralizing antibody titers in seronegatives and seropositives in both epithelium and fibroblast assays. If you look at those who have never had CMV, the seronegative group after the third vaccination, they had neutralizing titers against epithelial cells that were more than tenfold higher than the levels seen in seropositives at baseline. We also saw a nice increase in titers against the fibroblasts. Even in seropositives, people who have been infected, our vaccine is able to boost them 20 to 40 fold higher above baseline level after the third vaccination. And we see early evidence of durability out to 12 months. These data are what's behind our optimism and belief that we can take this vaccine all the way through to prevent infections in newborns. As mentioned earlier, our Phase 2 dose confirmation study is enrolling well and is currently enrolling the last dose cohort. We now expect data from the first interim analysis in the third quarter of this year. Preparation for the Phase 3 trial that we anticipate will include less than 8,000 participants, including women of childbearing age, are underway. An early estimate of the cost of this trial is in the range of $200 to $250 million. Now as an opportunity for us, CMV is clearly a blockbuster opportunity. We estimate annual peak sales for a CMV vaccine to be in the range of $2 billion to $5 billion in line with the estimates of others in the field. Assuming an average selling price like GARDASIL, a relevant comparator here, we estimate gross margins of about 90% and EBIT margins of approximately 50%. We're excited about the progress towards this opportunity, supported by the fact that just one of the antigens in our vaccine, the gB when encoded for in a traditional recombinant technology in the past, have already shown a 50% efficacy, which was demonstrated by Sanofi several years ago. We believe that targeting both the pentamer and gB antigens as our CMV vaccine dose, will be additive to the vaccines efficacy. As a reminder, our CMV vaccine mRNA-1647 is wholly owned by us. Let me transition it to Stephan to talk about our new development candidates.
Tal Zaks: Thank you, Stephen. Let me just briefly review these modalities that we consider exploratory, but obviously make up a significant part of what we do in clinical research and give you a sense where we are in the prosecution of these programs. Starting with the cancer vaccines, our personalized cancer vaccine mRNA-4157 is in a randomized Phase 2 trial for the treatment of adjuvant melanoma. The combination of PCV with KEYTRUDA against KEYTRUDA alone and its recruiting well. KRAS, vaccine mRNA-5671 is an ongoing Phase 1 study and this one is led by Merck and it has a monotherapy as well as a combination with KEYTRUDA arm. Our intratumoral immuno-oncology therapeutics, we have three programs in this modality. All of them are in combination with PD-1 inhibitors. Dosing of patients is ongoing and I look forward to the future to being able to demonstrate whether the ability to influence the immune system in this matter will be helpful to these patients. On the regenerative therapeutics modality, AstraZeneca is conducting a Phase 2a in patients with our mRNA that encodes for vascular endothelial growth factor. And that's in patients that are undergoing CABG, coronary artery bypass grafting. That study continues to enroll. In the systemic intracellular therapeutics, we have two INDs open now in both MMA and PA methylmalonic acidemia and propionic acidemia. We are pleased to announce that the first patient in MMA has enrolled in this trial. They’re in the observation period right now. This trial is now open at seven institutions in the United States and we're continuing to look for additional patients to enroll, while we follow this first patient closely. With that, let me turn it over to Laurence to describe the rest of our pipeline where we go from here.
Tal Zaks: hanks, Mike. This is Tal. Let me take both of these questions. As it relates to coronavirus, our part here was to manufacture and ship it. I think the trial now will be run by the NIH and I defer to them to provide updates when they will. You asked about scale-up. I think we're looking at everything that it would take and how to actually get it done. But we'll update everybody once we have a clear picture of that. Obviously, this is a rapidly changing environment. On MMA enrollment, so right now, we've got one patient enrolled. We do not yet have the second and third, but we're actively working with sites to find them. The age barrier, I think, continues to be a difficult one. We only have to find the first three. So -- and then we can go down in age. So I am confident that we will eventually, but I continue to have a dialogue with the agency on trying to reduce that need, so that enrollment can be unhooked from that. And we can get into the age population where we believe the greatest unmet needed potential for benefit is. So I'll update everybody as soon as we have progress in that field.
Tal Zaks: Thanks, Ted. It's Tal. Let me take that. I think what does it take to get licensure is an evolving field. I mean, the pathway to licensure are well understood and they encompass everything from finding surrogates of protection to demonstrating efficacy. What is it going to take here? I don't think anybody knows. I think all options are currently open, but it's a rapidly evolving field. And you can imagine that there actually isn't not yet a surrogate of protection because this is a very new virus and now people are still working to develop those assays and models. I would give NIH a lot of credit for being at the forefront of that effort and work closely collaborating with them on these efforts. As it relates to the vaccination paradigm for CMV, I think the starting point here is clearly going to be in women of childbearing age. That's where you would anticipate the greatest benefit. And I think the next phase is going to be -- to get into a [indiscernible] population of adolescents, because obviously you want to start protection as early as possible, given that's what the disease we're trying to prevent here is ultimately going to be infants born to women. So we're going to try and get down to that age group as we develop this vaccine.
Tal Zaks: Let me answer -- if I understood correctly your question on the Chikungunya monoclonal antibody, these data are emerging. We're giving you an execution update on to in terms of where we are, once I have a full sense of the data set there, I will, of course, update everybody.
Tal Zaks: Thanks, Alec. It's Tal. Look, on the personalized cancer vaccine, it's a Phase 1. So, data continues to come in once we have a full cogent dataset there, we will be disclosing it. And the question of why we don't consider this a core? I think for us core is one that we have gotten the requisite pharmacology to believe it will translate into a clinical benefit. And I think that's true both for the vaccines clearly, and it's also true for the secreted and the surface protein expression, because that you can give the monoclonal antibody actually reached what would otherwise be therapeutic levels of a protein. So that's why it's core. I think in oncology, until you actually show that you’re -- the pharmacology that you're describing in this case immunology, in T cell immunology, until you actually demonstrate that, that translates into a clinical benefit for patients. It's hard for me to call it core.
Tal Zaks: Hi, Corey, it's Tal. Let me answer your question on CMV Phase 2. So I think in a nutshell, the goal here is, as you say, to replicate what we saw in the Phase 1, but I'd like to be able to do that, of course, in the larger data set so that our confidence in picking the right dose for Phase 3 is there. And that has to do both with replicating the nice immunogenicity that we've seen, but being able to kind of plan a clear flag on what we expect in terms of the safety and tolerability profile that would enable us to go into Phase 3 trial.
Tal Zaks: Hi, Hartaj. This is Tal. Let me start by answering the first question. So, look, the timeline for CMV roughly speaking, once we get in, we anticipate fairly aggressively to be able to complete enrollment within 18 months. I anticipate the duration of the trial to be 2 years. Now, that still needs, of course, vetting with regulatory authorities. So I want to make sure I caveat that appropriately. Once that we have 2 years on everybody on study, then it's a matter of analyzing, looking at the results and filing and that's where I think the timelines are pretty well understood for what's achievable in our industry. So you can do the math from there.
Tal Zaks: Hi, Yasmeen. It's Tal. Let me take your first question. It's a great question and one that obviously keeps me up at night. I think the literature is out there in terms of incidence rates and infections. But it's also clear from that literature that there a high level of variability. And it's not just on a continental level, U.S. versus Europe, that is actually local geography, socio economic status, a lot of things that play into that. So how are we thinking about it in terms of designing the trial, which is obviously, I think where your question is going to, I think the goal here is to design both a large trial and a broad enough trial in terms of size and population, so that on average we are able to hit the incidence rate that people have described. And I'm pretty confident in the ballpark of where we are powering this study to be able to reach it. And finally, I would note that in the trial of this type, you have the ability to actually on an ongoing basis, monitor the incidence in real time. So that the only risk you're really taking if you're missing it is you follow subjects for longer and you catch up the cases. So it will -- ultimately the trial size will come down to the number of cases. And that's one that you can monitor in almost real time.
