Arpa Garay: In terms of the additional sales of $2 billion to $4 billion, as you mentioned, the key factor of landing within that $6 billion to $8 billion is really around how many Americans this fall come in to get their shot. So vaccination rate is the biggest swing factor within that range. We are confident in our market share and the progress that we've been making with commercial contracts thus far in the US. Additionally, outside of the US, to your question on additional contracts potentially being deferred, we have met with all of the different countries where we have advanced purchase agreements and have already confirmed deliveries for the second half of this year, other than the $1 billion, which was pushed into 2024. So we're confident in staying at that $2 billion range. 
Arpa Garay: In terms of how we're thinking about 2024, I would look at the first half of 2023, where we have recently reported $2.1 billion of sales, a portion of that volume is volume that we do not anticipate as a recurring sale in the outer years, given most countries are going towards fall vaccination campaigns with annual shots. For the remainder of the $4 billion to $6 billion, we do believe that vaccine demand will remain and, over time, eventually increase as we think about the flu volumes that we believe the COVID vaccination rates will start trending to. So as I mentioned earlier, for example, in the United States, there are about 150 million flu vaccines given every fall. What we've modeled for 2023 is a range of 50 million to 100 million. And we think over time, given the high disease burden and also as we think about future combinations, we will start trending closer to about 150 million. 
Arpa Garay: I'll take the first question around US contracts first. In our contracting progress, we do have minimum volume commitments across many of our commercial contracts, but most of our contracts, we're looking at minimum commitments. And depending on vaccination uptake that we will be monitoring closely with our customers, that volume could go up over time.  In terms of the recent RSV ACIP meeting, we think the ACIP recommendation for a shared clinical decision-making will mean a more gradual uptake for the first two vaccines that have been approved.  Though as there is more data from both our clinical program as well as GSK and Pfizer's clinical programs, we do believe there is opportunity to potentially update that recommendation, which would, over time, lead to broader uptake of the RSV vaccine. 
Arpa Garay: I'm happy to take the first question and then will hand it over to Stephen on CMV. In terms of how we're thinking about the first half versus second half going forward, in the first half of the year, sales that we expect will come from the Southern Hemisphere, where it is their fall and winter season. Additionally, in some countries, in the higher-risk populations, there continue to be spring campaigns and boosters, particularly for immunocompromised, elderly and highest-risk patients. So we do anticipate some sales coming in for the high-risk spring boost for the Southern Hemisphere as well as any carryover from late winter of this year into January. The majority of our sales will continue to be expected in the second half of the year, though, as the majority of our sales will be anticipated from the Northern Hemisphere and the fall vaccine campaign. 
Arpa Garay: And I can take the question on RSV and flu, we are very excited to be launching RSV next year. So while we will be bringing the third product to market, we're very confident in what we believe is a best-in-class profile with our consistently high effectiveness across high-risk groups, thinking about our well-established safety profile in the only mRNA platform for RSV, and lastly, as I mentioned earlier, being the only product with a ready-to-use prefilled syringe. So we're feeling really good about the RSV launch preparations, and we're ready to execute in 2024. From a flu perspective, we do think one of the advantages of 1010, which would be our first-generation flu vaccine, is our speed to market could give us an opportunity for better strain matching in the future. And as we get enhanced profiles for flu, as Stephen mentioned earlier, from a commercial perspective, we see a tremendous amount of interest in our combination vaccines, both from patients as well as from healthcare systems. So having RSV and flu gives us an incredible opportunity for a combination for the future. 
Arpa Garay: I'll take the first question. From an ex-US perspective, we have signed a minimum commitment with Japan that has been announced. The minimum commitment that we signed with Japan is just to get product into the country as soon as August, and so we're ready to execute this fall. If their vaccine uptake expands, we do anticipate additional orders coming in from Japan. For the rest of the world, we have advanced purchase agreements that I have outlined already on – in that first column, as well as ongoing conversations with several other international markets, including those in the European Union.  In terms of 2024 changes, what we expect outside the US is we expect more and more markets to actually be transitioning from central government procured to more of an endemic commercial market, such as the transition that the US is going through today. So we do anticipate changes. Most of those changes will be around shifting where the procurement is happening as well as changes in pricing and reimbursement going forward. 
Arpa Garay: I'll start with the RSV question. In light of the ACIP shared decision-making recommendation as well as some of the data that was shared this year around revaccination, we do anticipate a slower vaccine uptake at the start.  In terms of our potential in that market, we do continue to be very confident that we have a best-in-class profile. And as we get additional data from our own vaccine program, we are hopeful that the ACIP recommendation will be brought in and could be – will enable a faster uptick in outer years. 
Stephen Hoge: First, on the 1010 flu program, as you referenced, we have two ongoing – we have actually three ongoing Phase 3 studies, but two that are continuing to accrue data. We'll be providing updates on the efficacy study, the P302 study you referenced. And as you know, on our Vaccines Day, we talked about an end-of-season update. And we'll also be sharing where we are in the pivotal P303 immunogenicity study. And as I said, we'll be doing that this quarter, and we're excited to continue to update on the progress in influenza.  As it relates to INT, now INT, not PCV, that program, we had a great opportunity to provide an update to you all and everyone at ASCO just a month ago. And we're going to be, of course, at our R&D Day reprising that. And also talking to some of the other progress happening in the INT program.  We are obviously working hard to get up and running in our non-small cell lung cancer, but we're really – pivotal studies, but we're really excited by the start of the first Phase 3 with melanoma study now, and we'll be providing further updates in a month in New York. 
Stephen Hoge: And on the question of CMV enrollment, yes, we're really excited by the recent acceleration toward completion of enrollment there. We're past 80%. We do hope to complete enrollment shortly. We've made good progress in the first half of this year, and so we haven't specifically set a target on that, but we would hope to enroll it for sure this year.  Then we will be accruing cases, and I think that's where it gets very interesting in tracking the CMV Phase 3 program. We've already started to accrue cases that we talked about in the Vaccines Day. And as we get to full enrollment, we will have more participants who can contribute cases to our first interim analysis of efficacy, which will be an event-driven analysis, and so not something we can predict the timing of. 
Stephen Hoge: And I'm aware of the argument that Sanofi made about a class effect. I'm not sure I see it the same way. I think we'll look to the data to answer that question rather than conjecture. We'll look forward to sharing where we are in the P303 Phase 3 study in the next quarter, and I'll leave it at that. 
Stephen Hoge: As you know, as I said, we have six combo vaccines. We've got lots of clinical data out there, and we continue to look at new combinations. And if we're in a situation that we expect to be in where we have a flu, RSV, and COVID approved as well as the second-generation COVID moving forward, you can rest assured we'll be looking at multiple different combinations of those, trying to bring forward options that provide the greatest public health flexibility.  Those studies, once we have the products approved, the monovalent vaccines, those studies are really just immune bridging studies, demonstrating that we can do the combination and achieve non-inferior immunogenicity and safety in those studies. They can be quite quick. And they also don't need to be run in the season, as you know. And so, our goal is going to be, as we've said throughout this year, is to complete the work to move towards approval, filing, and eventually, hopefully, approval of the three monovalent vaccines and quickly progressing into the pivotal Phase 3s for at least one and multiple combos. Our goal, again, is to be launching those in 2025 and beyond for the obvious reasons, they will improve compliance, deliver more value, and actually decrease the administration cost of healthcare.  So the path is actually pretty clear from here, particularly given the strength of the RSV data and where we are in COVID, and we hope to be providing an update very shortly on flu that also provides a clear path for 2024 in the monovalent launches we've guided. And then I think we'll clarify very quickly that we're starting the Phase 3s to allow the combo launches very shortly thereafter. 
Stephen Hoge: Correct. They're immunogenicity and safety studies. So very quick studies, just demonstrating – we do not believe nor is it the norm from a regulatory perspective that you have to do subsequent efficacy studies once you've established the efficacy of the monovalent vaccine. 
Stephen Hoge: First on INT, so obviously, we're moving forward in melanoma, as you know. And we're moving forward in non-small cell lung cancer. I think the opportunity there is – the unmet need there is obviously very significant. And as we know, that's one of the largest opportunity for immune therapies generally, and so it's an obvious place for us to go next.  As we've said before, we have not yet publicly guided with our partner, Merck, on what the other indications will be. But we have said that we are going to follow the path of all the places where PD-1 Keytruda have been successful, but where we think there is still headroom, still opportunity to significantly improve upon what's been achieved with the PD-1 antibodies. And so, you can follow through the adjuvant settings as well as perhaps some of the stage 4 settings, where there are those benefits and expect us to be moving there in short order.  Ourselves and Merck are in the process of finalizing some of those plans. And at the appropriate time, obviously, we'll guide you on the start of those studies. But rest assured, as we've said and as they said before, there is a quite large program of studies that will be ramping up here in very short order, and melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer are really just the first two.
Stephen Hoge: The flu question. So, yes, we're fully enrolled in P303, ahead of schedule on that, and we will provide data shortly on the P303 study this quarter, as we said.  As far as the B strains goes, we already updated earlier this year that actually in the P302 study, we achieved non-inferiority in the B strain, you'll remember. In the P301, we had missed that. And so, we were learning as we went, and we actually made a series of changes into the P303 study that we were confident and remain very confident will provide a benefit in the B strains that will improve immunogenicity there. So I remain quite optimistic that our understanding of science is really strong, we think, best-in-class and that where we will be and when we look at that P303 data [indiscernible] is in a very strong position as it relates to B strains and continue to be in a very strong position as it relates to the A strains. 
Stephen Hoge: The only thing I'd add to that in terms of the development side is we are obviously looking at multiple different versions of RSV combination vaccines, and one of the advantages there will obviously be increased convenience and compliance. And that's where if we can create healthcare system value, I think it will be – it will continue to evolve, the recommendation that people have around that.  As it relates to CMV, so we haven't set out a guidance on when we would expect the enrollment to complete. But we're actually confident, given the trajectory that we're already past 80%, that we will complete enrollment this year. I'm not saying this quarter, but this year. And as I said, what really matters is probably not whether we're at 80% or 99% or 100% enrollment. It's the accrual of cases and events will drive the first interim analysis from here forward.  Now, obviously, more patients – more participants enrolled will increase the number of – and pace of those events over time. And so, we are focused very much on that operationally, and we do hope to have that completed this year. 
