Tal Zaks: This is Tal. Let me take that question. Two spot-on things that we’re looking at. So first of all, 50 microgram is our current best guess. We – this is short of data and it’s based, as you’ve seen Tony Fauci’s remark, on what we expect the platform could deliver. That being said, the final dose selection will really be a factor of, I think, three elements. The first is the overall sense of a dose response of how much more do you get as you go up in dose. Because in the case of a pandemic, we obviously need to balance this with having enough doses available. And so you don’t want to unnecessarily overshoot. The second element is an understanding of what that dose could mean as you compare to convalescent serum. And so there’s a lot of work being done on assay validation, and I’ll get back to that in a minute, to understand what any given level of antibodies mean. And the last element that I think will enable us to connect the dots is understanding the performance of the vaccine in additional animal models of SARS-CoV-2 and then seeing, commensurate with the expected ability to protect those animals, what levels of titers do we get. And obviously, the higher the species the more reliable that data is. But ultimately, what we care about is being able to connect the dots for human disease. So it’s a – long story short, it’s a best guess estimate for now and based on the emerging data, and we will continue to refine it as more data comes in. Your question about the right kind of immune response. Look, I think the data we’ve seen to date, both across the clinical trials, across the experience that we have in the preclinical models, across the board, as I mentioned, in all the other clinical trials, we’ve routinely reported neutralizing antibodies as the measure of immunological success. And if you think about the kind of scientific-first principles of of scientific-first principles of how an mRNA technology presents an antigen from within the cell and mimics the instruction set that a virus would otherwise give the cell to make an antigen, we get the right kind of immune response, however we want to characterize it, neutralizing antibody in Th1 versus Th2, et cetera. The emerging data that we’re seeing preclinically with mRNA-1273 is all consistent with that. Your final question, on neutralizing antibodies, yes, those assays are being stood up as we speak. They’re being validated. They’re being transferred to commercial vendors. And the NIAID is actively looking at in parallel with the simpler types of binding antibodies we expect to be able to report, both kinds of data when we see the data from that Phase I.
Tal Zaks: This is Tal. Let me try and take your first question. I think you got cut off, but if I understood you correctly, you asked whether we’re running animal channel challenge models and whether we will be able to connect the dots between those and what we see in human vaccinees. And I think the answer is, yes. That work is ongoing. It’s been done in close collaboration with Barney Graham’s team at the VRC of the NIH. And the assay development work that is ongoing is being deployed, so that we are able to connect the dots between the challenge models, convalescent serum and the serum that we eventually expect to see from people who have been vaccinated. So I hope that answers that question, Salveen. Let me turn it over to Juan to talk about or Stephane to talk about the Lonza question.
Tal Zaks: Thanks, Ted, for the kind words. This is Tal. Let me try and take maybe both of those questions, and Stephane can add on. On CMV, I believe we remain on track, and it’s – you can do the simple math here. If we’ve already vaccinated over 70% of people with the second dose, and it’s that critical post second dose interim analysis, that should confirm our dose for Phase III. If you recall the data from the Phase I, with much smaller numbers of subjects, we had pretty tight error bars and a pretty good understanding of the dose response curve. Now with the much larger study, even if it ran into some sort of difficulty because of COVID-19, we’re going to be more than powered to understand the immunogenicity. And the size was really driven not just by the need to understand immunogenicity, but also to validate the safety profile that we see here. So I’m confident that with the numbers of people that we managed to get into the second dose, the amendment of the protocol, as mentioned for the remaining less than 30%, that we will stay on track, as we’ve discussed before, to have the data and be able to move on. And our plans for Phase III continue and remain fully on track for CMV. Your question on how it’s preparing the platform. I’ll give you sort of a brief answer from approach of maybe medical and development, and then I’ll let Stephane talk as it relates to the company becoming sort of moving to its commercial life phase. The COVID experience is doing really three things for us. It is accelerating our understanding of the safety and immunogenicity at a much wider level for the platform, sort of the leading edge of data, if you will. And I expect that the ability to run a large placebo-controlled trial and expand the safety database at a much more rapid manner than we had so far in Phase I will be informative for all of us as to the performance of this platform. And here, I sort of speak as a Chief Medical Officer with a keen eye on the safety profile of our platform. So far, we’ve seen nothing unexpected and it’s all been sort of consistent across the application. But of course, a database of 1,500 subjects will benefit greatly when we go into thousands with COVID. The second element has to do with expanding our capabilities, building up a development team that can integrate and build a BLA file, building up our competencies on the regulatory front, the pharmacovigilance front, et cetera. All of that ahead of a large Phase III effort on CMV, I think, is a tremendous benefit for us. And I’ll sort of – I’ll let Stephane speak to all the other elements where this is accelerating the progress of our company.
Tal Zaks: This is Tal. Let me start by answering the clinical ones, and then I’ll let Juan take the manufacturing question. The – in our Phase II, there is no upper limits. I think above 55. You’ve seen the NIH Phase I sort of parse it out a little bit more finely. I think, for us, we’re going to take all comers above 55 with no upper age limit. In terms of your question on cohorts at higher risk for disease should they get infected, this relates to both the elderly and people with distinct comorbidities. As we build the safety database, obviously, we need to get there, but get there responsibly. I think the Phase II, the initial sort of expansion into larger numbers is people that do not have a high-risk of disease should they get infected. In the Phase III, we will clearly then open it up, and we will do that in a manner that’s responsible and takes the appropriate interim looks to make sure that we expand into that population who needs it the most in a way that’s careful. And that’s an ongoing discussion, obviously, between us, NIAID and FDA how to best achieve that goal. Let me let Juan take your manufacturing question.
Tal Zaks: Yes. Yes. Yes. It’s a good question. I believe we should be able to have a sense of the cases and a potential early look by the end of the year. But again, that is a function of how soon can we start, how big the trial is and how good are we at immunizing people who are then at risk for cases occurring, because, as I mentioned, it will end up being a case-driven design to be able to analyze it. And we’ll share the details on the expectations once we lock down the design with our partners and vet it with the agency.
Tal Zaks: All right. Right, the multi-arm trial, yes. Yes, yes, yes. So there’s been a lot of talk about that, both on the WHO side as well as the NIH. As you can clearly intuit, it’s not front and center in my brain for two reasons. First is, we expect to be the first one out there for a pivotal trial, and so we just have to get on and demonstrate our trial – our vaccine’s potential. But the second one is more fundamental. I think it is important for the field to use more or less the case where it actually makes sense to run many vaccines in a single trial. It’s not like we’re lacking for volunteers who would line up to be immunized and understand the benefit of a vaccine. And frankly, the epidemic is so unpredictable in where it shows up, and to what degree and how it comes down, that there is no expectation of a consistency of attack rate over time that would make that add any scientific value. So for my – this is a personal opinion here. I question the merits of that design from a scientific and a public health need perspective. I think what’s critical here is that for every vaccine candidate, as Stephane alluded to, we’re going to need more than one of them. But it matters less whether there’s a few percent difference on the apparent estimate of the point efficacy, what matters is you know it works and you’re able to scale it up and make it available to those who need it the most.
Tal Zaks: Yes. Thanks, Stephane, and thanks, Hartaj, for the question. Look, we’re in active dialogue now with the regulators beyond the U.S. I think having the partnership with Lonza is a huge enabler to envision the ability to scale up and eventually supply the vaccine on a global footprint to those who need it the most. That will take shape over the coming weeks and months. The expectation I have is that we will do more than one trial to demonstrate the benefit. That being said, at a certain point, we’ll obviously have data, both potential benefit and ultimately for benefit. By and large, that data should be applicable for filing in other territories. And so we’re actively mapping it out, and our intent is absolutely to eventually be able to make this vaccine available to those who need it the most.
Stéphane Bancel: Thanks, Tal. I would just add a few things. And I think Tal started to allude to it, which is the power of our platform, which really create some very powerful network effects, where – if you take an example of something new we shared today, which is we had a positive Type C meeting last quarter around CMV for CMNC support manufacturing. As you can appreciate, this dialogue with the agency around CMV Phase III is going to be very instrumental in helping us on the Phase III for SARS CoV-2 mRNA-1273. Because of the urgency that the agency has, we’ve had an amazing dialogue with the FDA. The responsiveness, seven days a week, very engaged, very willing to find every way to shape a deal process without making any shortcut on safety, obviously. So for this BLA process, that we should be able to go through in the next months, both on the clinical side and also on the manufacturing side. This access to the agency, with this ability to ask question, to get clarification quickly will really help us really build that capability within the team, but also all the digital infrastructure in terms of data gathering, which is critical, both on clinical and on CMC. Then you’re going to be able to use that very quickly on Zika, on CMV. And I think that’s going to be very powerful. The network effect, I think are sometime underappreciated because most companies, as you know, do not have platforms, whereas here, because mRNA being information molecule, there’s really an ability to make Moderna very robust and to take it to the next level. So that’s what we do on SARS CoV-2 BLA-wise can be replicated much faster and much stronger on Zika, CMV and all the other programs. I think it’ll be the same things around commercial. With the arrival of Patrick, we are going to build very rapidly in our commercial infrastructure. We’ll give you updates on that in the coming months. But as you can appreciate, all that work that’s going to happen very quickly on COVID will help us on the other products. But totally as a competitive branding standpoint because, as you appreciate, the Moderna brand has been transformed in the last few months because of the results that the team has been able to accomplish. First of all, the product at center of advancement at the clinical level. So I think the momentum of Moderna is going to be extremely strong and extremely enabled by the SARS CoV-2 verifying process.
Stéphane Bancel: Yes. And maybe Yasmeen, just to add something. We are extremely fortunate to have Juan and this leadership team. As you know, he and the team have all come from large organization. They have managed a very large manufacturing complex organization. They have a lot of experience. They know that every extra million dose we can get out of our system will be helping a lot of people. So I’m very thankful for the team. They are literally working seven days a week, pulling all-nighters to shave every day we can so that we can really maximize the mostly output of the system, and I’m tremendously thankful for them.
Stéphane Bancel: Yes. Thanks, Lorence. And Alec, on commercialization, as you can appreciate, as we’ve said before, with the case of CMV, we do not anticipate having the capability and investing to sell the products in our complete countries. For SARS CoV-2, I think it’s important to think about the product in two different time horizon. There is a pandemic phase, in which obviously, we all are. And then we believe, as a company, there’s some opportunity for this product in the pandemic phase because we do not believe this virus is going away. So for the pandemic phase, it’s going to be mostly a partnership with governments. So in that case, you don’t have to necessarily manage complex sets of potential buyers, because we’re going to be, as we discussed, at the global level across the industry, we’re going to be supply constrained for some time, which is why, as we’ve said publicly many times, we are working for everybody with – working on the vaccine. We are hoping that many vaccines are going to be finished. And because if you think about it, there are actually very few companies that have both the manufacturing scale that is required for the task ahead and are already in the clinic, meaning they can have a short to midterm impact with our vaccine. In my opinion, there are just a couple of companies that have those two things. And so if you think about it in a very supply-constrained world in 2021, it’s going to be mostly partnering with governments. So that they will do the allocation in the different geographies. We do not intend, for example, in the U.S. to decide who gets the vaccine. That will not be appropriate. So we intend to continue our partnership with the U.S. government, that we’ve already done with NIAID. And Dr. Tony Fauci’s team for a few years, as you know. And in the clinic more recently, with BARDA, and eventually, I assume the CDC, to be able to supply to the U.S. government the doses, for them to decide the allocation that makes sense for the country.
Stéphane Bancel: Yes. Thank you. So on the commercial landscape, as I briefly mentioned a few minutes ago, as you know, I mean there are 100-plus last time I checked on Wikipedia, vaccine candidates being worked on around the world. The thing I think that are important is manufacturing scale and where are those projects in research of the clinic. As I said a few minutes ago, I believe that the project at this stage in research with a group that doesn’t have the ability to do tens of millions of doses come off ramping up to hundreds of millions per month. He’s not going to be able to have a big dent on this pandemic. And so if you use those two as a screen, which is what we do, I think we end up with a very few number of players, that have again a chance in the 2021 timeframe to have an impact on this. Obviously, like always, in drug development, not every candidate is going to get to a finish line. And I could also anticipate that once a few vaccines are in late stage or commercially approved, a lot of the early project might just stop investing because we are deploying capital and talent for something that might have no commercial end. So I think while there is a lot of people on the stop lane, my sense is very few of them get to the finish line, with manufacturing scale that matters. One or two million doses a year is not going to be very, very helpful at the global scale.
Stéphane Bancel: So thank you so much, everybody, for participating, and we look forward to talking to you, hosting you at the latest on June 2 for the Moderna Science Day. Stephen and his team will host. Thank you very much. Have a good day and stay safe. Bye-bye.
