Stéphane Bancel: Thank you, Lavina. Good morning or good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I will start with a review of 2023. Jamey will then present our financial results. Stephen will then review our late-stage clinical programs, and I will close by sharing our 2024 priorities.  Let me start with our mission, Moderna's commitment to deliver the greatest possible impact to people through mRNA medicine. In 2023, every member of the Moderna team helped to advance our mission, which is a driving force that motivates our team every single day. We impacted more than 100 million people around the world and we advanced our development pipeline across all of our franchises, including infectious disease, oncology, and rare disease.  2023 was a difficult year as we transitioned from a pandemic to a seasonal endemic market. We reported sales of $6.1 billion for 2023, which was at the low end of our financial framework range. These sales exclude the recognition of $600 million of deferred revenue from Gavi. In the U.S., the vaccination rate was down year-over-year. We were pleased that our U.S. commercial team drove an increase in our retail market share from 37% to 48%.  Outside of the U.S., we were not able to compete in the EU market in the second half of 2023 due to a competitor contract, and our performance led to a low market share in Japan. We did have a strong performance in Israel, Switzerland and Taiwan. We took several important actions in 2023 that we set our commercial COVID business up for success.  We resized our manufacturing footprint, which has been established to support capacity at pandemic levels. We exited contract manufacturing relationships and reduced inventory levels. These initiatives will improve cash flow from our COVID business moving forward.  We also flattened the commercial structure. All regions report directly to me now for more targeted sales execution and also a better integration with global teams. We focused on R&D spending and our SG&A expenditures towards near-term growth and higher return on investment projects.  While sales were challenging in 2023, our development team had a great year with excellent progress across many of our late-stage pipeline programs. In 2023, we advanced our pipeline and now have nine late-stage programs. Let's start with Respiratory vaccine.  For RSV, we filed for approvals around the world. We reported positive data from a flu P303 study, and we are fully enrolled in the Phase 3 studies for our next-gen COVID, mRNA-1283, and flu plus COVID combination vaccine, mRNA-1083.  In our latent franchise, we are very excited that our Phase 3 CMV trial is now fully enrolled. In our Individualized Neoantigen Therapy Program or INT, where we partner with Merck, Phase 3 studies in adjuvant melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer are enrolling. We purchased and are currently building out a manufacturing site in Marlborough, Massachusetts to enable commercialization of our INT program.  Our rare disease therapeutic programs continue to progress well. We are in dose selection of the restrictional study of our Propionic Acidemia Program. In MMA, we are pleased to see improvement in biomarkers and clinical outcomes. In research, we made six estimated [ph] investments, including one acquisition, which we expect will increase the strategic reach and also the breadth of our mRNA platform.  Now turning to our 2023 financial summary, we reported GAAP revenue of $6.8 billion, a net loss of $4.7 billion, primarily driven by mostly non-cash charges of $3.7 billion related to resizing of manufacturing and the tax valuation allowance. We are pleased to end the year with cash and cash investment of $13.3 billion.  Let me turn to Jamey for more color on our financials. 
Stéphane Bancel: Great. Thank you, Michael. It’s Stéphane. So in terms of contracting, obviously we cannot start contracting now, because the product is not approved. But our medical team has been quite engaged across the board at medical conferences, talking to healthcare professionals and sharing the great data that was published in December, as you know, for a Phase 3 in the New England Journal of Medicine. So we have active discussions.  There is quite high excitement about the possibility, again, if a product was to be approved to get a pre-filled syringe product. As we discussed in my remarks, as you know, labor shortages are a big issue in pharmacy. For any of us that has gone to a pharmacy in the fall, you could see it was very busy, sometimes a bit too hectic, and so the leadership of the big retail pharmacies is very engaged to think about COVID versus RSV and how to simplify the workflow, how to reduce medical errors, which is why those medical discussions that we're having so far give me significant hope that our products will be meaningful tools for our customers. 
Stéphane Bancel: Thanks Stephen. And Gena, its Stéphane, on the upside and downside on the sales for this year. I think on the upside obviously, the COVID in Europe, as I just mentioned, we couldn't participate in the market last fall. The new tender is an opportunity for us to participate. Quite a number of doctors, hospitals, public health leaders have actually complained that the Moderna vaccine, given the higher efficacy reported for reduction of hospitalization was not available, especially for the elderly, for immunocompromised people, so that's an interesting upside.  Of course, the vaccination rate in the U.S. as we reported, the vaccination rate in the current ending season was lower than last year. As I said in my remarks, we need to do better to protect more people. And our team is actively already working in a cross-functional matter to address the VCR and increase the vaccination rate. And the other upside could be the RSV, both for market growth, as well as our share. How quickly can we get share from the current two solutions available.  On the downside, of course, the vaccination rate could be a downside. And the other one is of course timing of RSV launch, given we rely on regulators for the approval of products, and then the public health recommendations like CDC over different NITAGs in the different countries, that could of course delay launches and of course impacting sales. Thank you. 
Stéphane Bancel: Hey. So I'll take the question. So on RSV vaccines [ph], we have not started the study yet. We are of course considering taking this into a Phase 3. It is in the clinic with Phase 1/2. We are waiting for the data to be able to move at the right time into the paediatric setting.  In terms of CMV, we don't have data yet on durability. Again, like we've done for other programs, when we share the data, we share the data, including durability, because it's very important. As you know, the benefit of young women is they have a very strong immune system. As we've shown in our INT programs, our T-cells work very well in terms of the vaccination technology of Moderna. So we really expect to have good durability over time. But again, we have to wait for the data to make such a determination. Thank you.
Stéphane Bancel: Thanks, Stephan. And on Australia, so a few things. First, I mean, our team has delivered a strong performance on COVID in Australia. We've been helping the government since the beginning of the pandemic. As you recall, we have announced a long-term 10-year partnership with the Australian government, and we are currently building a plant in Melbourne that is advancing quite successfully, and we are in active discussions with regulators around Australia for RSV approval.  The point I will make is that Australia, as you know is a quite different market commercially to the U.S. It's really mostly driven by the government, so I will compare Australia more to a European market than to the U.S. market. I don't think we can draw any positive or negative correlation in terms of what happened in Australia, COVID or RSV, to what will happen in the U.S. in the fall ‘24, winter ‘25. 
Stéphane Bancel: Thank you so much for the questions today. Thank you for taking the time to be with us. We look forward to talking and seeing many of you in the coming days and weeks. I hope that you will have on March 27, Annual Vaccine Day in your calendar. We'll start the presentation at 9 a.m. Eastern Time. So have a great day and thank you for joining. 
Stephen Hoge: Great. Thanks Gena. I'll take the first part of that. So I actually can't – I don't know off the top of my head the proportion, because there are both Southern and Northern Hemisphere participants that were enrolled in the study. And so counting the two RSV seasons will depend upon that. It is a sizable proportion, because as I said, the maximum follow-up at the additional analysis is about 18 months, medium was nine months. And so by definition, about half, as you just said, about 17,000 participants are between it.  And we did enroll pretty continuously over 13 months, not exactly evenly, but pretty close to it. So I don't want to give you an inaccurate number, but I would suspect it is a pretty sizable proportion because of that steady, pretty consistent enrollment over the course of 13 months. It's not exactly equal, but it trended in that direction.  As far as the digital data for the ACIP meeting, we will obviously continue to provide updates from any additional analysis we're doing on durability. We obviously have immunogenicity data, as well as data across different subpopulations. And if we're fortunate enough to have the opportunity to present at the ACIP, we will of course listen to the committee on anything they would like to see as well on the performance of mRNA 1345 as a vaccine, and the performance of the vaccines in general in terms of durability, as it guides decision-making around repeat dosing or boosting on some schedule and the public health. 
Stephen Hoge: For sure. So thank you for the question. So in CMV, obviously there's currently no vaccine that can prevent infection against CMV. And as it is a source of devastating birth defects, anything that provides a statistically significant reduction in the rate of infection and therefore vertical transmission would be, we think terrific.  Now, the minimum bar that we are powering in our study would support is a vaccine efficacy of approximately 50% as we've shared previously. Anything above that would obviously beat our expectations and be incredibly exciting for the field.  We are in the Phase 3 study, enrolling both seropositive and seronegative participants. And part of the reason for that is that there's currently no broadly used diagnostic. And so we want to demonstrate benefit or safety in both populations, because we do believe that the most likely use of the vaccine could be that it's given regardless of serostatus to both seronegatives and seropositives.  And there are potential benefits for seropositives that could include control of shedding or viremia or other long-term sequelae of CMV, but we would have to prove those. And again, those are not something we're exploring explicitly in the current Phase 3 study.  So as a practical matter, from a labelling perspective and a launch perspective, our goal is to try and launch the product for both seropositives and seronegatives, so that no diagnostic would be needed and it can be broadly used across populations to try and prevent the devastating effects of CMV on vertical transmission to newborn babies.
Stephen Hoge: Yeah, of course. Thanks Hartaj. So we're currently fully enrolled and we're accruing cases in that study. I think as we've shared before, we've actually made substantial progress in a number of cases. It is a case-driven endpoint and we'll need to see approximately 80 cases before we'll do the first interim analysis for efficacy.  That, its 81 cases to be specific. That interim analysis actually will look a lot like our other vaccine efficacy studies. DSMB will evaluate that data and if we meet the statistical threshold, which is for early efficacy, meaning we're doing better than our minimum of 49.5% vaccine efficacy, then they will at that moment tell us to unblind and share the results, and of course, we will share them broadly with the world.  If for whatever reason we don't quite have the statistical power in that first interim analysis efficacy, the study is powered to continue on and continue to accrue cases towards a final analysis of efficacy.  Now, given the rate of the final analysis at 112 cases, now given the rate of a case accrual that we're currently seeing in the study, we do expect that we will have more than enough cases this year. We are therefore pretty confident that we're going to be seeing a readout from the interim analysis, possibly even a final analysis for efficacy in 2024.  But again, since its case and event driven, we just have to bide our time. And ultimately, we will depend upon the DSMB to tell us whether or not we've met that statistical threshold. 
Stephen Hoge: Quite a few questions there. I'll try and get them all. I apologize if I forget any one. So first on the question of INT and accelerated approval in the adjuvant melanoma setting.  So as we've said before, we continue to be really excited about the data and are excited to start looking to talk to regulators about it. There have been three things that we've tried to say that had to be true for us to believe it was appropriate to even ask about accelerated approval. The first was we had to see durability. And clearly the data that we just saw from December, just two months ago, shows that durability and really a clear statistically significant result where the comparator arm, the control arm looks really just like the labeled data, and so we're incredibly encouraged by that durability, that was criteria one.  But the second and third are still there and really important. The second is that we have to substantially enroll the confirmatory Phase 3 study. For an accelerated approval in this space, we do believe we have to show we've really already done the diligence to allow that confirmatory data to come in, so that three or four years from now, that further readout would confirm anything that would happen in accelerated approval context.  And then the third and perhaps now increasingly important criteria, was that we had to establish the commercial manufacturing facility. And so as we've announced, we've been building a facility in Marlborough, Massachusetts. It'll be a purpose-built, personalized, individualized neoantigen therapy facility that is ultimately what will be licensed to create this product for the world, whether it's in an accelerated context or in the future with full approval.  That facility is coming online. We look forward to hosting many of you and others in tours as we bring it online. But without that facility, there isn't really a product here to talk about. And so all three of them are essential. We're making progress on all three. And I think the most exciting thing is what you were just alluding to, which is the durability of the benefit we've been seeing really causes us to now lean into completing, working hard to complete the enrollment of that confirmatory study criteria too, and finish the build out of that Marlborough facility, which is the third criteria.  Now, on the point of other indications that we're going after, I will defer to our partners, Merck, on the specifics. We will do it together at the right time, opening up additional Phase 3 and confirmatory studies. We do expect to open multiple this year. Those include some additional adjuvant indications. They also include some potential metastatic indications, and we are looking at monotherapy indications.  And that can be either in places where PD-1s, KEYTRUDA, may not be indicated or even earlier lines of therapy. And so all of those are under consideration, and as soon as we start those studies up and begin enrolling, of course, we'll make announcements about them with our partner, Merck. Now lastly, on the question of RSV, we continue to be really enthusiastic about the data that our product has, and I think the durability now shown through this second large season is quite encouraging. We'll be sharing that data with the ACIP. Well, first we have to get to the regulatory process and approval in this country. And Stéphane mentioned our PDUFA date in May. And if we have the opportunity, we'll be sharing the data with the ACIP, which includes, in our case, booster data on immunogenicity from ongoing work that has actually already previously been presented publicly at meetings.  And so just like our competitors, we have shared data of what a second dose looks like in terms of boosting neutralizing antibody titers back up, both at one year, and we're also going to be looking at two years. And all of the data, ourselves, as well as that similar booster data from the competitor products, will likely be brought together to inform the ACIP's recommendation of how they think RSV vaccines should be readministered when a booster might be necessary. It really falls to the committee to make that determination, not us.  Your question was about whether we expect there to be any difference or distinction in terms of how they treat the vaccine. You know at this point, given the immunogenicity data and booster data that has been shared across all three products, which is remarkably consistent, as well as the consistent picture in terms of efficacy, including some waning efficacy for all products in the second year, we would suspect that they will continue to view the products as more similar than not and therefore continue with consistent recommendations. But it's really up to the committee to make that determination. At least from my perspective, I certainly think the science would support that. 
Stephen Hoge: Hi. Sorry about that -- small technical snafu. So I'm back. I believe I caught the end of the question, which is when do we think we'll have a correlative of protection that can inform dynamics, both between products and boosting, if that's correct.  We and all the other manufacturers have been sharing publicly our work on a correlative protection. We do believe that we've identified a strong candidate in neutralizing antibodies, not surprisingly, from our clinical study. We've been sharing that data with regulators, and we've been sharing the preliminary analysis with public health officials, including advisory groups and ITAGs like the ACIP.  We will be publishing that data and ultimately submitting that to our regulatory submissions as a correlate through the balance of this year. And if we and I think the other competitors are successful in establishing neutralizing antibodies against RSV as a correlative protection in RSV, then it really will probably be the primary way that public health officials make determinations about revaccination and boosting, and ultimately how we maintain durable protection against RSV for high-risk populations like older adults.  From a competitive dynamics perspective, once each product has established their correlate, their correlate will relate to them. But we do think there's probably going to be more commonality than not in the correlates of protection, which makes sense, because at the end of the day we're still talking about the same virus and vaccination against it for all three products. 
Stephen Hoge: Thanks. So we are speaking to the FDA and regulators around the world about what would be – what they would like to see from a submission perspective for – in first-generation or influenza program, our mRNA 1010 program, as you referenced. I don't have any specific updates right now. We're in those conversations as we speak. I really don't want to get ahead of them.  The kinds of things we're talking about are what's the total submission data package, what's the duration of follow-up in some of these studies, and what additional studies or data might be supportive to the application. Those conversations are ongoing. We will provide updates as and when we have them, but I have nothing further to add right now. 
Stephen Hoge: Great questions all. So, I'll take the first part of that. So first of all, metastatic. So we have not formally decided or announced that we're going into a metastatic indication. We do have data from our Phase I study, our initial Phase 1 study in metastatic patients, including non-small-cell lung cancer, but we have not yet made a determination that we're going into the metastatic indication.  And I think behind your question is a view that I would agree with, which is to the extent that INT is going to provide a really substantial benefit, we think it is probably in earlier lines of therapy. So not just adjuvant, but perhaps even Stage I disease or a Stage II disease, depending on the indication, because the safety and tolerability profile is we think incredibly favorable, and the benefits we're seeing are pretty remarkable from an immune perspective.  That said, there is still a really high unmet need in the metastatic space, and even immunotherapies like the PD-1s, like KEYTRUDA, provide a substantial benefit there. And so at the right time, we may well choose to study the metastatic indication, but as I said or metastatic indications and settings, but as I said, we have not yet formally decided to do that today, and we are really focused on adjuvant and earlier and monotherapy principally.  On the manufacturing process and enrollment, we have substantially scaled up our ability to enroll patients in those Phase 3 studies. I can assure you that with our partner, Merck, we wouldn't have opened a second Phase 3 study and be talking about the third if we didn't have confidence in our ability to rapidly meet the demand for the substantial demand from those clinical research sites for INT manufacturing.  We haven't specifically put out numbers, but suffice it to say, we are rapidly enrolling in those studies, and we would expect to make substantial progress this year and even perhaps getting close to completing enrollment in at least one of those studies if it continues trajectory.  So we're excited about the progress we've made in scaling up the manufacturing for clinical supply. We're excited about the progress we're making right now in enrolling patients and the demand that we're seeing from clinical sites. And we do believe that we've solved a lot of the, for clinical research, for clinical development, the manufacturing requirements. The question then becomes commercial, and as we alluded to a few minutes ago, the Marlboro site would really become the purpose-built commercial site, which needs to not only be able to deliver high-quality products at high volumes, but also do it at a valuable price and cost point and all of that work is ongoing.  We've made great progress in building that site. Our goal is to establish that site for at least clinical supply this year, but we haven't provided further guidance on when we will have that fully operational for potential commercial use. And ultimately, it depends upon discussions with regulators as well. 
Stephen Hoge: Great. I'll quickly take the first part of that and then hand it over to Stéphane for the second.  So the additional data on 50-plus, we have obviously immune bridging data and co-administration data. We'll be sharing that at the appropriate time with public health officials and others. It could be as soon as the ACIP. It just depends on when the data comes in, as well as the 18-plus high-risk populations.  In your question about getting those in the label, it's important to note that public health officials can recommend use even beyond the label and may choose to do that, but our responsibility would be to get it in the label, and we will need to complete the initial BLA before then we could submit the SBLA to get that data in the label. And so obviously it would follow shortly after our hopefully successful PDUFA outcome in May. 
