Stéphane Bancel: Thanks, Lavina. Good morning or good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I will start with a review of our business. Jayme ill then present our financial results. Stephen will review our late-stage clinical programs, and I will close by sharing our 2024 commercial priorities and major upcoming milestones. Our COVID vaccine has already impacted hundreds of millions of people. I'm excited by the progress we've made with our pipeline that has the potential to impact many more people. During the first quarter, we presented substantial clinical progress during our Vaccine Day, with exciting data on EBV, VZV and Norovirus. In addition, along with our partner, Merck, we expanded studies for Individualized Neoantigen Therapy, INT into 3 new indications. In addition, through ongoing Phase III studies in adjuvant melanoma and adjuvant non-small cell lung cancer, a Phase II/III study has started in neoadjuvant, adjuvant, cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma, another form of skin cancer. Phase II clinical trials have started in adjuvant bladder and adjuvant kidney cancer. Together, our vaccines and therapeutic portfolio have a potential to impact hundreds of millions of people each year. I am pleased with our Q1 performance. Since the beginning of the year, we announced 4 important business agreements and collaboration. We entered into a nonexclusive IP out licensing agreement with a leading pharmaceutical company in Japan. The agreement includes an upfront payment and low double-digit royalty to Moderna on net sales of our COVID key products marketed in Japan by this company. It is nice to see a company recognizing our IP and our figures for our license. Second, we recently announced a contract to provide 4.5 million royalty of COVID-19 vaccine to the Ministry of Health in Brazil. I am very pleased with this partnership as it is the very first time that Moderna works with a broad environment, and we look forward to providing these doses to protect people in Brazil as they go into their winter season. We announced the project financing program for up to $750 million in funding to Blackstone to further develop our flu program. We also made public our collaboration with OpenAI to use AI as a transformative tool to increase speed and efficiency and ultimately to improve patient outcomes across our business. Finally, we agreed with Metagenomi to terminate our gene editing collaboration. All rights granted under the collaboration will be returned to Metagenomi. This is a good proof point of Moderna's continually aim to prioritize our investment for our best opportunities to drive returns. Turning to Q1 financial results. In revenues, we were ahead of our plans at $167 million, reflecting a highly seasonal nature of our respiratory vaccine business. The net growth was $1.2 billion. We ended the quarter with $12.2 billion of cash and investments. We communicated during our November call, our focus on financial discipline. I am pleased with what the team has achieved with our operating expenses, cost of manufacturing expenses plus cost of R&D expenses plus cost of SG&A expenses were down almost $800 million in Q1 2024 versus Q1 2023. Jamey will elaborate on this in his section. With that, I will now hand over to Jamey. 
Stéphane Bancel: And I'll take the IP questions. I mean as you know, our COVID-19 vaccine technology, including our lipid nanoparticle delivery system is the result of independent research and development. We have a strong belief that our technology does not impact on the patent asserted by [indiscernible]. We are confident in our position, and we look forward to presenting our case after next year. 
Stéphane Bancel: Sure. So with internal markets, obviously, very important, the U.S. is very important, the U.S. and Russia also super important. As we shared before, we found in all the major geographies already. Of course, EU, U.K., Canada, Australia, some countries in Asia, some countries in the Middle East. RSV is well known by public health leaders like it is in the U.S. So I think that there's a very strong desire, again, to protect the elderly or what we are doing here in terms of true COVID RSV, that's becoming very kind of a standard that probably [indiscernible] across at least the developed world. But even in developing countries, there's more and more interest as you see aging population everywhere. So it's not only the U.S. approval that we expect coming soon is we have several geographies that would start being approved so. 
Stéphane Bancel: Well, thank you, everybody, for joining in today for a great session. We look forward to seeing you at latest ASCO. Have a great day. 
Stephen Hoge: Thank you, Jamey. Today, I'll review updates from our clinical programs that were shared during our recent Vaccines Day, as well as new developments in our therapeutics portfolio. Starting with respiratory vaccines. We shared updates to many of our respiratory programs at Vaccines Day in March. Our RSV vaccine in Canada is undergoing regulatory review in multiple countries. And pending approval, we expect to launch the product in the United States following the June ACIP meeting and recommendations this year. At Vaccines Day, we shared updates from co-administration studies of RSV, confirming the ability to administer our vaccine and other vaccines given during the respiratory season. With our flu program, we recently presented data from our Phase III P303 study at ECCMID and continued discussions with regulators globally towards the goal of filing this year. For our next-generation COVID vaccine, mRNA-1283, we have presented positive Phase III safety and immunogenicity data and are engaging with regulators on the path to approval for that product. Our combination flu and COVID vaccine, mRNA-1083 is in Phase III, and we look forward to sharing those clinical data in the current quarter. Turning now to our leading and other vaccines. As shared at Vaccines Day, we've had -- we've made significant progress in this portfolio. Our CMV vaccine, mRNA-1647, has fully enrolled its Phase III trial, and we have the potential for an interim analysis of efficacy this year. We announced positive Phase I immunogenicity and safety data from our EBV vaccine candidate, mRNA-1189, and we are now advancing towards pivotal trials with that program. A second therapeutic EBV candidate, mRNA-1195 is in a separate ongoing Phase I study. mRNA-1468, our vaccine against varicella-zoster virus showed strong immunogenicity, including strong T cell responses, and we are preparing to move that program forward towards a pivotal Phase III study as well. And our HSV vaccine against Herpes simplex mRNA-1608, is now fully enrolled in its Phase I/II study, and we look forward to sharing clinical data updates when that's available. Now rounding out this portfolio, we presented the positive clinical data from our norovirus vaccine candidate, mRNA-1403 and shared that we are advancing that program towards its pivotal Phase III trial. Turning now to Oncology Therapeutics. We are happy to report our ongoing Phase III studies are enrolling well. We were excited to announce 3 new INT trials, including a randomized Phase II/III study in neoadjuvant, adjuvant cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma; a randomized Phase II trial in adjuvant high-risk muscle invasive bladder cancer; and lastly, a randomized Phase II trial in an adjuvant renal cell carcinoma. Now recently at AACR, we presented Phase I data from our INT program in advanced unresectable HPV-negative head and neck cancer in the metastatic setting. At AACR, we also presented Phase I translational data from another oncology therapeutic program, mRNA-2752 in various tumor types. Links to both of these presentations are provided on the slide. Now as a final note, at ASCO, we'll be hosting another Moderna oncology event on the evening of June 3, and we look forward to seeing you there or having you join us virtually. With that, I'll turn it back over to Stéphane. 
Stephen Hoge: Yes, sure. So thanks for the question. So on the 3 additional INT indications, I think the short version of it is they are all adjuvant settings. Similar to our melanoma Phase II results have been so encouraging, where KEYTRUDA has a known benefit and where we still believe that there's an opportunity to improve on that by driving a specific T cell response with INT. And so as you know, in Phase I, we looked across a range of different indications. That was more in the metastatic setting. But as we've announced since we first saw that positive Phase II results from melanoma, we have been aggressively pursuing adjuvant indications where IO is approved and where we see an opportunity. And all 3 of these fits squarely in that space. 
Stephen Hoge: And your question on INT. I think you nailed it, it's a really important topic, and in particular right now, as we think about accelerated approval that we demonstrate the diligence and substantially enroll the confirmatory study. So really all you're waiting for is for that study to mature, it could be several years. We think it's really important. To be fair, we have not consulted with the agency on that yet. As we've said, we're waiting until we crossed our own threshold. And also at this point, until we've established the manufacturing facility with that line of sight to that. But we do feel that, as we've said, substantial enrollment demonstrating that essentially all you're waiting for is the readout on that confirmatory study is our obligation before we even want to go forward with that question. We are making great progress this year, and we're optimistic that both that and the facility will be available in short order. And then, of course, we'll want to start engaging with our data, including the FDA on the question of accelerated approval. 
Stephen Hoge: On the question of flu, we are actively engaged right now on the -- with regulators on the process for submission of the flu vaccine. As I mentioned a moment ago, we are also closing in on clinical data from our combination flu COVID vaccine, mRNA-1083. And that obviously has an important role in our engagement with regulators, generally on flu versus flu COVID combination. And so those discussions are ongoing. I won't provide any other update on it except to say, as we've said today, and we will continue to say we expect to file the flu product this year, but it will be dependent upon a number of considerations plus we also including the [indiscernible] data that we expect to see soon. 
Stephen Hoge: So first, on the question of boosting. So far, what we have -- we obviously don't have the efficacy readout. That's the Phase III study is ongoing. But we do expect to have quite substantial durability data on immunogenicity. And it's quite possible that the efficacy data will give us a signal what the core of production could be. And so we don't, right now, have any evidence they're not good, durable, multiyear, possibly as long as 5 years, we continue to track the immunogenicity protection. It's possible that will extend out to 10 years and then some boosting is necessary. It's also possible that we decide that a booster might be necessary shorter term in that, let's say, 5 years or 10 years. We just don't know at this time. And so at present, the data we do have on the durability of the immunogenicity, it looks quite strong. And so we do think our 3-dose series will likely be protective for a very long period of time, all subject to the efficacy data that you just referenced. So on the interim analysis for efficacy, as we've said before, we're making great progress in that study in accruing cases, and we do expect to be able to provide an update on -- or conduct at least an initial interim efficacy analysis this year. Because of the rate of case accrual and also because the protocol calls for us to cross a median of 1-year follow-up, the timing may be sets -- by the time we get to that first interim analysis, we are also have enough cases for a final analysis or that a final analysis is imminent. Let's say, it's a very short period of time away. And so because of that uncertainty, until we see that data and understand how close we are to that final analysis, I don't think we can commit, one way or the other, whether we're going to be updating, it will really depend upon the data we see and then how quickly we expect to get that final analysis. At the end of the day, if we have news to share both on interim and the final, we, of course, will, but I don't think we can commit at this stage because we haven't seen the data yet. 
Stephen Hoge: Right. Sorry for that brief interruption. So Hartaj, thank you for the question. Just to quickly restate what I was saying. The -- all of our respiratory portfolio, RSV, flu, COVID and the flu COVID combo are being developed towards refrigerator stable PFS. And so our mRNA-1083 program, the flu COVID program as well as the flu program are intended to be a refrigerator stable prefilled syringes. As Stéphane mentioned a moment ago, we really view that as the ideal presentation, the helpful presentation for health care providers really around the world to facilitate their delivery of the vaccine to patients. 
Stephen Hoge: Yes. So we haven't specifically guided to when we expect to complete, obviously, the second and third parts of our 3-part criteria. That being manufacturing readiness, as you can imagine, work is going on around the clock as well as the enrollment we've made great progress, but we have to sustain that progress. On your question of where is Merck on this. I think you'll have to direct it to them. Our view is that if we're able to get to the point where ancillary approval is appropriate and regulators are supportive of that, we can't imagine why ourselves and Merck wouldn't want to make the product available to help people suffering from cancer right now. But the contingencies, there are, obviously, we have to do our work and our doses this year. And then ultimately, we have to speak to regulators, and they get to decide whether that pathway is available to us. And so I think for both ourselves and our partner Merck, we want to defer to regulators ultimately on that choice. 
Stephen Hoge: Great. Perfect question. I'll take this first from the third very quickly. So on the function of RSV, we continue working towards the same PDUFA date, and there's no change to that. As you know, there's a lot of work and around the clock work by ourselves, obviously, and folks at the agency. And so we're hopeful that, that happens as planned, but if it takes a little bit longer, at the end of the day, what really matters is the duty for [indiscernible] meeting, but there's been no change to report. So don't read anything into that. As far as the INT question, on head and neck, I appreciate the question because we are also obviously enthusiastic about that data. However, our partner, Merck and ourselves, we have not yet decided where that fits in the priority of other indications, pathologies and opportunities we're pursuing. As you've already seen in the past year, we've stood up a very large number of study. And we're just trying to pace ourselves. And so it will take us a little bit of time with our partner, Merck, to determine what the next steps are in head and neck. And at this point, we do not have an update on. 
Stephen Hoge: Thank you for the clarifying question on flu. So let me just start by saying that independently, we are looking to submit both the flu program and the flu COVID combo program. So that's 1010 and 1083. Obviously, we need to see the 1083 data, and we'll announce that when we have it. The question on the timing of that data, it's imminent. And so in the coming quarter, we expect to be able to share that update. The point about interdependency, I suppose, is just more about sequencing of those submissions and in some places and some regulatory geographies, obviously, you can't stack them on the same day if you will. There's a logical sequence.  And what we want to assess once we see the 1083 data is our regulatory strategy as well as our preparation and delivery of data for the submissions to determine which one will go first or second. But at this point, we're trying hard to make sure that we can do both products across all of our major markets, if the data is filed in this year. And so we'll go more on that as we move forward. But for now, we are proceeding without independently. Sorry for the confusion model. On the question of CMV and seropositivity. So it's a really important point. Thank you for raising it. But while the majority -- well, the risk of vertical transmission of CMV to pregnancy to the fetus is highest in seronegative. It does happen in seropositives as well. So congenital CMV is a disease that's seen in -- particularly in reactivation or sometimes reinfection, even in the seropositive context. And so we do believe that there's a potential for benefit for a vaccine even in seropositive population. We are evaluating the study right now in seronegative because the rate of that transmission and obviously, the potential to prevent against infection is more enriched and therefore the study size, primary are focused on seronegatives. But we are looking. We have studied the vaccine from a safety perspective in seropositives. And we are looking at things like [ Sheng ]. If you draw a little bit of an analogy to correlate to the EVB data that we've already put out there in a different virus, but we've been able to show that we can really control the rate setting even in seropositives [indiscernible] qualifiers. And so we have some reasons for optimism and believe that when we pull together the totality of the data, there will both be the obvious potential benefit, which is that there is still vertical transmission in seropositives and some -- potentially some data on the rate of [indiscernible] that would be supportive to that. Ultimately, though, we're studying all the way down to 16-year-olds. And our goal will be a label that 16 plus, with the goal going into a population that is not as highly seropositive as it is later in life and therefore, we see a very large opportunity, improvement, and then primary infection CMV with the vaccine and the potential for [indiscernible] seropositives [indiscernible]. 
Stephen Hoge: Shingle zoster. So on the [indiscernible] program, we have -- we're obviously very excited by the Phase I data, which was compared against a licensed product, and we saw really strong T cell response in immunogenicity. And generally, we've been in that across our programs. But in that one, it was very encouraging. We're in the process right now of trying to find the pivotal strategy. That will include, obviously, dose selection, the number of doses in that study and then how we're going to expect that study. We do not have an update till today on what that will look like in addition to our own thoughts on it, we obviously want to consult with regulators before we finalize that [indiscernible]. But we are moving for forward -- towards a pivotal study in PCV. We do not have a [indiscernible] on that update yet. As it relates to MMA and PA, the clinical data that we have continues to show a compelling benefit risk profile, good safety profile. In fact, in the PA studies, we have many folks who've been in those -- in the study on drug for well over a year. And over 30 years, I think, from our last update in overall patient dosing experience. So we are starting to get a very clear perspective on the safety profile. The editorial question, I don't have a view on editorials or opinions based on the preclinical data. I think we stand behind the clinical data that we have and are quite encouraged by that profile, and we'll continue to watch it closely in our ongoing Phase I studies, but we do not have any specific or new concerns based on the clinical data today. 
Stephen Hoge: So first on the clarification. There's no change to our expectations on when the CMV readout will happen. I think we previously tried to be careful in saying that we expect it to happen this year. And so obviously, by the end of this year, it is meant to say the same thing, but there's no change in our expectations at this point. On the HSV Alzheimer's hypothesis, it's a very interesting -- there's a lot of neuroinflammatory questions that go with the herpes simplex virus infection across a range of different mutations, Alzheimer's one of them. At this point, the studies that we expect to move forward with HSV will be for seropositive to improve outcomes. So shedding days, for instance, or lesion based, and then eventually, we will want to consider whether we want to go at prevention of infection, which is obviously a different standard of different indication. That might be more relevant for them, how you think about some of the neuroinflammatory or long-term supply. I think you asked my opinion on the -- I think it's incredibly interesting and exciting. I do think it's early for us to start drawing connection from a vaccine perspective in terms of our potential impact for it. I hope over time, there is an opportunity to intervene and things like that. Obviously, in the EBV vaccine with multiple sclerosis, that science has firmed up to the point where there's reasonably high conviction that there's a potential for benefit there. We have to go prove that. But at this point, it's still earlier days, I think, with HSV and Alzheimer's. 
Stephen Hoge: Maybe I'll take the first one, Ed. So we obviously know what we're spending, [indiscernible] but at this point, that we are not prepared to disclose. So maybe someday, but not at this time. 
Stephen Hoge: Yes. On the expansion indication. Look, at the joint decision, our partnership with Merck has been really strong. We've been building this out. We do like to review those strategically and then bring them forward once we've started them. And so I don't want to get ahead of that because those are our private strategic competition with Merck. But we are not done yet. We will keep adding in the years ahead. 
