Stephane Bancel: Thank you, Lavina. Good morning, or good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our Q2 2022 to conference call. Today, I will start with a quick business review, before Paul walks you for some new real world evidence data on Spikevax and then, Stephen, will review our clinical programs. Arpa will take you through commercial dynamics and David will present financials and we will come back to growth, just some thoughts, about where we are heading. In the quarter, we continued strong financial performance. We reported revenue of $4.7 billion and net income of $2.2 billion. We are pleased with the Q2 sales. The decreasing net income is driven by higher cost of sales in the quarter, mostly driven by our COVAX contract, David will cover that in the financials, a strong increase in R&D investment to fund our future, including the four Phase 3 programs and the higher tax rate in Q2 2021. For our share repurchase program, we reduced our share count by $9 million shares in Q2. Since the start of our first share repurchase program in 2021 through yesterday, we have repurchased around $18 million shares. We continue to have signed event purchase agreements for expected delivery in 2022 in the amount of approximately $21 billion. Based on our commercial momentum and our balance sheet, today we also announced that our Board of Directors has approved the new share buyback program for an additional $3 billion. Let me now review the business and pipeline update since our last review. I am pleased with the important progress that Moderna team has made on advancing the pipeline across the product launches and increasing the breadth of the pipeline. On the commercial side, we recently signed a new agreement with the U.S. Government for an initial 66 million doses for bivalent booster vaccine against Omicron. The agreement also include options to purchase an additional 234 million doses, bringing the total sales potentially up 400 million doses. The U.S. Government has already exercised option for an additional 4 million doses since the contract was signed and announced. So the current total is actually 70 million doses contracted for the fall of 2022 with the U.S. Government. In addition, both Canada and the U.K. had exercised options for their current agreements for additional deliveries in 2022. On the regulatory front, I am very happy to talk about authorized for pediatric and recent population in the U.S. We further see the thought with regulatory clinical teams at Moderna and the U.S. FDA now allows the protection of the youngest in the U.S. population as they head back to school. As Canada and Australia both authorized the use of our vaccine for children’s six months to five years old. Our research and clinical team continue the momentum in our pipeline. We are look for running Phase 3 development with COVID bivalent booster, flu, RSV and CMV trials ongoing. Importantly, our Phase 1 study with mRNA-1030, our flu vaccine targeting the traditional flu antigen, as well as been novel NA antigen is now fully enrolled. And our combination flu plus COVID vaccine is also fully enrolled for Phase 1/2. We look forward to these readouts on safety and immunogenicity for approvals. In properties, we now have an open IND with the checkpoint vaccine in oncology and we dose our first patients with our GSD1a rare disease program. Finally, we are very pleased to be on track and look forward to sharing data for our proof-of-concept studies this year for two of our therapeutic programs. The Phase 1/2 rare disease program propionic acidemia or PA and our Phase 2 data with our personalized cancer vaccine in combination to KEYTRUDA versus KEYTRUDA monotherapy. Slide six is our usual snapshot of Moderna in August 2022, showing the breadth of the pipeline with 46 programs in development across vaccine with four therapeutics. The company has strong foundation, we have 3,400 teams and growing, 11 commercial subsidiaries and the strong balance sheet with around $18 billion of cash to fuel our growth. I will now hand it over to Paul.
Stephane Bancel: Sure. Thanks for the question, Matthew. So, as you know, we run it now for over a year our capital allocation strategy, that’s in a cash flow positive situation. Of course, number one; invest in the business; two, stick to our investment to build the company; and three, share buyback. As you have seen through what we have done over the last quarters, we have been I think totally aligned with this strategy in terms of the investment in internal R&D, as David said, 69% increase in R&D investments Q2 this year versus Q2 last year. As you have seen we have announced last year our third share buyback plan today also being very aggressive there. As you see, we have done a few deals in the last year in terms of external collaborations. We have not acquired any company at this stage. We see this, to your point as, how do we expand the potential of the company to deliver on its mission to make innovative medicine. And on the external front, I think, there’s two filters that are important for us is, finding interesting assets and finding them at a price that we think we can create value for. As we have said, and David confirmed today, our BD teams are extremely busy looking at a lot of things. But as you know, it’s a bit the same as investors looking for companies to invest in. We look at a lot of things before we decide to go for something. We won’t be shy if we find great assets. There’s a lot of asset that are very early. There’s a lot of asset that don’t really see the company’s strategy, but we will keep looking. I think doing the large acquisition -- probably like a large acquisition is not our strategy. What we want to do is to be the best if nucleic acid company in the world. As we have said, would be very happy to go outside them on as long as we see to the nucleic acid space. We will be happy to do acquisition if we find good assets, we will happy to new partnerships and acquisition is not regarding itself. So that’s a bit how we think about outside the investment actually. Thank you.
Stephane Bancel: Thanks guys. And on the capital allocation, as we have shared in the past, we are very interested by applying with information molecules, so in nucleic acid. And so we are not only looking at mRNA to express a human protein. As you know we are also losing mRNA through gene as you think, as you know, we are already done some partnership there and we look forward to giving us some update in the near future. But then also in the gene therapy that we talked about RNA also being put actually the space of interest. So I think when you applying nucleic acid, I think, as we said in the past, going to small molecule or large molecule is not something that we think will be in the best action on Moderna, again taking at three-year, five-year, 10-year view of things. I think there is a lot of things we can do in terms of nucleic acid and we like the ability to plug and play on to the platform across research, across development, across CMC. So this is very true benefits and synergies that is just getting a product for the sake of getting a product and driving more complexity into the company and definitely the technologies that we see have little income with nucleic acid.
Stephane Bancel: So let me start on capital allocation. This is Stephane. As David illustrative on one of our slide that we have been using for few quarters now. Our priority number one has been investing in the business. We are really excited about the platform that we have. As you know in vaccine, given the vaccine modality has been derisked, w are willing to invest pretty aggressively. It’s kind of remarkable, let’s call, we have four vaccine in place for you right now. And as we said on the last call, we have shown now three times the ability to grow from starting a clinical study in vaccines to starting a Phase 3 on 12 months timeframe, which I think really speak about the platform of CMC capabilities, and of course, how we really -- we have a very strong development team. So I see that’s going to be interesting, of course, is the human proof-of-concept that we talked about coming later this year in cancer and in rare disease, because if one of those two or both of those two were to work in terms of getting interesting clinical signal, you will most probably see us do what we did with vaccines which expand very quickly. As you know, one of the really good thing about mission RNA and how we built the company with a lot of robotics out of the digitalization is giving to scale very quickly. We always felt a new application like rare disease or cancer before we know even technology is working, we can’t have time to stop piano [ph] with only a few programs. But if let’s say, we have positive results in PA, will you see us developing many more programs, I mean, what we have now in rate disease very quickly? The answer is yes. And we see something in oncology. So investing in the business is priority the number one, priority number two is really expanding the platform through partnership, licensing, M&A and then the excess cash we will return to shareholder. And I think the announcement of share buyback plan today we were and we should begin the production by the Board is a confirmation of the ability to return the capital if we cannot find with using the company.
Stephane Bancel: Great. Thank you so much everybody for joining the call today and for your questions. We look forward to speaking to many of you and look forward to welcoming you at the R&D Day early September. Have a great day. Thank you.
Stephen Hoge: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, or good afternoon, everyone. I will quickly review some of the recent updates around our Omicron containing COVID booster for the upcoming fall season and then review the rest of our pipeline before handing it to Arpa. We are advancing to bivalent candidates for the fall winter season of 2022 to meet different market demands, mRNA-1273.214 is our Omicron BA.1 containing bivalent vaccine. Clinical data previously presented from our Phase 2/3 study showed that 214 significantly increased neutralizing titers against BA.4, BA.5 compared to the currently authorized booster. Following regulatory discussions, we have submitted application for authorization for 214 in the EU, Australia, U.K., Canada, and Switzerland. We have also started a rolling submission in Japan. mRNA-1273.222 is our bivalent vaccine candidate that combines an Omicron containing vaccine based on the BA.4, BA.5 subvariant and our original mRNA-1273. The FDA has asked us to submit for authorization for 222, based on the demonstrated strength of our bivalent platform against variance of concern including data from our Phase 2/3 studies with 214 and 211 bivalent boosters. FDA has also advised manufacturers to initiate clinical trials with 222 as these data will serve useful as the pandemic continues to evolve. We expect to start these trials in August. Now to review our respiratory vaccine pipeline on slide 16, I just want overall -- Omicron containing COVID boosters. We were happy to announce that our flu vaccine mRNA-1010 launched an immunogenicity study in the Southern Hemisphere in June and we are also preparing to launch an efficacy study for mRNA-1010 this upcoming fall, which will either serve as a post-approval efficacy study or if we are not eligible for study approval we will support our application. Our next-generation flu vaccines, which had eight mRNA’s across HA and NA antigens, mRNA-1020 and mRNA-1030, also completed enrollment in their Phase 1.2 study. Our RSV program is ongoing including a Phase 3 in older adults and a Phase 1 in pediatrics. Importantly, we also started and concluded enrollment for the Phase 1-2 study of our COVID plus flu vaccine this quarter. We look forward to sharing that data when we have it. Our combination COVID flu RSV vaccine also expects to enter the clinic this year. Our endemic, human Coronavirus vaccine is in preclinical along with our pediatric RSV plus hMPV combination vaccine and the pediatric hMPV plus PIV3 vaccine Phase 1b is now fully enrolled. Moving onto our latest public health vaccine portfolio, our CMV vaccine is ongoing in a Phase 3. Our EBV vaccine to prevent infectious mononucleosis is in a Phase 1 study and our EBV vaccine to prevent long-term sequelae from the virus is in preclinical. We have two HIV Phase 1 trials and a Phase 2 Zika vaccine trial that are all ongoing. Our Phase -- our HSV and VVV vaccines are in preclinical. And finally we dosed the first participants in our Phase 1 study of our Nipah vaccine, which is being conducted in partnership with the NIH. And to close on our therapeutics pipeline on slide 18, Stephane already mentioned that we expect data from our proof-of-concept studies in our PCV NPA programs later this year. A few other important updates to highlight on this slide, first, we were happy to dose our first patient in our GSD1a trial and open an IND for our checkpoint cancer vaccine. Second, AstraZeneca notified us that after a portfolio review they are returning the VEGF program and we are currently evaluating the next steps for that asset. Finally, based on a review of early clinical data from our IL-2 program for autoimmune disease and the evolving competitive landscape, we have decided to discontinue further development of our program and we were moving from our pipeline. With that, I will hand it over to Arpa.
Stephen Hoge: Thank you for the question. I will take the first one. And I assume Arpa for the second. So first on the 222 is a bivalent vaccine that is based on the BA.4, BA.5 variant. This is most -- I think the question is directed mostly to the FDA guidance and the focus particularly in United States on authorization of vaccine. We continue to work hard to pull together both preclinical and manufacturing data, and all of our underlying bivalent platform data, which includes two different Phase 2/3 studies and I referenced mRNA-1273.211 and mRNA-1273.214, both of which demonstrated superiority of the bivalent platform and the performance against Omicron variant concern. So the totality of that data was Phase 2/3 study was frequently data manufacturing data will form the submission, which is consistent with the published FDA guidance. FDA has also asked us as you referenced to run an additional study really to support future deployment, because we do want to understand the performance of the 222 vaccine if there is further variant evolution for instance in December or January has unfortunately happened every year in this pandemic and we want to have samples that allows us to inform that those sorts of decisions about deployment of vaccine. We expect to enroll that study really in August. But this data wouldn’t be available for a few months, because you would follow till approximately a month to get the boosted samples, collect them and test them in the relevant asset. We do not at this point expect nor the FDA suggested that that data would be required prior to authorization. In fact, we will be authorizing based on the prior clinical data for 211 and 214 the preclinical data manufacturing data. But we will have that -- those samples in hand. Now as to the specific timing of when we would be able to share 222 data, other than later in the fall, I don’t think we have any other specific item today, except to emphasize again that it’s really not required for the authorization based on recent FDA guidance, it really is to support future deployment decisions that are in the later part of the winter.
Stephen Hoge: Sure. Thank you for the questions, Michael. I will try to take both. So, first on the approach, I think, you are right, we do believe that the flu model for authorization of strain supplements, strain updates every year will make sense in the future for COVID vaccines and boosters. And in that sense the authorization of 222 if the FDA -- that does have with the FDA and other markets follow really becomes the first instance of that. We are still going to have to file for supplemental BLA instantiating that pulling together that framework. But we are actively working with regulators, not just in the U.S., but globally to try and establish that pathway, because at the end of day, in order for us to take full advantage of the platform and respond every year, it makes sense that we don’t conduct clinical studies before authorization in the future. We also think that the flu model and the performance of the platform globally now in billions of people really does start to demonstrate the potential for us to mature to more of an endemic approach that doesn’t require a clinical study every time. So that is our expectation and hope will obviously engage with regulators over the fall and winter as we complete those filings and trying prepare for in 2023, it might look just like that. And there’s, again, I think, that 222 experienced this fall really might just be that first instance what becomes the new norm. Now on monkeypox, we did initiate a research program. We are tracking that very closely. And obviously, given the recent public health announcements and increasing concern about availability of vaccine supply, we have -- we are -- been beginning to look at what it would take for us to use our platform to provide a monkeypox vaccine, both intervene in the current epidemic, but also to try and address long-term issues of supply in this public health threat. We do not have any update on those discussions and we will firm them up, those will include if appropriate some regulatory consultations. And once we have clarity on whether we are moving to clinical development and what that path would be, we will, of course, provide an update on it. But at this stage, it remains a preclinical program, but one that we are tracking very closely given the recent developments.
Stephen Hoge: Great. And then on the question of the flu Phase 3 study that’s ongoing. So that is a Southern Hemisphere immunogenicity and safety study. As we said, we are moving -- that study is ongoing, we can characterize where we are. The -- we do not expect at this point that we would need to rotate that study into the Northern Hemisphere. So we will be concluding that safety immunogenicity study enrolling in the Southern Hemisphere. We do expect to run a Phase 3 efficacy study in the Northern Hemisphere in the later part of this year. And so we will be studying Northern Hemisphere comparators this year, but not the current ongoing Phase 3 that is the safety immunogenicity study that we believe could support accelerated approval.
Stephen Hoge: So we haven’t specifically guided on when the data will be available. But generally, as you know, the safety immunogenicity studies after they are enrolled follow a non-inferiority or superiority endpoints at day 29, so one month after this. And so the data will follow shortly once we have completed enrollment. But ultimately we will also want to follow up with the safety data and consult with regulators about their expectations of what sort of follow-up and data they would like to see and so until we have had all of those consultations we will specifically guide on time.
Stephen Hoge: Okay. So I think maybe Arpa, you and I will tag team on the first question then comes to Stephane on the M&A one. So first, maybe on the morbidity of disease and that picture, we do believe that endemic human Coronavirus is point of picture here would suggest there’s going to be seasonal disease, there will unfortunately be breakthrough infection, some hospitalization, even some death and that will happen indefinitely, particularly in those that are higher risk. The question, how we define that higher risk is 55 plus, 50 plus or is it 18 plus with high risk factors or is it broadly, will really depend upon the evolution of the virus. It’s hard to anticipate. But we do believe over time this will become a seasonal market, where boosting and elevating neutralizing protection to prevent breakthrough infections will happen annually in a large population and they will benefit from just like they do for flu or they would for endemic human Coronaviruses. Arpa if you want to comment on how that market evolves.
Stephen Hoge: Yeah. Yeah. So, I think, conceptually, we were obviously very aware with monkeypox concern, and obviously, very sensitive to recent announcements. And so what we are looking to do is understand if we were to develop that program, how would we move it? The purpose of moving it would be to move very quickly, and Stephane, just covered, our platform is pretty well established and our ability to rapidly scale has been demonstrated. And if we were to go after a monkeypox clinical development program, it would be to very quickly progress towards an approvable standard endpoints in a clinical study. And in that sense, we need to engage with regulators and other consultations to determine what that path would be. It’s not a primary or principal discussion to just advance a program and demonstrate in Phase 1 clinical generally. We would really be doing it to try and help generate a public health counter-measure. And to those conversations, we will start to more engage with them. We obviously also recognize, there are other even larger public health threats right now. COVID remains the larger public health threat and many regulators are totally focused on addressing the updated this to work for this fall and so we are respectful of that. But we will engage in those conversations and once we have clarity on whether or not we will go forward given what we think those endpoints will be we will obviously provide it, but at this point, it’s premature to say more, because we have not clarified those endpoints and therefore have not made our own decision about whether we will move the preclinical program into clinical development at this stage.
Arpa Garay: Thank you, Stephen. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone. As the newest member of Moderna Executive Committee, I am excited to see the impact that we have had in COVID, as well as the commercial opportunities ahead for us in COVID, as well as future vaccines and therapeutics in the long run, leveraging our mRNA technology. Turning now to slide 20, where you will see the regional sales mix in second quarter and in the first half of 2022. In the quarter, North American sales were $1.6 billion. These sales were driven by 1273 booster deliveries to the United States as we continue to fulfill our first U.S. Government order with the vast majority now delivered through the end of second quarter this year. In the quarter, we also delivered primary series of the -- for the pediatric group five years and younger as the authorization for this group came through in this quarter. Sales to EMEA were $1.5 billion and sales to Asia-Pacific were $1.1 billion. As you can see across the first two quarters of the year, North American sales were $2.7 billion, sales to EMEA were $3.9 billion and sales to Asia-Pacific region were $3 billion. Of note, for both the three months and six month periods, we saw geographic diversification of sales across these key regions. This diversification is a reflection of how quickly we built out and executed within our global commercial organization. Now turning to slide 21, we are also happy to see that as we continue to scale globally around the world that Spikevax’s market share and the booster market defined as a third or fourth booster continues to show substantial market share. As Stephane has already mentioned, we see on slide 22, our new U.S. Government contracts for the fall of 2022. Specifically, the agreement initially was for 66 million doses of our bivalent COVID booster to be delivered in 2022. Earlier this week, the U.S. Government informed us that they exercised an option for 4 million doses for the pediatric age group. This brings the total contract value to approximately $1.8 billion. Our U.S. Government order includes options to purchase an additional 230 million doses, bringing the total to 300 million doses if all options are exercised. As you heard from Stephane earlier, after FDA guidance, the U.S. fall booster product will be the mRNA-1273.222, which consists of 1273 and the Omicron BA.4/5 subvariant. I want to spend some time on the evolution of the pandemic and the resulting impact on the commercial outlook. Early in the pandemic, we anticipated several factors including the virus evolution, population immunity at any given time and seasonal trends would result in a shift to the endemic setting and we have shared this illustrative graph before. These same factors have and will continue to emphasize the commercial outlook. With the emergence and then dominance of multiple variance at different time points, we have been able to develop booster to address these variants, which includes our bivalent boosters against the Omicron variant. We are currently advancing two bivalent booster candidates for the fall of 2022 based on different market needs. The two bivalent booster candidates we are advancing are the mRNA-1273.214 and mRNA-1273.222. Both contain 25 micrograms of the currently authorized booster 1273 and 25 micrograms of an Omicron subvariant either BA.1 or BA.4/5. Deliveries for these boosters will start in September of this year and will be more heavily weighted to the fourth quarter, as we ramp manufacturing and obtain regulatory authorizations around the world. And to close, as we look to 2023, we are prepared for a shift to the commercial market in the U.S. for COVID boosters, where the market will be more fragmented than it was during the pandemic where the U.S. Government with a sole purchaser of vaccines. The commercial organization has already engaged with commercial payers and the channel, both channel distributors, as well as key pharmacies in anticipation of the shift. Internationally, we expect public health authorities to remain key purchasers of vaccines, but we are also identifying markets where there may be a private commercial market as well. All in all, we are well positioned for the transition as we have invested in building our commercial infrastructure both in the U.S. and globally. With that, I will turn it over to David.
Arpa Garay: And I can take the second question on the $21 billion guidance. From an Advanced Purchase Agreement perspective, we do believe the majority of the market demand is captured in this $21 billion. That being said, we continue to work with countries around the world on potential additional orders for our bivalent vaccines as many countries are continuing to assess their public health needs, as well as their booster population recommendations and considering potential expansions to those populations. So we are feeling pretty good about the $21 billion, but we do continue to work with countries to see if and when there is additional demand for either 214 or the 222 bivalent vaccine.
Arpa Garay: Let me -- so just to reiterate, the $21 billion in Advanced Purchase Agreements does not include any additional COVAX doses to be allocated. So that already reflects a lower demand that we are seeing from the COVAX countries and we anticipate that for the remainder of the year we will see very few additional orders and demands from these countries. In terms of 2023 orders, we have already signed deals with five countries that we have previously announced; the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, Kuwait and Taiwan. We have also signed options with Canada, Switzerland, Taiwan as well. And we are actively having dialog with countries around the world for additional orders in 2023. We will be able to provide additional guidance on what these advanced purchase orders look like later this year or early next year.
Arpa Garay: Sure. I can take that question. In terms of the share, the shares that we reported today are looking at the cumulative share for Spikevax across just the third and fourth boosters, which is a difference compared to some of the data that Pfizer had shared and also looked at the major markets, OECD markets that we plan. So as we think about the majority of where our source of business is coming from. We are seeing substantial market share holds and in some cases even some market share gains year-to-date. Again, focusing just on the booster population, which is where the vast majority of our current and future growth is coming from.
Arpa Garay: So the only comment I would add to that is, we will continue to work closely with Nipah, as well as governments around the world to see how their recommendations evolve for their populations in terms of the populations that are being covered and how often they are recommending booster. So we will continue to work with them and over time see how the demand shape up.
