Stephen Hoge: Sure. Salveen, thanks for the question. So, as you know, the program, the Paramount study for propionic acidemia is going to be looking at biomarkers as a part of its dose optimization. And so, it’s possible that we’ll be seeing very early indicators of impact there. But we are going to — if there is no guarantee that the first dose level and the first cohort that we’re looking at will be the correct one. And we’re going to make sure that we develop a cogent and consistent data set before we bring that forward. It is a dose optimization study and we will perhaps be looking at multiple dose levels. So, while I think it’s possible that we would see data this year, it’s dependent up on many things that are well beyond our control. Now, you asked a more general question also about our broader portfolio, and if you look at the programs more generally, VEGF, as we mentioned, is a Phase 2 program that’s been enrolling for a while. It’s possible we could see data from that. Our PCV and KRAS programs, again, is open label programs, we’ll continue to track those closely as they enroll. And then similarly, intratumoral programs that we highlighted, many of them are ongoing and producing data and, of course, when we have a complete and cogent data set, we will bring it forward.
Stephen Hoge: Sure. Thank you, Matthew, for both questions. So, first, on, I believe, you’re referencing our second-generation vaccine candidate, which is mRNA-1283. It is a shorter construct that we think could have a much longer refrigerant stability profile. As we announced previously, we’ve started enrolling in the Phase 1 in that study, and it’s probably a little bit premature to comment on what we think the regulatory path will look like for that until we get some of that initial data and have conversations, obviously, with regulators. But I would highlight that it’s possible that 1283 may not go into a full primary series vaccination study. It could impact in the future function as a booster. But, again, that’s — it’s probably too early to say we will have to wait until we see that data and ultimately, it will be dependent upon conversations with regulators in the future. As it relates to PA enrollment, yes, as you mentioned, we’ve been working very hard on that over the coming — over the past years and we’re quite pleased to have enrolled the first participant, the first patient in that study. And the team is working hard to enroll additional patients as quickly as possible. I think time will tell whether we’ve actually broken through here and addressed any of the issues that we previously had in terms of enrollment. And so, hopefully, we’ll be able to provide subsequent updates on expanding enrollment in the near term that will demonstrate that we’ve made that progress.
Stephen Hoge: Thank you for the question, Ted. Look, I think we have to start by saying, we don’t know. We do not have data on when to expect waning immunity leading to breakthrough infections. But we do know that there is a raging pandemic that re-infections will happen at some point and the best way to ensure that we do not have renewed outbreaks in well vaccinated countries is to boost and maintain the highest possible levels of neutralizing immunity. We, as Moderna, also believe that that means we want to maintain the broadest neutralizing immunity against the largest number of then circulating variants of concern. If you look at the data that we have posted today, as well as some of our published data and others reports, it does feel like immunity to a primary vaccination series or a previous infection seems to weigh in over the six- to 12-month time horizon, at least as measured by neutralizing titers. Again, we don’t know whether that’s a clinical correlate or not, but it certainly is an indication of that waning immunity. And if you look at the data that we — that I presented earlier, approximately half of the participants in our booster studies, no longer have detectable neutralizing immunity against the variants of concern. They have neutralizing immunity against the ancestral strain that they were vaccinated against. So the logical thing we think to do is to boost their immunity against those variants of concern, if you will vaccinate them against those to both increase those titers right now, but also give them a longer duration of protection, perhaps long enough that we can see our way through the pandemic. That probably looks like boosting on a nine to 12-month after primary series as an annual booster for now, at least while we’re continuing to see the evolution of the virus. Now, the last point was about our strategy, more generally here, and we do believe that the virus is not going to follow one path of evolution that we are going to see many variants of concern that there may be divergent paths. And therefore, the best way to ensure that we can protect against the broadest number of variants of concern will be a multi-valent vaccine. Right now, we’re still waiting to see our multi-valent vaccine data, which is a combination, as you know, of ancestral and 351 and the strain first identified in South Africa. But we think this is just the beginning, and we think we’re going to be unfortunately continuing to fight this pandemic through 2022, at least globally. And therefore, we are committed, as a Company, to make as many updates to the vaccine, to add as many variants as we think are necessary to ensure that when people receive a booster, it provides the broadest immune protection against the widest range of variants.
Stephen Hoge: Yeah. So thank you, again, Michael, for the question. So, on our multi-valent strategy, we have — at this point, we are still waiting for the clinical data to confirm that. And then we expect to have that shortly, as we’ve mentioned, we previously dosed people with the mRNA-1273.211 variant. The preclinical data that we have published does — are presented and does suggest that that is going to be the winning approach. And as I highlighted or as is highlighted by the mono-valent clinical data we already have, there is a benefit to adding additional antigens and potentially therefore benefit with a multi-valent approach. I think it’s important to recognize that we view this is an ongoing battle. And so, your question about when do we pull the trigger and move forward bivalent manufacturing? We’re already on the path of doing that manufacturing, not because we think that we’re done with mRNA-1273.211, the current bivalent vaccine, but because we think we’re going to go down the path of multi-valent vaccines and continue needing to add things. And so, that platform capability, we are already in the process of building and establishing to support multiple updates to a multi-valent vaccine. And we do think that’s going to be required, because we think the virus is not going to standstill and stop evolving, and we suspect there is going to be trivalent, maybe quadrivalent. It will keep happening in the time ahead. We have completed GMP manufacturing of all of those batches and we’re at sufficient scale we think to be able to quickly move into commercial scale distribution if needed. But at this point, we are still waiting for data to come shortly to confirm that performance in clinic.
Stephen Hoge: Thank you, Jeff. Those are both good questions. So, maybe I’ll take the first one. First, which is our real world evidence the largest amount of it that we’ve seen has been published by groups like the CDC and continues to reinforce that the efficacy we saw in the clinical trial seems to be translating well into real world use with very high efficacy against disease — against COVID-19. I think it’s important to note, though, that this is all happening very acutely, right? We are still only months away into our — months into these vaccination campaigns. And the primary concern that we and others have from a public health perspective is, really not what’s going to happen right after vaccination, but what does this look like in nine months? What does this look like in 18 months? And I think the really difficult situation everybody is in, is you could say, well, let’s wait until it’s a year from now, and we see in a reemergence of spikes of cases we see maybe it’s not as bad, but we see a very big in bad flu season in the winters, tens of thousands, maybe hundreds of thousands of death, that kind of scale. That’s not a situation that most are willing to take a risk on because it obviously could be substantially worse than that. And so, we’re probably not going to have a chance to wait for data for cases to really breakthrough a year from after vaccination in the real world setting and let that start to guide re-vaccination decisions. At that point, it’s almost too late. And so, I think at this at this level, we think for the very near term the correct and sort of conservative decision is to continue to try and maintain the highest level of broadest immunity in the populations that are well vaccinated already. Now, if you look beyond this sort of epidemic phase and pandemic phase that we’re in with this variant evolution into the years beyond that, so three, four, five years from now, hopefully, we’re well past the current pandemic. We still believe there’s going to be SARS-Cov-2 re-infections and, as we shared at the Vaccines Day just a couple of weeks ago, we take that lesson from the previous endemic coronavirus epidemics that have happened, where hundreds of years later, and you still see re-infections mortality, substantial healthcare cost associated with those viruses and we don’t know whether SARS-CoV-2 is worse than them or the same, but we believe that that burden of disease that’s created by the fact that respiratory viruses continually re-infect and when they do, they can really have a devastating effect in high-risk populations, particularly older immunocompromised. We think that’s a real probability in the future, in fact, it would almost be unprecedented for that not to be the case in the coronavirus context. And so, for that reason, we believe there is going to be a need for continual boosters, whether it’s annual or not, and whether the multi-valency continues to add more and more valencies, I don’t think anybody can say it. But it’s certainly a situation we’re preparing for.
Stephen Hoge: Yeah, Geoff. I’m sorry. Yeah. I apologize. And this is your second question, on different modalities and different parts of the entry [ph] So, I think what is pretty clear from all of vaccines, if you look across them, but certainly if you focus on the messenger RNA vaccines is that, the high degree of efficacy we’re seeing in vaccines right now is based on the spike protein immunogenicity. That is the antigens being expressed. Is it theoretically possible that non-spike antigens could have provided the same protection? I think it’s definitely possible, so forward looking possible. But I think you would be remiss to look past the multiple large Phase 3 trials that provide pretty conclusive evidence of the value of going after spike protein trying to prevent COVID-19. So, I think you would probably, if you went down that route, you have to re-demonstrate that efficacy, that may be increasingly difficult in a world where we have so many good choices in terms of vaccines. And so, I’m not exactly sure how we go down that path, yeah, even theoretically.
Stephen Hoge: Thanks, Hartaj. I’ll take a stab at the first one and then hand it to David for the other. So, on 50 micrograms, obviously, the data we shared today is a small number of subjects. But we previously shared and published our Phase 2 data on a slightly larger number of subjects looking at a 50 microgram primary series, that looked quite good and at least as measured by immunogenicity seem to achieve levels that were consistent with the 100 microgram dose. So, it’s certainly something we’re going to look at as to whether or not we could pursue a 50 microgram primary series. But how we get there, will depend upon data that we don’t yet have. Right? So, we will have to look at whether there are clear correlates of protection that we can use to bridge between those doses and/or we’ll have to look at different populations in which we started those doses. As an example, this has been shared, we are evaluating 50 micrograms as a potential primary series even in pediatric populations, as you can imagine, you don’t need perhaps a higher dose in younger people than you do in older ones. So, there’s a lot of things ahead of us in terms of looking at whether or not a primary series for 50 micrograms is possible. Certainly, for a booster series that is the top dose at which we’re looking. And as we look forward, we will continue to carefully evaluate whether or not we can adapt that as a target dose across all of our applications. But it will depend upon data.
Stéphane Bancel: Yes. Just a point to add to Stephen on the multi-valent strategy, a lot of people don’t have pushed it is, it is not easy to do a multi-valent mRNA GMP product from an analytical QC standpoint, because those mRNAs are the same size. They look mostly similar because you just change a few — I mean, a few nucleic acid and that takes time. And it’s where the platform comes to have so much value. As you all know, we have a CMV vaccine on its way to Phase 3, where we developed and as we find over the years, a very complex product, 6 mRNA in the same variant. And so, if you think about what the multi-valent vaccine for COVID is going to look like. It’s not going to be easier. So for people who have not done multi-valent in GMP setting before, trust me, the regulators, because we’ve had these discussion with regulators around CMV over years. They don’t want to see a lot of analytical method characterization, so that you can prove to them that you know what is in the pipe. And that is yet again another big differentiation with Moderna. Thank you, Mike.
Stéphane Bancel: Sure. Thanks, Stephen. So, Gena, on the contract manufacturers, I would kind of look at kind of raw material, drug substance and drug products. In all of these, we have multi-year contracts. As soon as we get Board authorization to go to a 3 billion supply for 2022, we right away send a lot of orders and a lot of additional supplies to our suppliers. And not to forget, the drug substance, actually, now this is the place, it is a Moderna site where we actually have the biggest capacity of drug substance even in the 3 billion doses 2022 scenario.
Stéphane Bancel: Yeah. On the pricing, I will give you any color, but again, there is no more discussion at all, but your price is this and there is a small company. The company will price at cost at $3. This discussion is gone.
Stéphane Bancel: Yes. It’s Stephane. So, with 1273 [ph] ramp has been constrained by manufacturing capacity. So, if you look at this year, the only reason we quote-unquote only supply 100 million to those in Q1, which is an extraordinary number is because we are building the capacity. And so, the way to think about it is, as Juan and his team are working hard to add new lines and to increase the capacity, the ramps of a follow-on products will be much faster because today manufacturing is slowing down the ramp. So, I anticipate that, as you think about the multi-variant booster launches, as we think about RSV through CMV launch, we will not be on the backfoot. As you know, as part of our 2020 budget that we did at the end of 2019, we didn’t plan for pandemic. We were supposed to be commercial several years down the road. And so, the team has done a remarkable job to get to this point, but we are — and we’re going to stay for, I would anticipate all of the year supply constraint. Corinne and her team would love to be able to sell more products because, trust me, their phone is turning red hot by calls from around the planet. And we would lover to be able to help protect more people, but we just can’t because we were not planning on the pandemic in 2020. So I anticipate that for variants and for new product launch, we will make sure that we’re not capacity constrained, which is why the 3 billion supply volume that some people might think it maybe too aggressive. As I said in my remarks, the pipeline of the companies are still going to pay with these. And so, this is just behind the multi-valent vaccine. So if you look at a couple of years out, and we’re not building manufacturing for six months. We’re going to be really happy to have that capacity so that as we launch products, we can supply the market every single dose that Corinne and her team can make sure that the market wants.
Stéphane Bancel: Yes, it’s a good question. So, as we said, the plan was always the plan we are executing on. And so, when we spoke to countries and set up those 21 APAs, we manage the quarter — delivery to the countries as we knew capacity will come online. We had not anticipated early part of the year that we will be able to export from the US. And the piece we should not forget is, as you know, it’s reported in the MediaDaily, the US is going to be, I mean, way too many vaccine very, very soon, if not, already. And so, the capacity that we are building in the US and we are adding is also going to supply the world. So, I think once we’d anticipate a very big acceleration of shipments, two countries outside the US as we go into Q2 and even more in Q3 and Q4 as we met our obligation to the US government.
Stéphane Bancel: Correct. In the US and you see it on the daily numbers published by the CDC for, I think, since mid-April roughly the number of vaccination per day in the country is going down, and it is not because of supply, if you look at the shipments coming from the companies, they keep increasing exactly as we have been saying. And so, now there is an oversupply of vaccine. It’s really a demand-driven problem now. So you see some states across the country that are still very active in vaccination. And we are looking, as we said, that we have very high rate of vaccination is going up every day with elder parts of the country, as you know, where they have way too many vaccine. As you have heard that the federal government I think yesterday or before has announced that they were going to stop to shift products from one place to the other based on actual demand and this were leading to vaccine as you going to see. The US doesn’t have a supply of vaccine issue anymore. That was true in January, it is not true anymore.
Stéphane Bancel: Thank you so much for participating in today’s call and for the great questions. We look forward to seeing you at Science Day on May 27. Stay safe, everybody. Have a nice day. Bye.
David Meline: Yeah. So, cost of goods and operating expense trends as in 2022 and beyond, I guess, what I’d say is, it’s a little early to start giving that kind of guidance for 2022. What I would say is that, if you look at our cost of goods and the cost of goods manufacturing thus far, we’ve been quite pleased with what we’re seeing as we’ve ramped up production initially here in the US. We’ve seen, as I said, yields have been better than we had foreseen as we did the initial planning. So that’s obviously very helpful. And we reiterated today we think right now the right planning assumption continues to be 20% cost of goods. As you move beyond 2021, you get into a question of vaccines versus therapeutics, we think cost of goods manufactured will be very competitive for this product, and therefore, margins — and the gross margins will depend very much on price levels, which I think it’s early to comment on. And then in terms of operating expenses, we are building out the Company. We continue to do that. And as I mentioned, we — while our overall operating expenses were quite stable at $0.5 billion in the first quarter, we do see that trending up as we now move through the year. And we’ll continue to invest appropriately to drive the portfolio investment and to build out globally. So, I would say, we’ll continue to do that, and we’ll give you better and more precise guidance here as we move closer to 2022 and beyond.
David Meline: Yeah. So CapEx, if I understand the question is guidance for 2022 and beyond on CapEx, and again, unfortunately it’s a bit early to be able to comment. We — if you look now, we’ve increased our guidance for this year based on the development side that occurred over the last couple of months. Is that a steady state going forward into the future? I think for a company of what will be our size and scope and level of vertical integration, I think it’s reasonable to expect that we’ll continue to invest in our own capacity and therefore, you can expect we’ll have ongoing CapEx. Is it precisely in this range or somewhat above or below? I really wouldn’t want to give you that precision as of yet because we’re — it’s not clear yet. But I think an ongoing CapEx trend will be appropriate for the Company. In terms of COGS, I think that’s the right way to think about the cost of manufacturing this product, it will be impacted at some level by the amount of materials in the product. But when you’re talking about micrograms of materials, it’s really not that significant. So, I think you can as the simplest assumption assume, it’s a pretty steady cost of manufacture as we’re seeing right now.
David Meline: Yeah. So, in terms of the expenses we incurred in the first quarter, including in commercial, yeah, we had some one-time expenses to set-up businesses around the world, but the preponderance of the total operating expenses, including in commercial, I would say, will continue. And therefore, that’s why I gave you some guidance that if you start at that $0.5 billion spend level in the first quarter in the fourth of last year, we’re expecting now to see that trend up notably as we move forward through the year, which we thought it would start sooner, but we now expect will start in the second quarter. So, running a business of this size on a global basis, we think that that spend level is quite reasonable, to be honest.
