Stéphane Bancel: Thank you, Lavina. Good morning or good afternoon. As you know, we believe that mRNA has the potential to become a new class of medicines. And since Moderna's inception, we have worked hard to be the company that could become the leader in this field. We believe our mRNA medicines have a potential to address large unmet medical needs and to treat diseases that are not addressable by recombinant proteins or small molecules. Due to the platform nature of mRNA, we believe our mRNA medicines provide a higher probability of technical success and faster timelines to clinical trials and to the market relative to traditional medicines.  We also believe that the manufacturing capital intensity of mRNA is materially lower than recombinant proteins. We have, of course, the manufacturing at commercial scale. We will be similar to small molecule injectable in order to achieve and deliver on our goals, we continue to focus on managing the risk, especially technology risk and biology risk. We believe that programs will be in the same modality of similar technology risk, meaning that once we derisk a sentinel program, they are important breakthroughs. We believe our chikungunya antibody program will be an important clinical readout, as it uses the same formulation technology as our MMA program, our most advanced rare disease candidate. As articulated before, our corporate focus is on 3 priorities: one, to execute on the development pipeline; two, to move new development candidates in existing modalities from the lab into the clinic; and three, to continue to invest new development candidates in new modalities.  I will review our progress against our priority 1 on the next slide in a minute. On priority 2, we are happy to announce today a new development candidate with the potential to address the rare genetic disease, glycogen storage disease type 1a or GSD1a in a systemic intracellular modality. Stephen will provide you with an overview of the disease and our preclinical data.  And priority 3, Stephen will give you a brief summary from yesterday annual Science Day presentations where we presented ongoing insights into our mRNA and delivery science that included the potential delivery of our mRNA to white blood cells. While we have additional research to perform in this area, we look forward to being able to bring candidates into development as we continue working to help patients with a wide range of serious diseases. Tal will give you an update about the modality in a minute, but I would like to focus on 3 programs: RSV, VZV and GSD1a.  RSV first. As you know, our strategy across the portfolio is to create best medicine, the best medicine we can, taking advantage of mRNA flexibility and the speed with which we can advance new development candidates. We've also report Merck has been advancing an improved version of its RSV vaccine with enhanced preclinical potency and a proprietary formulation developed by Merck. For this new candidate, mRNA-1172, Merck has filed an IND. We'll note that mRNA-1172 is now reflected in our pipeline, along with MRN-1777 which is now paused in its development.  Merck and Moderna believe that mRNA-1172 is an improved development candidate and gives the company the highest chance of bringing a new potent RSV vaccine to people in need. Tal will share more preclinical data in a moment, but we're looking forward to the start of the Phase 1 study.  We'll then look at the clinical data from both studies of 1177 -- sorry, 1172 and 1777 and decide which development candidates to move into Phase II.  Now let me come to VZV. Based on the assessments of the commercial opportunity, research priorities and other factors, Merck has discontinued preclinical development for mRNA-1278, the investigational medicine for VZV, the virus that causes shingles. Merck has returned the rights back to Moderna and the company will not continue development at this time. Let me now close by a brief note around GSD1a. We are very pleased to work with another development candidate that is moving into GSP tox in our systemic intracellular therapeutic modality and our team, as you can imagine, are working hard to get these medicines to patients as soon as we can.  With this, let me now turn to Tal to give you more granularity on our pipeline.
Stéphane Bancel: This is Stéphane, I am going to take your first question and Stephen will be talk about gene therapy. So as we indicated since early 2018, rare disease is an important point of focus for the company, obviously because of the unmet medical need, because of a quick path to approval, and also because what we believe is a lower biology risk against some of the things we're trying to do. So as you know, as we beat the pipeline of the company, as I said in my introduction remarks, we focus very much on managing risk. And so the way we think about our pipeline now in development is, we have some very interesting vaccine in infectious disease that got a big unmet medical need that I think we have a [indiscernible] to be able to help a lot of people.  With five other programs now we think we have a nice portfolio of IO and what we were looking for is great execution in the clinic to see what we can do for patients with those programs. And given the more "straightforward" biology of rare disease where clearly missing instruction for the DNA, and as you have seen in a lot of publication work that we have done, there's very exciting preclinical model data. We really want to focus on rare diseases and this is consistent with the strategy we are outlining now and 1.5 years ago. And also what you saw at the ASGCT a few weeks ago, there's a lot of work going on there. This is a very important area for the company.
Stéphane Bancel: Well, thank you very much for joining us today and for your questions. We look forward to talking and to seeing many of you in the coming weeks, including at the ASCO around the PCV posters. Have a great day.
Stephen Hoge: Sure. Obviously, we're pretty excited about that one, the 1172 and we're really pleased that Merck's filed the IND already, and it's moving quickly. You saw the summary of the data in primates. It's been hard to argue with the substantial improvement that we demonstrated there. 1777, just referencing that slide, shows superior titers to a natural RSV infection, which was there in gray. But 1172 was qualitatively and quantitatively several-fold higher. And so in the face of those improvements, we felt compelled and that it makes a ton of sense to move forward. Now what are those improvements just quickly, I think, you hit on them, Matt, but the first is antigen design. This is still a pre-fusion F protein, but it's been further stabilized to improve potency and immunogenicity, so that's a desirable feature. And then the second scientific improvement went into the program, obviously, is the switch from a legacy lipid nanoparticle to a Merck proprietary formulation, that has some improved features.  Those improved features, I'll let Merck talk about at a future date, but we think they are a part of what's happening in terms of the improvement here. And ultimately, the combination of antigen and formulation leads to the qualitative improvement you see there. It does, at this point, mean a pause to 1777 moving to Phase IIa as described, but as far -- our goal is the best RSV vaccine possible, with the highest probability of success and as much as we wanted to see the 1777 data, it's clearly the right answer to look for 1172 first, given the multifold improvement that's been demonstrated in African green monkeys.  In general, our experience has translated and you know that well. Things that we've been able to see in terms of preclinical species like primates for vaccines has translated into humans. So if this translates in Phase I relatively quickly for 1172, which we hope and expect it will, this is the vaccine that we should advance further in development to Phase II and Phase III.
Stephen Hoge: So we continue -- with any program we advance, we're always looking at whether there are improvements. And yes, there are always -- there sometimes can be small improvements you can make. I think the question gets more complicated where you start to see 5-fold improvements kind of like we're talking here with 1172 where qualitatively that improvement is so strong and in the background of what's been happening in RSV vaccines more generally, it makes sense to bring the best vaccine forward first and quickly, particularly when you are this close after the lead, in this case 1777. That isn't something that we can predict happening broadly across many programs or efforts. And in general, as you can see with other vaccines in our pipeline, we haven't been doing this. And so just pointing at the history here, it's more of by exception a situation where this has been happening and that's probably what we would expect about the future.
Stephen Hoge: Sure. So the two questions. So first on the ASGCT abstracts, 5 of which were presented to a wide range of academic collaborators and institutions, as you saw. We do have a very active research collaborations with academia across a very wide range of rare diseases. What you saw was a sampling of that activity, but it was ready for presentation by many of the academic labs. By participating with those folks, we absolutely commit to them being able to present that data at the appropriate fora as well as publish it. And so you will see a steady flow of those sorts of things, that doesn't necessarily translate into our portfolio strategy or programs that we're taking forward into development. I'll point to our own publication record there, even in the last couple of years, there was a number of programs that we published in high-impact journals that are not currently in our development pipeline.  What we choose to take into development goes through a different series of filters in terms of prioritization as well as our view on unmet need and developability. So I can't comment on whether or not you should expect those things to be translating forward, and in fact, I would only say that you should expect to continue to see a large amount of that activity both in publication and presentation collaborations with academia.  Onto the 1172 delivery vehicle, so we -- obviously, we've had a multiyear collaboration with Merck where we do talk a lot about things we're learning to enable the best development of the programs we're partnering with on them, including the vaccines like RSV. We -- I can't comment specifically on the improvements that went into the 1172 formulations that Merck was developing, but -- or is developing, but obviously we published last year in a paper on our website, Tasset et al, some of the deficiencies with the legacy lipid nanoparticle formulations in terms of local tolerability in the vaccine context. That underpinned a lot of our efforts to -- several years ago to develop our own proprietary lipid nanoparticle delivery technologies that are actually already in programs like CMV and hMPV PIV. RSV had started before that as an effort and so as we shared that data with Merck long before we published it, they made their own determinations about what that might mean for that development program. And as I said, I'll let them, at the appropriate time, talk about any improvements in specifics, but obviously, they are aware of all of work together. Now we do share information back and forth. I think part of your question was do we collaborate on these things, and obviously, we do. We were sharing that information with Merck long before the publication, and as they make improvements and step-forwards in formulation then that becomes a two way street, and so we're excited about it.
Stephen Hoge: Yes. And on GSD1a, and gene therapy specifically -- or generally, we -- starting with mRNA, our focus is on dose-dependent pharmacology. I think the defining feature of our platform is our ability to have predictable dose-dependent pharmacology. You give a dose today, you get a response. You give it next week, you get the same response. If you need a more response tomorrow, I give twice the dose, you should expect to get twice the response and that's what we mean by sort of dose-dependent pharmacology functions like a traditional drug. We focus a lot of our rare disease efforts in metabolic diseases where you would expect the needs of the patient based on metabolism will change over time. Sometimes in a week, sometimes over years as they age. And in particular, as they're growing and young can be highly dynamic. And so we focus on looking at the disease like GSD1a, mRNA is another example of this, where we are expecting to need to titrate to the dose response that's desirable to manage that disease.  Now there are, as you mentioned, a gene therapy approach going after GSD1a as we speak and we really don't view those as necessarily competitive. In fact, we think these are different tools that physicians will use hopefully in combination for different purposes to help patients manage this disease. We can easily imagine a world where sort of analogous to insulin is sort of basal long-acting forms, but you're still managing the disease day in, day out with -- by testing blood glucose for week in, week out by controlling for it. That would give, frankly, the physician we hope that -- personally, I would hope that they're successful and we're successful because more tools for clinicians as they are treating patients will be a great thing. So we don't necessarily view it as competitive. We view it as adjunctive and we're focusing on different areas of pharmacology.
Tal Zaks: And Matthew, this is Tal. In terms of time lines, if you look historically, it typically takes you 12 to 18 months for a Phase I vaccine trial. It's done in healthy volunteers, so it's a fairly straightforward simple design. I can't give you a forward-looking guidance here, but I would note that Merck has recently filed its IND and they will be leading the execution of this trial. Obviously, the team there knows what they're doing in terms of vaccine trials.
Tal Zaks: This is Tal. The trial that's currently designed has 4 dose levels, that was predicted based on our expectation that translates the data from the nonhuman primate that you've seen. I think, we're on track with that design. We've been enrolling fairly consistently, and as we said, we're at the second dose level.
Tal Zaks: This is Tal. I mean, just to add a couple of points. I think it's one of the fascinating things of beauty of our platform that we have relatively rapid improvements and that the coding-like nature of mRNA lends itself to those improvements. So if you look at our history, for example, in the personalized cancer vaccine, we've been able to take it to the next level by increasing the number of neoantigens from 20 to 34. And as the team worked through what that means both in terms of mRNA length and sequence optimization, we found a way within the clinic to actually introduce that within the current clinical paradigm. Now, of course, the PCV is a unique type of drug in that regard and I give the FDA a lot of credit for working with us to enable that. So where we can, we always try to optimize for the best medicine that we can and it depends on the specifics of the product as to what's the best way to do it.
Tal Zaks: So as you will see in the preclinical data that as we said that's recently been accepted for publication, so it should come out soon, the target expression for this antibody is about 1 microgram per mL in terms of what we think is going to be a therapeutic concentration or a concentration that will -- should prevent from infection based on the totality of the preclinical data. And that was easily achieved within the dose levels that we've cleared for in the toxicology studies and the preclinical studies. So from a target product profile for this application what we're shooting for is 1 microgram per mL. If you look at where most therapeutic antibodies live in terms of concentrations, if you pull the FDA label for REMICADE, the trough levels are between 0.5 per microgram per mL and about 6 microgram per mL. So it's within the range of what monoclonal antibodies have achieved for therapeutic levels from many indications.
Tal Zaks: Yes, so this is Tal. It does not actually change, in my view, one iota how we think of CMV or what we're doing about CMV. I think if you look at the totality of our data, to date, we've shown a pretty consistent safety and tolerability profile across the 1,000 or so healthy volunteers that have been dosed across the various programs. And so now, it's about figuring out the best vaccine and the best dose for any given application. In that regard, CMV -- the dose for CMV and the activity for CMV needs to be defined in the context of a CMV clinical trial. I can't give you a forward guidance. Obviously, clinical trials are at the mercy of a lot of external factors, but if you look at our past performance and if you see where this trial is, you can sort of connect the dots. And we're at the fourth dose level here. The goal with this vaccine is really to -- since it's a Phase I and you're dose escalating, we want to make sure, we're getting a good sense of what would be a tolerable profile to take forward. And so as we continue to dose escalate, at some point, we will say, okay, we think we've reached the bar for what should be tolerable. That's how you defined it in the Phase I; at which point, we'll wait and make sure that we understand the immunogenicity and then we'll show the data.
Tal Zaks: Yes. So as we said, we're -- the IND has been open for a couple of months now. It takes you time to talk to sites, initiate the sites. The first cohort here following discussions with regulators is going to be adolescents, aged 12 to 18. So obviously, we're in active discussion with the sites to get them initiated, get the study ongoing. And at the same time, talking to the investigators and even the patient advocacy groups here to try and identify the patients.  In terms of the dosing regimen that you asked, this is sort of a traditional dose exploration. We're going in from the very first dose in this disease at a dose that can be effective. It's one of the requirements to do a pediatric development. And so even at the initial starting dose, which is 0.2 milligrams per kilogram, we think we -- there's an opportunity to have benefit and we'll dose escalate from there based on the totality of tolerability and what we see in terms of biomarker effect.
Tal Zaks: So I think the Phase I -- the goal is to demonstrate obviously tolerability, safety and immunogenicity. In our case, the critical pieces to be able to demonstrate the immunogenicity against both components of this vaccine. As you would recall, we both have a complex pentameric protein here, which I think is a unique feature you can do with mRNA and against gB, so we need to figure that out. Now in terms of a full development path, I think there is work ahead of us to talk to FDA and other regulators to understand this is obviously a very high unmet need, but it is an unmet need within a context that's obviously challenging to develop, which is trying to prevent maternal transmission to babies in utero is what we're trying to achieve here at the end of the day. Getting there is not simple. Over the years, there have been various discussions of other companies with the FDA, so there is a good body of precedent for what full development looks like. We're just starting down the path of those conversations. I will say that the effort on our side is led by Wellington Sun as you may recall, he was the prior Division Director for Vaccines for FDA for the past decade before joining our team. So he is very busy these days actually putting this together, discussing with other experts in the field and planning on that next set of conversations to understand what that full development path would look like.
Tal Zaks: So look, it's hard for me to comment on a trial that's in progress. The data continues to come in, and we're obviously evaluating it on an ongoing basis. I can tell you that we're at the second dose level. As a reminder, for OX40 ligand alone, for the membrane protein, we got up to 8-milligram, which was the intended dose and that seemed to be tolerated well. So in terms of the contribution of OX40 ligand itself and the lipids nanoparticle delivery technology, I'm pretty comfortable with their tolerability profile. I think your question is correct with locally secreted cytokines, do you get to a level that is worrisome? I don't know yet. I would point that the preclinical data in totality was pretty supportive of going to much higher doses. I think that's the unique ability of mRNA to set up this local paracrine effect within the tumor with minimal spillover into the blood. These are obviously things we'll measure, so we will be looking at the expression of these proteins, both in the tumors and systemically to see if they're detectable. We will be looking at the typical safety parameters [indiscernible] labs, et cetera. It's frankly, too early to say.
Tal Zaks: Geoff, this is Tal. It's a great question. This disease is a different one, as you rightly point out. The unmet need here is -- it's not just the multiple organs that are affected, if you think about the patient experience and the quality of life, it's the frequent feeding at night, but if you actually meet one of these patients, which I had the opportunity to sit down, when I sit for a meeting for 2 hours, I typically take a cup of coffee. A GSD1a patient who sits for a 2-hour meeting needs to have a cup of cornstarch that they're drinking. And if you think about that day in, day out your entire life, there's obviously a high unmet need there that's manifest in many dimensions.  Now to your point about regulatory path and endpoints, I think it's still early days. This is just the declaration of our intent in the development candidate, there's work ahead of us. We have to go talk to the agency. We have to go figure out the strategy for the Phase I first and then we have to understand what is going to be the development path to bring and demonstrate that we can actually impact not just the basic biology of these diseases, as you've shown quite remarkably, I think in the mouse model, but actually, how do we demonstrate that we're able to address all those manifold manifestations of this disease spanning from the biochemistry all through the quality of life, preventing relatively rare but very severe events, but at the same time actually changing their day-to-day quality of life in a much more consistent fashion. That's a lot of work that's still ahead of us.
Tal Zaks: So the -- you know it's a medical meeting. You like to show the data that you have, I'll point to you that the -- to the abstracts once they will be live I think in a couple of weeks, so they will describe the contents of the data that we will be sharing there.
