Stéphane Bancel: Thank you, Lavina, and good morning, everyone. We are committed to building mRNA as a new class of medicines with Moderna positioned to remain the leader in the field. As you know, we believe our mRNA medicine have a potential to help patients by addressing large unmet medical needs and treating diseases that are not addressable by recombinant proteins or small molecules. Due to the platform nature of mRNA, we believe mRNA medicines provide a higher probability of technical success and faster timelines to clinical trials compared to traditional medicines. We also believe that the manufacturing capital intensity of mRNA is materially lower of a recombinant protein and the cost of manufacturing at commercial scale will be similar to small molecule injectables. We continue to focus on managing risk across the portfolio, especially technology and biology risk. In the quarter, we were proud to share positive Phase I data for two important milestones of CMV vaccine and our antibody against the chikungunya virus-delivered IV. We show that we successfully immunized seronegative subjects with CMV and boosted seropositives. We plan to start a Phase 2 study very soon. The GMP material has already been made and the study protocol has been submitted to the FDA. As a frame of interim results of our Phase 2 trial, we should be able to make the decision for Phase 3 dose. The team is already spending a lot of energy to plan for our Phase 3 study. We believe our CMV vaccine could, if approved, change the future of thousands of children around the world by preventing birth defects. Moderna owns the global commercial rights to the CMV vaccine. We also presented data from the first-ever mRNA-encoded antibody in a human study. We are very proud of this major scientific achievement and we are eager to move forward with the MMA and PA clinical studies soon. Both of these rare disease programs use the same delivery technology as the one in the antibody program. If we step back and look at the body of clinical data of over the last three-and-a-half years we have come a long way. We started 16 Phase 1 trials. We dose and maintained 1,400 subjects and patients. We repeat dose up to eight doses of mRNA up to three weeks apart in our OX40 Ligand and PCV trials. Additionally, across the five modalities for which we have human data, we have consistently shown that our mRNA medicines are well tolerated, results in consistent protein expression in humans, encode for protein that are functional in humans and translate from pre-clinical models into humans. These findings are very important. They assure that our technology investments are paying off. We believe we are at an important inflection point in the company's history. Five out of the first five modalities have found success in the clinic. That was not easy. Nobody is obvious that this would be the case. Two critical factors explained it for me: one, the quality of our science; two, the quality of our CMC including manufacturing, technical development and quality. One of my mentors at Eli Lilly, the late Dr. Gus Watanabe, who was President of Lilly Research Labs once told me, Stéphane, it takes great science to make important medicines. With okay science, well, good luck. We are very humbled to be named for the fifth year in a row among the best employers around the world by Science. To be a Science 2019 top employers speaks loudly of a culture we have established in our scientific teams, for mRNA platform or drug discovery and also process development and manufacturing. We are more than ever committed to be the best mRNA company in the world. It requires the right culture. And being named to this list five years in a row by our Moderna colleagues, seems to signal we are on the right path. mRNA science is not easy. It requires great collaboration from many disciplines with the right capabilities around the table. We think that with more than 300 scientific colleagues we have scale. We believe it is very hard to be a great mRNA science with a much smaller team. We, of course, also recognize that great science is being done outside of our walls. As such, a key part of our strategy is to collaborate on research with leading academic and medical centers around the world. We have over the years established over 15 collaborations. Our more recent research collaboration with Harvard is centered around developing new medicines for immunological diseases. On slide nine, you see our current European pipeline. Three important milestones in Q3 to note. The PCV Phase 1 randomized trial has begun. We reported positive CMV Phase 1 data. We reported positive result from our antibody program. The first subject has been dosed in the age de-escalation cohort of a Phase 1b of the hMPV/PIV3 vaccine. Zika received fast track designation by the FDA, PA has an open IND by the FDA and recently got fast track designation as well. Let me now turn to Tal to review our clinical progress.
Stéphane Bancel: Yes. So, thank you. This is Stéphane. So, I mean if you look at the company history, as you know we have done a lot of partnership. On the last 12 months, you might have observed we have been quiet a lot of issues because we are very busy. We're preparing the IPO and then spending a lot of time on the road as a newly public company. But if you look at what the team has achieved and what we believe a platform can provide in term of new medicines for patients, we have a primal abundance which is a wonderful point to have in this industry. And so, we think that we cannot take all the drugs that are coming from Stephen's team on the platform into the clinic by ourselves. And so, we will continue to have dialogue with biopharmaceutical companies. If you look at the company history, we work around the clock there of our capital since inception of the company through partnerships. And we think this is a wonderful way to tap capabilities that we don't have to tap capital that we don't have and to just increase the opportunities of getting Moderna's mRNA medicines to patients and to a finish line. And so, we anticipate to continue to have new partnership set up in the quarters to come.
Stéphane Bancel: So, I mean speaking to what we have done before is looking at where do we have expertise and keep us looking at biology risk. So, this is what we're selling for.
Stéphane Bancel: Yes. Thank you very much for joining us today and for your questions. We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming weeks and at the JPM conference in January. We also wanted to share with you that we are planning to start an Annual Day focused on manufacturing and digital. This new Investor Day will complement our Science Day which usually happen in the spring and the R&D Day usually in September. So, 2020 manufacturing and digital events will be held at our Norwood plant on the afternoon of March 4 on the back end of a Cowen conference in Boston. Juan Andres who leads our Technical Development, Manufacturing and Quality; as well as Marcello Damiani our Chief Digital Officer will host the event. They will share with you what the progress their team have made in 2019 and the new initiatives they will do in 2020. We hope to see many of you on the afternoon March 4, in Norwood. Have a nice day.
Tal Zaks: Thank you Matthew. This is Tal. Let me address both of your questions. You're right on MMA. We have not yet dosed our first subject. We as noted initially FDA had requested that we limit the first three subject to ages 12 and above and before we can proceed to the children that are young as – as young as one year old, where the highest unmet need is. And I think we found in opening the sites and trying to enroll this that there are several factors that come into play. By the time somebody gets to be an adolescent, if their disease has been severe they've often had a liver transplant. In fact liver transplants in the U.S. are recommended between the age of a 1 year in preschool. And when a kid with MMA shows up for liver transplant they move to the top of the queue, so there's not much waiting. Those who don't get a liver transplant often suffer from kidney deterioration and do a Phase I trial with really abnormal kidney function. So we have gone back in the summer as noted to discuss with FDA, lowering the age criteria. They had agreed to take it down to the ages of eight and above. And while we're still in dialogue with them about that the amendment to enable us to do that has just recently opened at some of the leading institutions. And I look forward to enrolling the first subject soon. It has been a challenge for all those factors that I alluded to. But I think between lowering the age and now being open at some of the select institutions we should see progress soon. Now you'd asked me about the chikungunya and when do you expect to see data? This is a healthy volunteer trial. So we had gone back to the safety monitoring committee aligned with them on the next steps and we're actively working with the site to get the next cohorts enrolled. So as soon as data will become available and we understand what it is, we have we'll be sharing it with you. Being a healthy volunteer trial it should move relatively quickly.
Tal Zaks: Thank you, Ted. This is Tal. I'll take that question. So a couple of points. First in terms of size and timing, the Phase II is about 250 subjects or so. The design is really meant to confirm the dose and give us more color on both immunogenicity and safety and tolerability, so that we are able to pick the right dose for Phase III. That being said, the time should be relatively quickly because the -- we'll make the decision based on a 3-month endpoint once everybody has been dosed similar to what the interim data that we've shown in the Phase I. By then we will have the further follow-up post the third dose in the Phase I, so we'll have overall more data to be able to share and substantiate that decision. Now the path to Phase III I think the big change here for me has been the fact that FDA has provided guidance that speaks of the potential for licensure based on the prevention of primary infection. And that's very significant because that means that it is imminently doable with the trial of the size that we've discussed. In terms of launching that, I would say the two gating factors that I think to actually launching that study are going to be the Phase II data and some regulatory discussions. This was just very preliminary initial guidance of course before one launches a Phase III trial here, we'd need to have those more deep discussions with FDA and other agencies to make sure we're launching the right study. Now once we get their agreement, I think the design is fairly straightforward, one would expect an incident rate of about 1.5% a year. So hopefully with a couple of years of follow-up once everybody is enrolled, you could see the effect that you're looking for and wrap it up. So that gives you a rough sense of the overall time line here.
Tal Zaks: Yes. That's a great question. I ask it as well. The truth is that they are pretty efficient in running these trials. They've got a long track record of running a healthy volunteer vaccine trials and of analyzing data quickly. So as soon as they have something material to share with us we'll of course share it with you.
Tal Zaks: Thank you, Cory. It's Tal. Let me take those two in sequence. I don't foresee any additional challenge for enrolling the CMV out of the Phase 2 or the Phase 3 that are platform-dependent. And I'll sort of give you the two reasons for that. The first is the totality of safety and tolerability data that we've seen across the portfolio are consistent with what one would expect. We haven't seen anything surprising. There's no scientific reason to expect anything untoward and we haven't seen anything untoward in preclinical. So I think this is going to be a vaccine platform that will behave as such. In fact, the CMV data suggests that the more potent the vaccine is, the more adverse event you get there were flu-like symptoms. But the adverse event the type of adverse events as I've noted is what you'd expect. I think the other reference point is the fact that this is -- the platform as a platform is no longer considered as an adjuvanted vaccine by the agency. And I think that is also reassuring in that respect. So I don't see any hurdles that are a function of the platform to enrolling CMV or getting in the market frankly. Your question about the natural history study is a good one. You're right. I was pleased by the rate of enrollment and the numbers that we've gotten there to date. The age distribution is pediatric. We are seeing I think a median age of around five to eight roughly speaking, looking at the totality of the data so far. It is providing us I think good information as it relates to the variability, the biomarkers, the clinical endpoints all the things we've expected to see. And I think it is substantiating our sense that the older the children are at least those that are found at any given time points in terms of prevalence, certainly in the U.S. tend to have either undergone transplant or have deteriorating kidney function. So it all -- it is very coherent I would say overall with what we're seeing in starting up sites now in trying to enroll the first subjects into the MMA trial.
Tal Zaks: Hi, Alec it's Tal. So yes, yes to both questions. The Phase 1 PCV data, we will share that data once we've got a sort of a cogent totality of it. Every Phase 1 or every clinical trial that we do as a matter of policy and ethics in the company we will publish and this is no different. So at the next opportune moment when we have a body of evidence there we will share it, including the totality of the clinical data. And in fact, I think it is the clinical data that is important to me and I think the rest of the world to assess activity here. In that regard, recall that one of the cohorts there is testing patients with previously refractory to PD-1 inhibitor and so I think that will be meaningful data once we have it. KRAS, you are correct. Merck is running it. And so Merck will be I think the party reporting out the data and I look forward to that as well.
Tal Zaks: Those are great questions. Let me answer them in turn. The safety metrics are your typical vaccine safety metrics, so you look for safety tolerability. And we have a safety monitoring -- an independent safety monitoring committee that reviews that and we've actually had our recent inaugural meeting with them. And so, it won't be just us making that. We've got some of the world's experts in this, actually looking over our shoulders and helping make those decisions. The dose level honestly on the top of my mind, I don't remember. It's the honest truth. I'm happy to get back to you. If it's not on the trial let's double check that. The path to approval, that's a great question. I think as we had -- as disclosed in the past, we had an initial interaction with the agency. We had a Type C meeting in response. And we had a line of sight to the possibility to have a pivotal trial that would test both viruses together. So, roughly speaking the path there is demonstrate safety in the seropositive toddlers and then go on to a larger Phase 3 study that would demonstrate efficacy in seronegative toddlers, because remember we're trying to establish immunogenicity from before anybody has been exposed. And so I can't give you a clear time to completion. And as with CMV before one goes into a Phase 3 trial, we're going to have to have more in-depth discussion with the regulatory authorities before we do that.
Tal Zaks: All right, Hartaj. It's Tal. Let me take that. Two points on that trial. It is -- I mean to give AZ credit, they've designed a very informative pharmacology trial because they're using sort of state-of-the-art as you may recall oxygen labeled CAD imaging to really very finally map the heart and the areas at risk. Now the challenge for them has been that the half-life of that isotope is extremely short and so you have to find a hospital that basically has a cyclotron next door. And so what they've done, I think in this past year has been to go and find additional sites where they can launch that trial. So they're now open not just in Finland as they were but actually in Germany and in the Netherlands and are actively looking for patients. The good thing about that trial is that the endpoint once they enroll the subject should be relatively quickly because it is a six months endpoint. And the trial overall is not very large. I think that's as much insight as I have in terms of enrollment. Could they move faster? I think there are other ways that one could think of how you would develop an intracardially injected molecule. They've got a ton more expertise in this space than I do and they're actively thinking and working along those fronts. But frankly I'd have to defer to them to give you more color on what that could look like. And I think you had a few follow-ups. Yes.
Tal Zaks: Yeah. So a couple of thoughts. I think the fact that one sees this effect on seropositives, I think is really scientifically interesting and I've got a deep curiosity to try and figure out where it could translate to benefit. That being said, in terms of enrolling on the Phase 3 and the eventual label, I'd make two points, one I think the Phase 3 will be focused on seronegatives because that's where you can see the obvious effect of preventing infection. It's hard if not impossible to actually demonstrate a clinical benefit in the seropositive, although of course I remain intensely curious about that. The second point to note is that FDA in their response had told us that they understand that one is not expected to demonstrate the benefit in seropositives. But in order for this vaccine to be viable in terms of access to patients and having an impact on the population, you would need a label that would encompass both populations. So the expectation is that we would demonstrate immunogen -- I'm sorry prevention of primary infection in the seronegatives, but we would demonstrate safety and tolerability in the entire population that is all-inclusive of seropositives and that could lead then to a label irrespective of sero status. Does that answer your…
Tal Zaks: Thank you ,Yasmeen. Great questions. Let me take them one at a time. The dosing strategy is roughly similar to what we expect to see in MMA. It is based on our translation of the preclinical data. We've done long-term models in animals and have used that to extrapolate. So far the technology has extrapolated nicely from all the preclinical species in the various modalities. And so I would expect this one to be similar. So, I expect the dosing strategy to be once every two or every three weeks. So, I think we're going to have to define that and see the effect we have on Phase I. There is a whole slew of biomarkers here that one looks at and I think it's premature to specify which one is going to be the one. It is true. I think what you're indirectly alluding to is that the biomarkers on PA are not maybe as clear-cut as they are in MMA. I think that remains to be proven. I think, the information we hope to achieve from the natural history study in terms of biomarker levels where we're collecting it should also be informative. So, I mean we'll continue to update that as we learn more. I think our understanding of the literature and of our natural history level here is evolving. In terms of the level of expression needed, I think it's hard to quantify. What we've seen from our preclinical models suggest that it is a similar level that we need of MMA in order to have the effect in the mice be effective as profound in the PA models as it is in the MMA models. And so, we expect a similar dosing level to be required for both. It may be a little bit higher given that in PA we are encoding for two proteins, not one, right? So, on a model basis, we would expect similarity on a mg per kg. It may be a tad higher, but it's clearly within the same ballpark.
Tal Zaks: Several weeks I would say. I don't think it's going to be much longer than that. The reality is you've seen the adverse event profile to-date. It really is a function of the LNP as I understand it more than the protein that we make. We'll be continuing to follow these patients -- I'm sorry these subjects for weeks, but I've not seen anything that leads me to expect that there's a long-term challenge here. I think the safety profile within a week we'll describe what it is.
Tal Zaks: Yes. So this is Tal. Let me take them. They're in their preclinical phases. Once we file the IND and we get rolling, we'll update you accordingly. And I think, we don't typically comment on where exactly in the early research space they are. I think the same holds true for Relaxin which is partnered with AstraZeneca.
