Stéphane Bancel: Thank you Lavina. Good morning or good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I will start with a review our business, Jamey will present our financial results for the quarter and take you through our basic financial framework. Stephen will then review our clinical progress. I will then close by sharing our commercial progress and our outlook for major upcoming milestones. In the second quarter of 2024, our respiratory franchise has shown remarkable progress and is poised to positively impact millions of lives globally each year. This is why we started Moderna, to impact patients, and that is why the Moderna team is so focused on execution because of that profound impact on so many lives. Our mRNA-1273 vaccine, Spikevax, continues to play a critical role in combating COVID. Based on CDC data for the season just ending, October 23 to June 24, COVID continues to result in higher hospitalization than other respiratory viruses. We are pleased that our RSV vaccine, whose brand name is mRESVIA, our second respiratory product, has launched in the U.S. and has now shipped to U.S. customers. It is poised to impact public health in the U.S. this year and soon in many other countries for many years to come. Our flu vaccine candidate, mRNA-1010, has demonstrated positive Phase III results, meeting all immunogenicity end points in adults 18 and older. Our flu + COVID combo vaccine candidate, mRNA-1083, has also shown positive results in Phase III, underscoring our ability to innovate and [indiscernible] respiratory illnesses effectively. These achievements highlight the strength of our mRNA platform and our commitment to public health. We have now five out of five vaccines with positive Phase III data: COVID, RSV, flu, next-gen COVID, mRNA-1083 and our cold + COVID combo. We are very excited about these achievements and are very thankful for our teams. We believe our technology has the potential to significantly reduce the burden of these respiratory illnesses globally and save millions of hospitalizations around the world and thus impacting millions of families. Moving to business highlights for Q2, we manufactured the ’24 - ’25 season COVID vaccine targeting both the KP2 and GA1 strains of the virus. We are ready to meet the demand for the ’24 - ’25 respiratory season. In addition to RSV approval in the U.S, we are pleased that mRESVIA received a positive opinion from Europe’s regulatory agency, EMA CHMP. We are waiting for regulatory approvals in additional countries around the world. For pandemic flu, we recently announced a partnership in the U.S. with BARDA to address H5 influenza virus and future public health threats. The agreement awarded Moderna $176 million in funding to accelerate the development of mRNA-based pandemic flu vaccines. Lastly, our Japanese partnership with Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation is an important collaboration. With this joint agreement, we will co-promote Moderna respiratory vaccines in Japan, extending our reach and impact in the Japanese market. In Q2, our revenues were up $241 million, [indiscernible] reflect the highly seasonal nature of our respiratory vaccine business. The net loss was $1.3 billion. We ended the quarter with $10.8 billion [indiscernible] strong cash and investment position. This progress [indiscernible] allows us to continue investing in our key programs and initiatives. Additionally, we continue to make considerable progress in reducing our operating expenses. Compared to Q2 2023, we have decreased our operating expenses by more than $600 million in Q2 2024. This reduction highlights our commitment to operational efficiency and financial discipline. Before I hand over to Jamey, I want to touch on the announcement we made last week. We are very pleased and proud to welcome David Rubinstein, the co-founder and co-chairman of Carlyle Group to the Moderna board, starting next week. David has decades of experience investing and growing businesses across a number of industries. He is also one of the most respected voices globally on matters related to international affairs and public policy. We are very excited to have him join us to help build Moderna to reach to the next level. With David joining the board, Stephen Berenson is stepping down from the board, and I would like to personally thank him for his many contributions during his tenure, including through the pandemic. We also announced that Bob Langer has informed the board of his intention to retire from the board. As one of our co-founders, Bob has made incredible contributions to Moderna and we would not the company we are today without his vision and insights. I am personally very grateful to Bob for his coaching and mentoring, especially during the early years of Moderna, where his [indiscernible] experience was so valuable to me. With that, let me turn to Jamey.
Stéphane Bancel: And Salveen, I’ll take the two or the question--it’s Stéphane. On the competitive pressure, I think on both products, COVID and RSV, we are seeing similar things, which is [indiscernible] from larger competitors with a portfolio of products, an ability, if you want, to also be much more aggressive on activities, whether it’s supply chain, whether it’s pricing, whether it’s co-marketing funding and dollars activity, so it’s really a mix at the customer level. We’ve just seen much more intensity and pressure on COVID versus last year, and on RSV, as you know, we’re entering a market where there’s two large established players, one with very large market share where of course [indiscernible], the other one who, as indicated, they want to gain market share because they are not pleased with their market share last year, and so we have been working really actively on that. In terms of visibility for RSV, we have some contracts that have already been signed and that we are actively supplying customers now that the product has shipped. We have some contracts that are being finalized with ability in season to demonstrate to the customer the value of PFS and to be able to move that into season, so we are working through all of those things. We’ll provide updates as the season goes, but we know this is very important for patients, it’s very important for the company, so we’re all hands on deck on COVID and RSV.
Stéphane Bancel: Thanks, this is Stéphane. On the high competitive environment on COVID and RSV, what we believe is on RSV, our customers are going to experience the PFS product, and that’s going to be ability to really have full season, to be able to try and get the products to a channel that will have lots, so we anticipate in ’25 to have better share than in ’24 for the U.S. We’re going to be launching probably outside U.S. markets in ’25, that’s of course we’ll not have sales in ’24, so that’s all going to be important for growth. In COVID, we believe the portfolio in terms of next-gen COVID and then flu plus COVID, it’s going to be an important driver to kind of reset the expectation moving forward and the market dynamics. In terms of the EU, the current contract between Pfizer and the EU ends in 2026, so we think 2025 and 2026 are still going to be low. Some countries have actually used a lot of our vaccine and so we could see some countries in ’25 and more in ’26 needing COVID vaccine and then wanting to diversify their supply base [indiscernible] vaccine as well, given its performance, so as you mentioned the combo, it’s something that we have been discussing quite a lot with governments in Europe. They see the value of a combo given its strong performance, as we’ve shared, to be an important tool for public health in terms of compliance. In a world where governments are worried about people getting their flu shot and their COVID shot and their RSV shot, that’s just a lot of shots and nobody likes needles, nobody likes to go to the doctor or to the pharmacist, and so the combo is something that customers are really valuing, so that could be another opportunity in countries when this product is available to go back into growing Europe. The key priority for us in Europe now for 2025 is really launching RSV and growing the business on RSV until we see the flu mono or flu plus COVID launch.
Stéphane Bancel: Yes, so let me try to take a stab at it. As Stephen stated, in the long term we believe that as real-world evidence data is gathered by public health leaders, that they will most probably be in for boosting. The current recommendation is what it is, but as Stephen said, we believe it will potentially evolve over time. For this year, I think what is interesting is on paper, it seems that it could be a smaller market. The thing that’s going to be interesting to see how it plays out in terms of market size and number of doses in arms is the guidelines are much more clear than last year, and as you know, sometimes in vaccinations, you get a better reaction from the doctors and pharmacists and consumers with clear guidelines versus not as clear guidelines with larger population potential. Because of those two factors, it’s going to be interesting to see how the season plays out.
Stéphane Bancel: Well, thank you everybody for joining us, and we look forward to speaking to many of you in the coming days and weeks, and if not, seeing you for R&D day on September 12. Have a great day, bye.
Jamey Mock: Hi Salveen, I’ll take the first question regarding the year-end cash balance. I would say there’s a few factors in there. Number one, on the deferrals of revenue, some of which we have already collected the cash and ultimately we will collect the remaining balance that might push into 2025, but some of that is already a prepayment. Number two, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have been working on working capital. We’ve got a whole team focused on it, and the teams are doing a great job from accounts payable, inventory balances, receivables and our collections progress. You can see our receivables balance on the balance sheet is relatively small at this point, so the team’s done a great job, which helps offset it. Then third, just coming into the year, we had a little bit of cushion to the $9 billion, so overall we remain confident in the $9 billion and are pleased with that kind of ending balance heading into 2025.
Jamey Mock: Yes, thanks Terence. I’ll take the first one related to guidance and what’s the split between COVID and RSV. What I would say is if you look at the three drivers, all of them are, first, similar in size. Then if I break them down, the deferrals are all related to COVID, the EU is all related to COVID, and then that last category of competitiveness in RSV vaccine--or in respiratory vaccines, there’s a split between COVID and RSV, so that should give you some understanding of the general split between COVID and RSV.
Jamey Mock: Yes, thanks Mike. We are still--as I mentioned, we’re still expecting $9 billion in cash next year and don’t currently have any different change in our outlook for the $6 billion to $7 billion that we said we’d end 2025 with, and let me break that down. First, this year we went from the start of the year, $13 billion to $9 billion, so a $4 billion loss in cash. That included many prepayments coming into the year that will no longer repeat, so we’re not actually getting the cash from operations and that won’t be a drag year-over-year. Second, we plan to return to growth in 2025 and, as I mentioned earlier, some of that will also be buoyed by the fact that we have some deferrals heading into 2025, but more so we’ll have an entire year and operating experience on RSV, we hope to bring new products to market, and so we’re still expecting to return to growth. But yes, I mean, we continue to look at opex and understand what we want to do there, and we are always laser focused on our cash balance, and at this time we don’t think the $6 billion to $7 billion will change.
Jamey Mock: Yes, it’s a bit of both. We’re not breaking it down, nor have we given guidance on RSV, but I would say this year is not turning out as we expected, and I answered Terence’s questions in terms of how much is really split between COVID and RSV, so you can kind of get an understanding there. But again, we were third to market this year, some of the contracts were already negotiated, we only are participating in the second half, but I think our hope is that we get access across many of the retail chains, they start to get comfortable with us with the second product so that when we head into 2025, we can get a more fair market share on RSV.
Jamey Mock: Yes, and Elliott, on the deferrals, could they happen in 2025, the answer is yes, they can always happen. That said, some of this will push into next year, so, and if some of those push into the following year, those two would offset, but we’re not expecting that at that point. The only thing I’d say is we will come to market with our resilience contracts in the U.K., Australia and Canada, that provides us additional growth in those areas as well as potentially participating in additional public tenders as well, so there’s a little bit of risk but I think we can mitigate it with the deferrals from this year, as well as additional resilience contracts.
Stephen Hoge: Great, and for the question on the language, good pick-up. The 1083 flu COVID program is the most recent Phase III results, really quite fresh, and we have just begun the process of engaging with regulators, meaning sharing that data and discussing with them what their expectations would be on submission. For the other programs that you referenced, obviously we’ve had more time, had some of those discussions, and we’re obviously preparing for submissions, as we said in our prepared remarks.
Stephen Hoge: Great, thanks for the questions. I’ll take it first. First, we have enough data on case numbers for CMV. We may have an update at R&D day - I’m not sure, but we don’t have any change to our prior guidance, which is we do think that the interim analysis of efficacy could happen this year, and that would account for also median safety follow-up from a timing perspective, and so at this point, no new update, but we continue to stand behind the belief that the interim analysis for efficacy on the CMV program could happen this year.
Stephen Hoge: Yes, thanks Gena. We define competitiveness both in terms of share and in price, so we’re relatively pleased with our market share, there’s potentially some price pressure in there. But generally speaking, we think that the U.S. will perform pretty well compared to last year, but we are seeing a bit of a competitive--a more competitive market this year after a year where in the U.S., we had nearly or approximately 50% market share, so. We’re seeing the pressure but still confident in the overall performance of the U.S. business.
Stephen Hoge: Great, thank you for both questions. Obviously first and foremost, our focus at the ACIP meeting was we were quite pleased with the parity recommendation, and I think we were all pleased with the clear recommendation for those over the age of 75 and those with higher risk from RSV, that they really should get vaccinated. As its only a year old is the market, the most important thing we can do is cover the large number of people who are now recommended, the 40 million-plus who are not vaccinated, and that’s quite a large increase in the number of folks who we hope to cover soon. Now, on the question--the specific question of revaccination, I think it’s also important to say that we are--you know, the ACIP is really just looking at one year of real-world data, and all three of the vaccines, but including mRESVIA, show significant second season protection, although it does decrease, and so there is the decline from season one into season two from a clinical trial perspective, but there’s still protection there in that year two. While you’re only one year into that public experience, public health experience, I think ACIP took a prudent choice and said there’s still a benefit, and maybe the focus should be on increasing vaccination coverage rates for those who are current unprotected because there clearly is some benefit, even still at that second year. I think if you fast forward a year, and this would be my perception, but if you fast forward a year, if you look at the rates of waning for the other two vaccines than ours, there is clearly a decline from year one to two, and from year two to three. The pace of that decline suggests that by year three, there really won’t be much protection for those people who have received vaccines in the first year. I think that’s when you probably need to start asking the question of, do we continue to leave those people unprotected or boost them again? Now, from a scientific perspective, you asked my view, you will be infected with RSV almost 20 times in your life, you will repeatedly get ill. In fact, many people who are at risk of severe complications over the age of 75 or otherwise with medical co-morbidities, they’ve seen RSV before. It’s the waning protection from that infection that ultimately is the reason why you need a vaccine, and because you get infected multiple times by that virus over life, even if you’ve seen it before, you probably will benefit from a booster in future. We continue to believe that as the public health story evolves, that recommending bodies and CDC and ACIP will look at the waning efficacy, the potential to boost people again and hopefully provide additional public benefit, and that eventually there will be recommendations for revaccination for those who are at highest risk of RSV, but it is not our choice. We are providing that data to obviously the regulators but principally to groups like CDC, and then they will determine the right moment, if ever, to recommend that revaccination in the United States. As it relates to bird flu, we continue to follow that very closely. It’s drifted a little bit out of the news more recently - I think that’s a good thing, but the most important news for us has been in the quarter, we executed an agreement with BARDA to advance into Phase III with our pandemic bird flu vaccine, which we’ll provide updates on as we move forward in the months and the year ahead. But we will be sure to be partnering with public health entities across the world, including the United States government specifically. We’re grateful for working with BARDA again in the event that bird flu does emerge as a pandemic or epidemic threatening this country.
Stephen Hoge: Thanks for the question. We have--as you highlight, there is a large number of pulmonary diseases for which respiratory delivery could be quite impactful. We have not provided any updates on the preclinical programs that we’ve moved into development, and so I would describe those activities right now as still research and discovery phase, and not something for competitive reasons and for scientific reasons that we’ll talk about. They’re in the earlier stages. As it relates to whether we would partner with Vertex on it, we would of course always welcome partnering with Vertex given their expertise, but the partnership we have right now, the deal we have with them is limited to the cystic fibrosis program at this point.
Stephen Hoge: Thanks Ted. They are somewhat different, and they are in early stages of those regulatory conversations, so. We just received the FDA START designation, but if you look at the data that we shared last R&D day, and we’ll obviously provide updates on this going forward, one of the clearer pictures that emerged was that in MMA, we are seeing good movement of a biomarker of methylmalonic acid that’s pathognomonic for the disease, and so you can imagine of the challenges very quickly when you have a good biomarker is how do you validate that biomarker and show that moving that biomarker is reasonably likely to predict benefit, and that’s a scientific question we will work on and ultimately engage with regulators, including FDA, as a key step for moving forward. We are evaluating in the clinical trial folks movement in their biomarker from baseline, so it’s a clear study to run. In the case of proprionic acidemia, there is not as clear a biomarker in the field because of the structure of that particular part of the metabolic pathway, and so there we’ve been following events, and as you know, we’ve previously shared in a single-arm study the pre and post treatment rates of metabolic decompensations. We have seen a favorable trend in that - we’re actually quite excited by that. That takes a little more time than a biomarker, but we obviously have been working on that a little bit longer, and so we’ll be engaging with regulators on that single arm approach and understanding the difference between internal controls or other controls to evaluate that. In any event, you may end up with a randomized study, you may be able to use a single arm study, and in the case of MMA, you may be able to use a biomarker, so those are the kinds of conversations we’re having, but as I said, they’re early days. The FDA discussion on MMA just started, and so we’ll provide updates as we have more clarity on those timelines.
Stephen Hoge: Sure, I’ll take that. Obviously the majority of the recommended population in this country continues to be the older adults. I wouldn’t comment on Pfizer’s competitive positioning on our quarterly call except to say that in the retail channel overwhelmingly and in many physicians’ offices overwhelmingly, the focus is on protecting older Americans. What’s happening with the younger population, maternal population is obviously smaller in terms of an overall market opportunity. We do recognize the need to try and provide the broadest potential label and, as we’ve previously updated, we are pleased that we’ve conducted our Phase III study in 18 to 59-year-old high risk populations, and we intend to file that this year with a goal of expanding that label for those who are at high risk for medical reasons and may benefit from an RSV vaccine, even if they are younger. I would say we agree that a broad label is valuable, but I think it’s important to cover as many people as possible, and that’s what we’re excited by moving forward with our 18 to 59-year-old filing. On the question of INT, we have not with our partner updated yet on where we are in enrolment. Obviously as we had said at ASCO, and there was quite some coverage of risk, we are pleased, very pleased with the pace of enrolment, and we do expect that to conclude quickly, but we have not yet provided any updates and we’ll obviously do so at the appropriate time with our partner, Merck. As it relates to manufacturing, we actually have made great progress there establishing our Marlborough facility, as well as demonstrating through the clinical trial our ability to manufacture at high volume, frankly commercially relevant volumes, and so we’re--we feel like we’re in a good place in terms of the manufacturing trajectory. It’s still a few months of work to go this year to get to where we want to be, but we’re starting to feel quite optimistic that the manufacturing will be online as and when we hope.
Stephen Hoge: Then I would just comment on the current year market size as well. I think we talked about what we believe the patient population is, which is still sizeable, and we believe that the market will still be overall sizeable this year and similar to last year, if not a little bit more. I think there are other factors at play with those comments - you know, there was a lot of inventory that was--or a lot of sales that happened in the prior year, that customers may be sitting on some of that inventory, so from a revenue perspective that might be different, but from a vaccination rate perspective, we believe that it will still be similar, if not a little bit bigger this year.
Stephen Hoge: Yes, I’ll take it. First, the question on the summer wave and the epidemiology, we’ve seen this multiple years in a row now, and so in some ways, there is a move in certain geographies towards a little bit of a summer wave. It just highlights the fact that this virus is incredibly effectively at spreading, incredibly effective in creating disease even for folks many years after vaccination and other protection, and why we need to protect people for the winter season, because whatever we see in the summer, you see a dramatically higher wave in the November through February time horizon, and so that’s really where we’re trying to protect people for. But in terms of does the summer wave impact, the small summer wave impact the view of the fall wave, it really doesn’t change year-over-year that perspective, and that’s why we’re confident vaccination coverage rates will still be there, and as Jamey said, we see them the same. We hope to do better, but we see them minimally as similar to last year in the United States.
