Stéphane Bancel: Thank you, Lavina. Good morning or good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I will start with a quick review of our business for third quarter. Arpa will then give you an update of our commercial progress and plans. Jamey will present our financial results and will explain in detail the one-time charges we announced this morning in our press release. Stephen will then review our clinical programs. And I will share our key priorities for 2024 and 2025 to return Moderna to sales growth and profitability. We delivered $1.8 billion in Spikevax sales of COVID vaccine in the third quarter. Based on trend we are seeing in the U.S. COVID market in recent weeks, we expect our sales for 2023 to be at least $6 billion. We have been preparing for the 2023 fall COVID launch throughout the year, because the U.S. market was pivoting from a pandemic government purchase market to a commercial market. I am very pleased to report that according to IQVIA market data, we have a market share in the U.S. of 45% season to date, compared to 36% for 2022. [And Arpa] (ph) will show you, we even achieved 51% market share last week in the U.S. This commercial performance in the U.S. market shows that Moderna can compete commercially with large established players, [that will prove] (ph) important as we launch RSV 2024 and combo of flu-COVID in 2025. On the cost side of the company, we informed you at R&D Day that it was important for us to resize our manufacturing footprint as the world has moved from a pandemic to an endemic setting. I am pleased that our manufacturing and finance team were able to move fast and resize our manufacturing, so that we can go back to 75% to 80% gross margin levels. This resizing resulted in a charge of $1.6 billion, which Jamey will explain in detail in his section. Now let me turn over to Arpa to walk you through our progress in the U.S. market.
Stéphane Bancel: Thank you, Stephen, Jamey and Arpa. Our focus is to return Moderna to sales growth and profitability. To achieve that, we have three priorities. Priority number one, commercial execution. Our market share in the U.S. demonstrates we can compete. We are focused on launching RSV in 2024. We believe we have best-in-class profile for RSV vaccine, high-efficiency, good safety profile, and the easiest to use in pharmacies or doctor's offices. As you all know, pharmacy chains are having challenges given the workload, especially in the fall season. The two other vaccines on the market today are very complicated to prepare before injection; one is nine steps, and one is four steps. Now we launched pre-filled syringe and, as Arpa said, we are very excited about that. And from the discussions I had with the leadership of pharmacies, I believe that this will be an important differentiation. Our COVID plus flu combo vaccine should launch in 2025. And as you know, flu is a higher volume market than COVID. In the U.S., for example, flu is around 3 times the number of doses compared to the COVID market. With these new product launches in '24 and '25, and the combination of COVID sales in the endemic setting, we believe Moderna will be in sales growth again in 2025. Priority number two, discipline investments. We'll be disciplined in our investments and [cycle] (ph) them based on our sales performance. As you saw, we have taken bold actions to resize our manufacturing footprint in the third quarter. The team is not done and there are many continuous improvement projects to drive a reduction in cost of manufacturing. We'll also look at our R&D costs and will consider partnering some programs, if needed, to allow us to be responsible and disciplined about our costs. For SG&A, as Jamey mentioned, we are currently going through our 2024 budget and our goal is to have a lower spend in SG&A in 2024 than we had in 2023. We still plan to keep SG&A flat in 2025 versus 2024. We're launching respiratory products in 2024 and 2025, and we anticipate the same teams [indiscernible] productivity gains as we improve our commercial operations. As Jamey mentioned, we expect to breakeven in 2026. Priority number three, executing on our late-stage pipeline to drive sales growth. As you all know, we have an exciting late-stage pipeline with six Phase 3 assets. For respiratory program, RSV, flu, next-gen COVID, mRNA-1283, and COVID plus flu combo that Stephen just talked about. One latent program, CMV, which is fully enrolled in Phase 3 and accruing cases. One oncology program, INT in melanoma, and as Stephen mentioned, in lung cancer. We look forward to having and sharing three years of INT data from our melanoma study before the end of this year. If the data are strong, we believe it could be the basis for regulatory discussions for potential accelerated approval. We have been investing in building a factory in Marlborough, Massachusetts, which will enable the commercial launch for INT. Thanks to the mRNA platform we built, we have an exciting pipeline, with up to 15 launches in the next five years. We have the largest late-stage pipeline of any mRNA company in the world and will continue to focus to deliver the greatest possible impact to people for mRNA medicine. I've never been more excited about the potential we have to deliver for patients. The actions we are taking help us to execute on that vision. With this, operator, we'll be happy to take questions now.
Stéphane Bancel: And Salveen, this is Stéphane. Maybe just to add to Jamey's point on the R&D, as I mentioned in my remarks, if we have to, we will be open, of course, to partnership some of those programs, which is an important way we could flex the R&D number based on where the sales are, as Jamey mentioned, which is if the sales are according to our plan, then we're going to be okay. If the sales are below, we will be very open to partnering. As you know, we've done that in the past. The team knows how to do it. But we will be disciplined about our investments in the business based on where the sales line is.
Stéphane Bancel: Yes. Just to add to Arpa, Terence, it's Stéphane, the point that Arpa and I made about the market share of COVID is what I think is very important. I think some people believe that because we're a new company in commercials we're not able to compete and I think the market share data that Arpa has shared really show that our U.S. team is able to compete and we will continue to improve things that we are doing, because we are not done improving the [indiscernible] culture as you know us. But the share already moving from 36% last year to 45% cumulative so far in the season, I think it's already a demonstration of what the team is able to achieve. And the season is not over, so that's 51%, so let's see where this one finish when the season is over. But basically, the [differential] (ph) we have, as I mentioned, I've been speaking to pharmacist leadership. And they are all, I think, have a very big workload issue, as you know. There's even strikes in some pharmacy chains in the U.S. as we speak. And you think about the season there, [indiscernible] business for the pharmacy for preparations, and then the flu, and then the COVID. And then, as I mentioned, those two other products, if you just download the label of those products from the FDA website and you look at how many steps they have, it's very complicated. And when you talk to a pharmacy leadership, they don't know how they're going to deal with that type of workload. And so, coming with pre-filled syringe is a tremendous differentiator. We have very good efficacy. We have very good safety profile. We really believe that we have the best in-class product in the market. And [indiscernible], it's going to translate, I think, into a very good effect.
Stéphane Bancel: It's Stéphane. Just maybe adding to Jamey, who said it super well. As you know, we have a platform company. And the [indiscernible] success of those programs we feel very good about. If you just look at with COVID and Phase 3 RSV -- sorry, and Phase 3 for RSV and Phase 3 for flu, we have three out of three positive Phase 3. This is not your industry average. So, we think we can create value and create return on capital for shareholders by investing that capital to high-priority projects that are in late-stage pipeline. As I said, we have the largest late-stage pipeline of any mRNA company. We have six programs right now. And as soon as we launch [indiscernible], which is very, very soon, there's going to be seven programs. We believe the best way to create returns for shareholders is to invest that capital to drive sales growth and profitability.
Stéphane Bancel: Yes, it's Stéphane. Just to add to Arpa's comments, during COVID, we've been discussing to a lot of -- with healthcare ministers, and the topic of vaccination combination has come a lot. And as you think, especially outside the U.S., where you have a lot of [indiscernible] taking care of people from birth to death, basically, we are very, very interested in combinations. Because they know that if a participant of a country got the vaccine, they got protection against several viruses which prevent hospitalization. As you know, we've done partnership with some countries like the UK, Canada, and Australia. And through those negotiations, the concept of combination was critical in their decision-making. Because as they see their population getting older, they worry that the number of hospitalizations will just go up over time and the ability to prevent that when you see shortages of healthcare workers and as you project those shortages in the future is a key determination of a decision. So, I only think in integrated healthcare system, the drive the [good combo] (ph) will move even faster than actually in commercial markets like the U.S. market.
Stephen Hoge: Good morning or good afternoon. Today I'll do a quick review of our clinical programs. Many of the details from these programs were shared at our R&D Day in September. I will also review the Phase 3 trial designs for our combination flu and COVID vaccine, mRNA-1083 and the Phase 3 trial design for our INT in non-small cell lung cancer. During R&D Day, we shared the significant progress we've made through the year in advancing our late-stage pipeline, creating the opportunity to have up to 15 product launches in the next five years. Through 2025, and subject to regulatory review and approvals, we anticipate launches for our RSV vaccine, our flu vaccine, a next-generation COVID vaccine, and our combination flu and COVID vaccine. Looking beyond 2025, we have a diverse pipeline of other vaccines, cancer therapies, and rare metabolic disease medicines. We're very excited by the potential benefits these medicines offer across a diverse range of therapeutic areas. Slide 25 is an overview of our respiratory vaccines pipeline. Our leading pipeline includes commercial and Phase 3 programs against COVID, RSV, and flu, as well as earlier-stage next-generation programs in COVID and flu and multiple [combinations] (ph). We recently shared positive topline Phase 1/2 data from our combination flu and COVID vaccine, mRNA-1083. And on the heels of this success, we've started and are rapidly enrolling a Phase 3 study for mRNA-1083 in adults 50 and older. Slide 26 shows the Phase 3 design for mRNA-1083. The Phase 3 study is a randomized, stratified, observer-blind, active-control study evaluating the immunogenicity and safety of 1083 compared to co-administered flu and COVID vaccines. The study will enroll 8,000 participants overall, with two cohorts of 4,000 participants stratified by age 65 years and older and 50 to 64 years of age. Both cohorts will receive mRNA-1083, or in the control arm, an age-recommended licensed quadrivalent flu vaccine plus our approved COVID vaccine. Study participants will be followed for six months. The next, on Slide 27, is an overview of our latent and other vaccines pipeline. As previously announced, our Phase 3 study evaluating vaccine efficacy and safety of our CMV vaccine in women of childbearing age is now fully enrolled, including the adolescent cohort. The study is accruing cases and we look forward to vaccine efficacy data when it becomes available. Earlier-stage clinical programs against EBV, HIV, VZV, HSV, and against the Norovirus and Lyme disease continue to progress. Slide 28 is an overview of our therapeutics pipeline. We're proud of the progress across cancer, rare diseases, and other areas. Many of the details of these programs were highlighted at our recent R&D Day, and I refer you to that presentation on our website. Notable since R&D Day is the continued rapid enrollment of the INT Phase 3 adjuvant melanoma study, which has seen a great deal of interest from investigators and patients since presentation of the Phase 2 data at ASCO earlier this year. As previously announced, before the end of the year, we will conduct another analysis of the Phase 2 study with longer follow-up time at approximately three years, and we are looking forward to sharing that data INT is also moving forward in other types of cancer with the initiation of a second Phase 3 study in adjuvant non-small cell lung cancer. The Phase 3 design for adjuvant non-small cell lung cancer is shown on Slide 29. It is a randomized placebo-blind -- double-blind placebo and active comparator controlled study of a combination of INT plus KEYTRUDA versus placebo plus KEYTRUDA in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. The study will enroll approximately 900 patients with stage II to IIIB tumors who were resected and previously treated with adjuvant chemotherapy. Each patient will receive up to nine doses of INT administered intramuscularly every three weeks with KEYTRUDA administered every six weeks in the active arm, or nine doses of a placebo injection administered every three weeks and KEYTRUDA every six weeks in the comparator arm. The primary endpoint of the study is disease-free survival. Key secondary endpoints include overall survival, distant metastasis-free survival, and patient-reported outcomes. This study marks an important milestone in our collaboration with our partner, Merck, and our shared commitment to rapidly bring INT to patients. With that, I'll turn it over to Stéphane.
Stephen Hoge: And on the CMV question, thanks for that. So yes, we did update that we're about a quarter of the way through the case accrual back in R&D Day. I think the next -- we continue to accrue cases at a steady pace. I do think the next update will provide is likely our Vaccines Day in the spring.
Stephen Hoge: Maybe I'll take the first -- the second part of that question and then hand it over to Jamey for the first. So, on RSV and the need for it, obviously, we're continuing to follow the public health situation in terms of the rate of occurrence of the RSV epidemic this year. At this point, I think we don't have data yet on whether or not it will ultimately be an annual or something less than annual, say every two or three year vaccination regime. I think like everybody else, we'll be looking to our data, the other manufacturers' data, as well as the public health, the epidemiologic data to guide that decision. There are plenty of vaccines for which there is an approach, flu as an example, where there's a seasonal vaccination approach, both because of the benefit offered by the vaccine, but also because of the convenience of just making sure that every season, every year, people are reminded to get that vaccine. So, the ultimate decision on whether this is going to be recommended is not ours, the manufacturer, it will fall to public health officials based on a number of factors, which will include the [indiscernible] and the data we provide, but other factors as well. And we'll work to make sure they have the data they need to make that decision.
Stephen Hoge: And thank you for the flu question. So, as you referenced, we had really strong data out of our P303 Phase 3 study for flu that we released at R&D Day. We're excited about that. We are engaging right now with multiple regulators about the pathway to licensure. I don't have an update about all those conversations because they're happening as we speak, but we will, once we have clarity across all markets on the pathway licensure, provide an update.
Jamey Mock: Maybe I'll take the first one -- first part of the question. So, in terms of 2026, and thanks for the question, let's talk to you about how we're thinking about it. So, we mentioned $4 billion in 2024, approximately $4 billion. And this is all about our late-stage pipeline coming to fruition. So, in 2024, we'll launch RSV, but it's mostly kind of in the second half year sales, and then we'll have a full year in 2025, so that'll provide growth. We will also come to market with flu in 2025. We'll also come to market with a combination of flu and COVID in 2025. Again, depends on timing, but by 2026, we should have a full portfolio. So, we're not going to say what the exact sales numbers are, but you mentioned $8 billion to $9 billion in costs. I'm not exactly sure where you'd get there unless you're assuming a certain sales line on that, but let me go back to what we tried to lay out here. If you assume, for instance, $6 billion in sales, we should have 30% of cost, or $8 billion in sales, we should have 25% of cost. And then, we've said historically in our R&D Day that we need $25 billion overall to make this investment, which should average $5 billion a year. So, hopefully, we're giving you enough pieces without officially guiding any kind of numbers in 2026. But here's what's also important is, if those sales don't come to fruition, we are telling you that we will adjust our expenditures in our investment. So, that's -- we hope that we are -- they will, we are confident in our pipeline, but should it not happen, then we were prepared to adjust our investment. I missed the second part of the question.
Jamey Mock: Yeah, thank you for the question. So, we -- as we try to lay out here and are showing you, this capacity is built for volume leverage. So, we at least put $10 billion of sales on that page, and it will require no additional capacity. We will complete, of course, over the next year and a half the UK facility, the Canada facility and Australia facility, but for the respiratory framework, we need no more, at least the $10 billion. I won't project beyond that, but that should answer that question. INT is a little bit different and we are building that and getting that ready for commercial purposes, but we're built for volume leverage moving forward.
Jamey Mock: Yeah, thanks, Salveen. I appreciate the question. So, on the $4 billion, we're not going to break out the $1 billion that we attributed to RSV and COVID. All we can say is we've talked about our PDUFA date and that we filed in certain amount of countries across the globe. I will also say, as Arpa mentioned in her prepared remarks that we're super confident in the product profile. We are encouraged by the market and how it's already started from an uptake perspective, and we think we will compete very well in 2024 and beyond. As it pertains to the flexing on our spending for 2025, obviously, I don't know, 80% of our expenses or investments are in R&D, so $4.5 billion for R&D and $1.3 billion for S&A. So that, as I mentioned, 50% of the current spending levels is not committed. So, we have time to make decisions and watch the market to be able to say what amount of registrational trials and what amount of R&D are we going to spend in 2025. So, hopefully that gives you a sense for how much is still the ability to flex. We also have other levers that we can pull, et cetera. SG&A, we also have some flexibility, probably not to the same magnitude, but there is still some amount of flexibility to bring that down from a variable expense perspective.
Jamey Mock: So, thanks, Sarah. I'll take the first part and then hand it over to Stephen on CMV. So, there is no flu contribution in our 2024 sales outlook of approximately $4 billion. So, in that $1 billion, that is solely RSV and other COVID international sales. We do, as I mentioned in my -- to answering Salveen's question, we do expect to launch flu in our combination products sometime in 2025, and we'll see what we've projected that time.
Jamey Mock: Yeah. Thanks, Jess, for the question. Again, without getting into too much detail on 2026 in terms of how we think about it, I mean, the best way to keep going back to that late-stage pipeline that we've been talking to you about, RSV, flu, our combination, our next-gen COVID product as well, will all be very much there for the year 2026. And we are confident in all those product profiles and how we will compete. As I mentioned, at 6%, our cost of sales -- at $6 billion, sorry, our cost of sales would be 30%. At $8 billion, our cost of sales would be 25%. And of course, we'll try to improve on that. And that will give us the envelope for how much we can continue to invest in the future products, which we said we'll launch 15 by 2028. That'll be all of our latent product portfolio, that'll be our INT portfolio, that'll be our rare disease portfolio. So, I think that's as much as we can say right now. I just want everybody to know that we are very committed to breaking even in that year, and we have a lot of flexibility, both from a growth standpoint and a discipline investment standpoint.
Jamey Mock: And I'll take the first part. Thanks, Luca, for the question. I think the short answer is the opportunity set ahead of us, and we are acting. So, you referenced some of our competitors, so I just want to break that down. I mean, we are super encouraged by the opportunity for additional growth and our ability to impact patients. And we have this 15 products that we think will launch by 2028 or by 2025. We think that's the right thing to do. We have to grow out of our, we have to grow this company and to be able to afford the investment to be able to capture the unparalleled opportunity for this. And I think we are acting, I believe we are acting, and I mentioned everything that we're doing from a cost of sales perspective. And so I think that's very much in line and sized appropriately to have volume leverage when it comes, because it will come. And we are saying in 2024, we can adjust both R&D and SG&A down to a good level, down 6% R&D, down 13%, so, on SG&A. We are largely committed to our registrational trials for 2024. But as I mentioned, we don't have as much flexibility in that particular year, but by 2025, we have even more flexibility. So we're prepared to take action should we need to, but we're very optimistic about the price line that's coming. And hopefully this will just come through growth, and we'll still be able to afford much of this investment.
Jamey Mock: And, Hartaj, maybe I'll take the cost of sales question. Thank you for it. So this provides a substantial margin expansion opportunity. So, if you think about it, our cost of sales, the smallest portion is our drug substance, so it's our actual mMRA, and that's a very small portion of our overall cost of sales. Everything from drug product in terms of the cost to finish the product and the presentation type, whether it's PFS or a vial or whatever, that now gets cut in half. So, when we sell two, it's a very limited amount of cost increase versus a single presentation. So, it does provide a significant margin expansion opportunity. So, thank you for the question.
Arpa Garay: Thank you for the question. In terms of the total RSV market, as I mentioned earlier, we're excited by the uptake and the consumer awareness of the market overall. And our projections are similar to what both GSK and Pfizer have already guided. In terms of our market share with RSV, we have not yet provided or are ready to provide any forward-looking projections on share, but we are very excited about our strong product profile, both in terms of efficacy, safety, and, as I mentioned, our ready to use pre-filled syringes. So, we will be leveraging the learnings and the success from our COVID commercial launch this year and applying them to RSV next year.
Arpa Garay: Great. And I can take the second question on the percentage of non-retail. So, as expected, in 2023, the retailers have been the majority of the market, with more than 90% of the volume during the first few weeks. However, we're now beginning to see a shift towards more non-retail channels, as I had mentioned. We are seeing increased shipments to IDNs, to clinics, to pediatricians, as of the recent weeks. And as I think about full year 2023, I believe the retail mix will be stronger than in 2022 and could land at about 70% to 80% of total vaccinations, whereas in 2022, we saw that the retail channel was only about two-thirds of the mass.
Arpa Garay: Thank you for the question. In terms of the fourth quarter '23 jabs, what we saw in 2022 is there was a significant portion, about 45% of the total COVID vaccinations happening in November and December. This year, we're expecting a similar split, likely larger, given that we launched two weeks later into the season in 2023 than we did last year. And what we are hearing from our different non-retail customers as well as our retail pharmacy partners is they are planning vaccination campaigns and marketing efforts to really capture on the November and December months. So, in total, we do anticipate getting to at least 50 million doses this year, and we do believe that November and December will be strong months for us. In terms of 2024, our assumption is everyone who has gotten their booster in 2023 will at least get their booster also in 2024 and beyond. Now, given the higher burden of disease with COVID, as consumers become more understanding of the annual recommendations and as the convenience of getting both flu and COVID becomes more normalized, we do believe over time we'll start to see some increase in the overall COVID market.
Arpa Garay: Great. Thank you for the question. So, we do anticipate that our combination vaccine will take a substantial share of the monotherapy vaccines that are available. We have seen in the pediatric vaccine market that upon availability of combinations, you see very strong uptake and conversion from monos to combinations, and we expect a similar trend in the adult market. From our market research, we have heard consistently from consumers that they prefer one shot over multiple shots. From a customer perspective, we are hearing, as Stéphane had mentioned, just with workload issues, one shot saves a lot of time and also helps them to get more patients protective. And from a broader healthcare system and government and payer perspective, we are hearing an increased need to help get greater uptake and compliance in adult vaccinations. And our healthcare authorities believe that combinations can help actually boost the vaccination rate. So, we are very excited about our combination products in the future and think this could really be an inflection point for our mandatory vaccines.
Arpa Garay: Thank you for the question. In terms of our expectations in 2024, we have put about $1 billion across international COVID and RSV. We do anticipate a strong launch in the second half of the year with RSV. And on the international side for COVID, we are continuing to pursue multiple options across a number of countries. In Japan, we will be in a fully commercial market, is our expectation, where we will be competing for the Japanese business. In the EU, we continue to work with countries on agreements to secure our COVID-19 vaccine. As publicly disclosed, the EU has renegotiated their contract with Pfizer earlier this year. So, the EU demand has been substantially satisfied in many markets, but we are hearing from individual member states that they are looking for a second supplier for vaccines. And we are in those discussions right now, both at a country level, but also at a European Commission level to see if a joint procurement agreement can be established in 2024.
