Stephane Bancel: Thank you, David, for that review of the quarter and those kind of words. More importantly, I would like to thank you for agreeing to come out of retirement in the spring of 2020 to help us scale Moderna at an unprecedented speed from an early-stage development U.S.-centric company to a commercial, global company. I am very grateful for you agreeing to come out of retirement to help us. Your work to get us to this point was crucial. You built a strong team and robust business processes. Thank you for also agreeing to stand as a consultant as we transition to your successor. And so, I want to wish you and your wife well in the next phase of your life. As many of you know, we announced that Jorge Gomez will join us as Chief Financial Officer, effective next Monday, May 9th. Jorge brings with him experience in the capacity of CFO for global health care organizations, which are Dentsply and Cardinal Health. Jorge has the same kind of high-quality finance training as David as a General Motor finance alumni. He has a broad set of international experiences in addition to having been CFO of publicly-traded companies. I would also like to welcome Arpa Garay who is joining us from Merck at the end of this month as our Chief Commercial Officer. She was a member of Merck Executive Committee where she most recently served as Head of Marketing. Arpa also has a very international background and multiple experiences in both sales and marketing. I look forward to partnering with these two leaders to continue to scale rapidly Moderna. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to review with you our 2022 priorities. Priority number one, to execute on the $21 billion of signed APAs and to prepare for a successful fall 2022 booster season. Priority number two, to execute on our four Phase 3 vaccine programs, an Omicron-containing COVID bivalent booster, flu booster, RSV booster and CMV primary series vaccine, which could lead to three respiratory commercial launches over the next two to three years. Priority number third, to expand beyond infectious disease vaccine into therapeutics and share proof-of-concept readouts for PA, MMA and PCV programs. Priority number four, to bring forward more mRNA candidates into clinical development. And last but not least, priority number five, to continue to expand our mRNA platform, so the possibility of mRNA impact to patients continues to increase over time. I also wanted to remind people of our upcoming events this year, including our Science Day in just two weeks on May 17th. We’ll also host our typical annual R&D Day in September, and first ESG Day in November. While we have had a profound impact on humanity over the last two years, we believe that what is ahead of us to help protect and treat hundreds of millions of people is even more exciting. We’ll continue to execute on our mission, and we thank you for your support. This is just the beginning. Operator, we’ll be happy to take questions now.
Stephane Bancel: Thanks, Stephen. Good morning, Salveen. It’s Stephane. So, as you know, in term of capital allocation, our priority number one is to invest in the business. We believe we have this really unique platform that is very different from typical pharma companies or biotech companies where we have an ability to scale very quickly. As we discussed today, we are actively preparing the pivotal studies and the launch of four programs in Phase 3, as we discussed. As you know, there’s a lot of programs in Phase 2. And I think there’s around 30 vaccines in development today. And Stephen has showed you today that we believe we have built for our platform and all our investment in digital and a great team, we have the ability in around 12 months to go from opening an IND in vaccine to starting the Phase 3. So, seeing where the pipeline is and where it’s going to be 12 months, 24 months from now, that is really exciting. And then, there’s therapeutics. We always get a question around COVID-19 for obvious reasons. But as we’ve said in our remarks, this year will be very exciting around therapeutics. We have two rare genetic disease programs that are well recruiting, as Stephen described, for which we are eager when we have it to share data with you. And assuming this is positive, we will do more in rare genetic disease. As you’ll recall, because you’ve been following the Company for a long time, we started with a few infectious vaccines and as we got more confirmation that the technology was working in human, and more recently, more capital, we had a very unprecedented acceleration of our infectious disease vaccine. Well, we plan to do the same in rare genetic diseases if we get positive clinical data and personalized cancer vaccines. And as you know, we have, as Stephen said, more cancer programs, autoimmune programs and also quite exciting to work with our partner, Vertex, toward getting following application, the CF mRNA candidate into the clinic. In terms of M&A, I can tell you, our teams have never been as busy. They are looking at a lot of opportunities literally across the world, across therapeutic area, but also technologies. And so, we will not be shy to invest to expand the platform, have approved technology or approved product, and that’s really where we are in terms of M&A. So, more to come when things get finalized and signed. And as you know, the third bucket of our priorities in terms of balance sheet is returning shareholders to capital via share buyback. And so this, as David said, we’ll continue to buy back share at attractive prices. And we’ll continue to have a dialogue with the Board as to what should we do after the current plan, if needed. But now, we’re focused on executing the current plan. Thank you.
Stephane Bancel: Yes. And maybe just to add, Gena it’s Stephane, on the pricing. As David said, as we move into endemic, as we’ve been saying, we’ll have to discuss with payers as part of kind of health economics and value of products as it’s done for every pharmaceutical product, especially in the U.S. And as you might be aware, CMS has already communicated that for fiscal year 2023, which starts in October 2022, the reimbursement for COVID-19 vaccine is going to be $60.
Stephane Bancel: And just to comment on the number of individuals who we think are at high risk. Clearly, it can change as we see the vaccine -- we’ve seen with the epidemiology of the virus, as Stephen commented earlier. But just going back to our Vaccines Day earlier, we think that that high-risk population is somewhere in the range of about 1.7 billion people worldwide.
Stephane Bancel: Sure. Tiffany, this is Stephane. So, indeed, while we are in discussion with the U.S. government, as you would assume, is appropriate. We’re also working toward assuming that there’s no government order -- or American order for vaccines. We want to make sure we can protect as many Americans as we can on vaccine. And so with our commercial U.S. team, we’re working very diligently, and David and I have spent quite some time in the last weeks and months to make sure that we have all the wholesaler contracts and all the pieces you need to be able to be commercial in the traditional sense of the world in vaccine. And we have quite a number of executives that are vaccine self experienced in the U.S. on our team. And so, while we hope that the U.S. government, like other countries in the world, will decide to place an order, like they’ve done in the past, to allow the maximum number people, including people uninsured to get vaccinated, we’re getting fully ready assuming the day zero order from the U.S. government, just in case if that happens. This is a 100% private market in the fall and the Company will be ready for that.
Stephane Bancel: Well, thank you very much for joining us today. We look forward to meeting a lot of you in person in Boston when we do the R&D Day two weeks from now. Have a great day. Thanks.
Stephen Hoge: Thank you, Salveen, it’s Stephen. So first, on the COVID booster and what we perceive as of today, subject to data and obviously collaborating with regulators. We are, as I said, most excited about our bivalent vaccine platform and including Omicron as the now dominant variant and family of subvariants that are infecting people today. Our objective, just like with our bivalent .211 booster data that I presented today, is to provide at least six months of protection from that. And because we think this will be a seasonal vaccine, that will be very similar to what people are used to from a flu perspective. Meaning in the Northern Hemisphere, you get boosted in the October time horizon that will cover you well through the early part of spring when transmission will subside. And so, provided that we are able to provide that duration of protection as we’ve demonstrated already with the .211, we actually think that that means a seasonal annual booster in the fall that would cover people for the year. And as I said, we think it will be the bivalent Omicron containing booster for this year. For 2023 plus, we would expect to continue to update the bivalent platform to reflect the then dominant or then at-risk circulating strains of the variant of concern. So, it maybe Omicron this year, it may be Omicron again next year, or it may be something new.
Stephen Hoge: Thanks. This is Stephen, Matthew. So, on the question of flu and where we are, we have been consulting with regulatory agencies globally, as you might imagine, around the path forward for our mRNA-1010 program. As there are issued guidance around accelerated approval that are still open, at the end of the day, we still believe that there’s a potential path towards an accelerated approval, at least in some markets with our mRNA-1010 program using a safety and immunogenicity endpoint as has been previously discussed. At the end of the day, that will be a review, Matt, and we’ll have to generate that data and have conversations on the back of that data with regulators as a path forward. But even if we do move forward with accelerated approval, which is the study that we’re starting the Q2 Phase 3 study that we’re talking about starting this quarter -- even if we do move forward on the back of that, we will have an obligation even under accelerated approval to demonstrate efficacy at some point in a follow-on study to move from accelerated to full approval. And so, because we’re certain of that need at some point, we are also planning to start a Phase 3 efficacy study, which will then be conducted perhaps in the Northern Hemisphere winter, this coming fall. And we also announced the plans for that. And what that would do is, we would hope, we find a path forward for both, the accelerated approval but also rapidly being able to move that to a full approval on the back of that efficacy result. Now for some reason, the accelerated approval is not available in some markets or all markets, we would instead go directly to full approval with a very short latency, given the timing of those two studies.
Stephen Hoge: Thank you, Michael. So, look, you point to the most important thing I’ll say, which is this remains a small number of patients. It’s a rare disease. And as you said, we’re looking now in Cohort 1 and Cohort 2 at our lowest dose levels, and we’re continuing to enroll. And I would expect, as is appropriate for a Phase 1 study where we are doing dose finding Phase 1/2, that we will continue to enroll and explore a range of doses, including potentially higher doses in a Cohort 3. Now, that said, we will have a body of data building. As we said, we’ve got 5 participants who’ve moved into the open-label extension. One has already -- at least one has already been approaching approximately a year on drug, a total of 75 doses. And so, as you look -- as you look at that body of data, it will start to provide potentially an early signal. And I think in that sense, the things that I will personally be looking at, I think we’ll be focused on. First and foremost, it’s clinical endpoints. It is the clinical endpoints that matter most to these patients, obviously. We are developing the medicine to try and prevent the sequelae disease. And so obviously, that includes things like metabolic decompensation events, hospitalization, other interventions, other progressions, signs of rare disease. And importantly, that’s something you really only measure over time as opposed to a biomarker, which I’ll get to in a second. You really need to see about what that looks like over time. Now, the benefit of where we will be this year is that we will have a reasonably large amount of time for these small number of patients on drug. And so, that’s something that we’ll be focused intensely on. But again, it’s small and that we’ll be looking at. When it comes to biomarkers, we’re looking at a range of biomarkers. It’s important to note there are no validated biomarkers in this disease. It’s not even guaranteed that we discover a validated biomarker in this disease. But obviously, it will be helpful as an evidence of pharmacology and the potential for benefit in clinical endpoints that we do try and measure those. And so, we’re looking at a range of biomarkers. We’ve described many of the ones that are associated with the disease. And that will be other data that we will have. As we pull together these first couple of cohorts and we have a cogent story to tell around them. And the balance of the clinical endpoints and the biomarker data together will help us decide whether we’ve found the correct dose to move forward or whether more work is needed to find more optimal dose for this patient population. I think the encouraging thing is, as we stand today, is that we do know there are patients that have been on drug for quite a long period of time. And that longitudinal experience allows us to look at clinical endpoints and also gives us some good indication, hopefully, where we’re going to be on safety, which is obviously essential for us to move forward.
Stephen Hoge: Sure. So, on RSV, so first, where we are on the data of our program, 1345, we think the titers, the neutralizing antibody titers, GMTs, we’ve seen, look, really strong relative to competitors. And we also feel quite optimistic and positive about our history of generating strong T-cell responses against respiratory viruses. And the mRNA platform, in particular, has demonstrated, we think, through the COVID pandemic, pretty remarkable performance relative to more traditional approaches. And so, the combination has us optimistic. We ultimately don’t need to go demonstrate in a clinical trial that potential benefit. And that’s a Phase 3 study that we’re now in and going full speed at. That Phase 3 study, like our other respiratory virus efficacy studies, is a case-driven design. And so at the end of the day, we have to enroll people, vaccinate them and then make sure that we accrue enough cases to conduct the interim and final analyses. That is something that we’re trying to make sure we’re enrolling in geographies where we expect and anticipate RSV surges. And there have been recent reports from a competitive landscape perspective of others modifying their studies to increase the number of enrolled subjects in their pivotal studies because perhaps they haven’t yet hit that rate of case accrual. In some ways, we think that provides us an opportunity to close even more ground because now we’re all rapidly working to try and demonstrate the potential of RSV vaccines to help the same older adult population. So, it’s beyond our control to know when exactly we will have those cases accrued. But obviously, we’ll be working hard to make sure that we’re as enriched as possible. Now from an overall competitive perspective, other than the vaccine, the freestanding RSV vaccine in older adults, which as I said, we’re quite optimistic about the GMTs T-cell response to platform, we are also studying combos. Because at the end of the day, these are not the only virus -- it’s not the only virus affecting these populations. And so, I’ll remind you that we have a RSV flu COVID combo, which we are going to start a clinical study on, we believe, this year, which would be a combination of all of the three most common respiratory pathogens that are impacting older adults. And as I said, a moment ago, we’ve fully enrolled our RSV and human metapneumovirus combination, which I’ll remind you, that’s in the pediatric population, another important population for RSV, where both of those viruses can lead to morbidity in young children. And so, we are continuing down our strategy of making sure that we’re not just addressing one pathogen, but that we’re providing the best potential health intervention, so that includes that combination strategy. And over time, we think as we demonstrate the potential of our platform against any individual virus, the part of the real value we will deliver to health care systems and patients is the ability to do those combinations quickly to reflect the epidemiology, the underlying patient population is different in younger kids than it is in older adults.
Stephen Hoge: Great. Thank you for the question. And it is going to be a mix of all of the factors you listed. So first, let me talk about PA and what that readout means for us as a platform. So, it is our most advanced rare disease platform with an mRNA LNP targeted for those metabolic diseases. And in that sense, MMA and PA, both, will provide validation that the technology risk associated with that are addressed. And that would cause us, from a derisk perspective, from a strategy perspective to expand the number of diseases we go into quite quickly there that could use that same technology. We have been waiting for that readout. We haven’t sat on our hands though, although that we have a third program, GSD1a with an open IND that as we’ve said before, in a slightly -- is in a different lipid nanoparticle system. So, we’ve continued to look at whether other improvements could help. And we’ll continue to look at those. But obviously, if we have a very strong signal out of PA, we will be on gating other programs that can benefit from the technology that would then be derisked from the PA program. When it comes to just the challenges of conducting these studies, I’ll remind you that these are, unfortunately, very Ill children often in these studies and relatively rare diseases. And so, yes, it has been difficult throughout the pandemic in an experimental context to bring people in. And there have been several times during the last two years that we have actually taken an active decision with investigators and families, not to be enrolling people, because obviously bringing sick children into hospitals was exposing them to risks around SARS-CoV-2. They are obviously also even more recently in the Omicron surge. Lots of disruption that these institutions have faced as staff and others have become ill, and therefore, we can’t connect the studies. We hope that a lot of that is behind us now as we move to an endemic phase for SARS-CoV-2, and that that will -- that we will really see a pickup in our ability to continue to execute the study. So, we’re proud of the progress we’ve made in the last year.
David Meline: Sure. So, on the first one, in terms of the outlook for sales in 2022, I think the most important point is COVAX had an option for additional doses in 2022, which they chose not to exercise. So that’s impacted the outlook. We formally were reporting options that could be taken up. That’s been taken off the table as they didn’t exercise. And what we see is in our plans in the $21 billion, there continue to be some volume for COVAX. They are actually the consolidator of demand from the countries. So, what they need to do is get the confirmed requirements from each country and then that becomes a confirmed order to the Company. And notwithstanding having contracts, there’s still that process they have to go through. So, that’s why we want to flag there’s some level of uncertainty associated with the timing of that demand that we’re reflecting in the APAs. And then, of course, we have, as we’ve said before, a number of negotiations and discussions going on with other countries around the world as we look forward to the fall season and look forward to the variant booster offerings that are making their way through the approval process. So, likewise, that presents some potential for additional sales that are not presently in the APA count for this year.
David Meline: Yes. So, we had -- it was a pretty broad spread. I don’t have top-of-mind the specific quantities by country or region. But it was a pretty a broad spread of demand if you look across the world in the first quarter.
David Meline: Sure. So, yes, so I’m not sure I have too much to add in terms of the color as to the outlook for the balance of the year. Certainly, again, the $21 billion, we don’t, right now, have included any contracts as a result of additional U.S. business, which we think is quite likely, we certainly believe there’s a recognition of the need for boosters in the U.S. and the dialogue is quite active. That’s also true around the world with our customers in other countries and regions. And then, we wanted to be clear that in the case of COVAX, which is as we’ve said before, the lowest priced business in the portfolio, but we have confirmed contracts there in place. And we wanted to flag that they are, as I said, a consolidator of underlying demand. And they continue to work through in those developing markets what is exactly that demand picture and what is the timing of it and the ability of those countries to absorb the product that they’re receiving. So, we wanted to flag that. Quite frankly, if you ask me, should this be an issue of big concern in terms of the total outlook, I would tell you I would put it as quite modest. But, we’re trying to give some sense as to the range of outcomes in terms of this information.
David Meline: Yes, sure. Yes. So, if I track that, in terms of pricing, that’s correct. We have had and we continue to have based on the customer mix this year versus last year, we had indicated that we’ll have a year-over-year decline in the average price of product being sold when we look at the $21 billion of APAs compared to last year’s actual. And the key contributor to that decline for the year is, in fact, the inclusion of COVAX volume in the confirmed APAs that we previously were discussing. So, that contributes to an average sale price decline. Will that sale price on average in 2022 change from that outlook? Yes, it can to the extent there were change in volume for COVAX, including if it were some of the volume were to defer beyond ‘22 into ‘23, for example, that would improve your average price calculation. And then, likewise, to the extent which we’ve indicated, we have an expectation of additional sales of product in 2022 for the fall season, including potentially for private market, should that develop. That would then presumably have a favorable impact on the average price. So, hopefully that is clear.
David Meline: Yes. It’s a good question. We’ve tried to give you the indication of the trends for expenses across the business. What I would expect to continue is a very significant investment in R&D as that pipeline progresses and expands. And I would say, it shouldn’t be surprising if you see -- if you move past 2022 that you’ll see a continued increase in the investments in that area, presuming success, which we’re feeling very good about. And then, in terms of the other considerations in terms of cost, in terms of SG&A and if you look at the business now, we’ve substantially built out the Company, as we’ve talked about, as a global commercial enterprise. So, I think we’re -- while perhaps not precisely there yet, we’re largely there in terms of if you look at the structure of the business globally. So, that I think you might consider to be more of a steady state. So, that would be my initial comments on the thinking on that.
