Stéphane Bancel: Thank you, Lavina. Good morning or good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our Q4 2021 conference call. Today, I will start by a quick business review of fiscal year ‘21 before Paul walks you through some real-world evidence data. Stephen will then review our clinical programs before David presents our financial results. I will then come back to close to share some thoughts about where we are heading. We are pleased to report today $18.5 billion of revenues for fiscal year 2021 and the GAAP net income of $12.2 billion, translating to a GAAP diluted earnings per share of $28.29 billion, (sic) [$28.29] with a cash balance at the end of the year of $17.6 billion. We announced this morning that we have completed our August 2021 $1 billion share buyback plan, which reduced our average share count during the fourth quarter for the first time in the Company history. I am very proud of our team’s ability to advance as well as expand with new programs our development pipeline. In respiratory vaccines, for COVID, as you know, we received full BLA approval from the U.S. FDA for Spikevax. With authorization for 12 to 17 years old in key markets globally, we are running a 50-microgram dose study in the U.S. for adolescents following discussions with the FDA. We are pleased to report that we have also started to receive authorization for children aged 6 to 11 years of age, beginning in Australia last week, with more countries expected in the days and weeks to come. We also dosed the first participants in our Omicron-specific vaccine trial, mRNA-1273.529. And today, we’re announcing that we plan to bring mRNA-1273.214, bivalent vaccine, combining the wild-type vaccine mRNA-1273 and the Omicron vaccine mRNA-1273.529 into one single dose booster into the clinic with a total mass of microgram. We are very excited that now RSV is in Phase 3. This is our third vaccine starting the Phase 3. And for flu, we are waiting the Phase 2 data for mRNA-1010. As soon as we have them, we will pick a dose and will initiate our Phase 3 for flu, and we will start our Phase 1 for COVID plus flu program, mRNA-1273. For latent viruses, CMV is enrolling in Phase 3, EBV and HIV are now in Phase 1, and we were very excited to announce last week that we’re adding two new latent virus programs to our development pipeline, one vaccine against HSV and one vaccine against VZV. More latent viruses’ vaccines are in the works in our labs. In therapeutics, PA and MMA are in the clinic dosing and recruiting more patients. We announced a new checkpoint cancer vaccine, mRNA-4359, and Merck has informed us that they are restoring the rights to the KRAS vaccine, while evaluating future steps for this program. The Company continues to expand at a rapid pace. We now have one approved medicine; two in Phase 3, RSV and CMV; and five in Phase 2, for a total of 44 programs. We are deploying capital to accelerate and expand the pipeline. The Company now has 3,000 team members across the world, with a great culture, and 11 commercial subsidiaries across Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific, while $17 billion cash balance at the end of the year is enabling us to scale across research, development, manufacturing, commercial and G&A. With this, let me now turn to Paul.
Stéphane Bancel: Thank you, Stephen. Good morning, Michael. So, let me maybe talk about it in two angles. The first one is, as we said this morning, in these increased APAs, we’ve announced at $19 billion, there is no signed APA for -- between Moderna and the U.S. government. So, the number in there from the U.S. is zero. And because there’s no option either that the government has from a previous contract -- the U.S. government has no option currently. So there is $0 in the $3 billion of options probabilized. What is not clear today is what would the U.S. government decide to do for the fall of 2022. We’ve seen what they’ve done in ‘20 and ‘21, buy vaccines from the manufacturers and give them away for free, for the first, second and third dose. Will it be a private market or will be a mix of both the private and free vaccine available because you could see where we are, if we can sell to private markets, there’s private networks and even companies that might want to procure the vaccines. And that’s a bit that is not clear. So it’s why in a very conservative manner, because what we have communicated so far are signed APAs or options, and because the U.S. government has zero, we did not include any of those numbers.
Stéphane Bancel: So, let me start. So, I will not comment on the U.S. pricing for obvious reasons because of our discussions with the governments. I think as we said before, once this goes into a normal private market, we do expect the pricing to be higher. We think the vaccine does not reflect -- sorry, the price doesn’t reflect the value of a vaccine from a pharmacoeconomic standpoint. And I mean, the options, the $3 billion, so there are just different stage -- some are just waiting funding from governments to move into fully signed APAs. Some are things with COVAX that has a place or as for future needs. So, I don’t think they need to be a new variant for some of it to happen, and plus, the U.S. on top of that. But again, we have never managed through a pandemic and through a transition from pandemic to endemic. So, we want to be cautious and prudent. But I think it doesn’t need a new variant for a material chunk, over $3 billion, to move into signed APAs.
Stéphane Bancel: Well, thank you very much everybody for joining. I look forward to talking to you in the coming days and weeks, and especially to welcome you at our Vaccine Day, which will be exciting, in March. Thank you.
Stephen Hoge: Sure. Thank you for the question, Salveen. So first, in the rare disease space, it’s important to recognize that these are our Phase 1/2 studies, both the PA and MMA study. And I’ll speak to the PA study mostly because, as I said a moment ago, it’s the one that is -- has enrolled its first cohort and is moving forward with enrollment. So, first and foremost, we are going to be looking at safety in these studies, as you’d expect from a Phase 1/2. And so, one of the most important things to establish is, can we continue to dose, unfortunately, very ill people, or children in the case of both of these studies with mRNA, LNPs for up to six months or even longer, if they stay on the open-label extension. And establishing the safety of the platform on chronic dosing repeatedly over 6 to 12 months is an important objective of that part of the study. When it comes to efficacy, again, these are early studies and small in number as usually is the case with rare diseases. And so, I have to be careful about interpreting any of the data from the early clinical reads too concretely. But the things we’ll be looking for, first and foremost, we’ll be looking at the performance of the medicines in terms of preventing clinical outcomes. And so, in the case of propionic acidemia, these will be major metabolic decompensation events or hospitalizations that do happen with some regularity, unfortunately, for those folks who suffer from these rare diseases or disease like PA. And we will also be looking at biomarkers, and so specifically, biomarkers that have correlated with preclinical disease, and perhaps to a lesser extent, with some of the existing transplant-based therapeutic interventions in these diseases. But, it’s important to note that across all of these things in the biomarker space, there are not, unfortunately, validated biomarkers for these diseases because they have not yet been therapeutics approved. And so, it will be a balance between looking at efficacy signals early, to be fair, potential signals of improvements in clinical outcomes, and looking at biomarkers across a relatively small number of individuals. And so, there will be heterogeneous disease, both genetically and in terms of their performance. Our hope is when we get composite of data that’s clear, that we’ll be able to then present that and have discussions with regulators, which is the second part of your question, and have a discussion about what outcomes matter most for a potential pivotal study if we continue forward. But we do believe that the things that will ultimately matter most are clinical outcomes, and so, the prevention of major decompensation events and hospitalizations, and obviously, although the studies will be small in patient number, perhaps even hospitalization and death. So, we’ll be looking for those sorts of signals from our early studies. But it’s important to recognize, as I said a moment ago, these are relatively small number, and we’ll want to be circumspect in how we move forward into those efficacy studies. And those regulatory consultations will be based on those data, and we’ll provide updates when we have it. On the PCV program, as you said, we have completed enrollment in the Phase 2 study of PCV. And we expect that that PCV -- as a reminder, that is a head-to-head comparison of KEYTRUDA alone versus KEYTRUDA plus vaccine. And we’re looking at relapse-free survival in approximately a year. That data, we would expect to come in the fourth quarter of this year. And because it is a randomized head-to-head study, I could provide a clear signal of the potential benefit of personalized cancer vaccines versus KEYTRUDA alone, which is obviously the standard we’re going for. That data would emerge based on when we complete enrollment and announce that completement in the fourth quarter this year. And based on that data, we would consult with regulators and obviously decide how to proceed forward if it’s positive.
Stephen Hoge: Great. Thank you, Gena, for both those questions. So first, a clarification on the flu data. We do not believe that the Phase 2 data alone would be fileable. And that’s based on previously published regulatory guidance, not specific guidance to Moderna. But ultimately, we don’t think Phase 2 on flu alone, which is an immunogenicity -- safety immunogenicity study of approximately several hundred, is sufficient for filing. The question is, from a filing perspective, what sorts of Phase 3 studies are necessary and whether or not an accelerated approval is possible based on just safety and immunogenicity or whether we will need to demonstrate efficacy in an independent efficacy study, a Phase 3 efficacy study prior to filing. And those are consultations that have not yet happened with regulators, but will on the back of that Phase 2 data that we expect shortly. It’s important to note that there are precedents for accelerated approvals based just on safety and immunogenicity in a Phase 3 study, which would be a few thousand people. But you always have to then follow up with an efficacy study perhaps post approval. And so, in summary, we expect to have to do an efficacy study in flu at some point. The question is whether or not it would be before or after accelerated approval with a Phase 3 immunogenicity and safety study. That Phase 3 study would follow on the current Phase 2 study, and we don’t think that the Phase 2 study alone is viable. We do intend, as I said previously and as we said before, to try and start those Phase 3 studies, whether they’re efficacy safety immunogenicity study this year. On the question of the 1273 adolescent filing in the U.S., and so the FDA has not provided -- has not completed its review of the 100-microgram adolescent primary series. And we have decided on consultation with them to evaluate a lower dose, a 50-microgram primary series dose in -- of adolescents 12 to 17. It’s important to note that the 12 to 17 adolescent 100-microgram primary series has been approved globally in many other markets, and we believe has been administered quite broadly, perhaps up to over 1 million adolescents globally. And so we’ll continue to collect that real-world data as well as the observational data from our monitoring studies. And as and when appropriate, submit that to the FDA for their continued evaluation of the 100-microgram primary series. We are in the interim -- given the strong real-world efficacy data that we’ve seen for Spikevax on 1273, particularly in immune-compromised population. We are in the interim preparing an EUA filing in the United States for 100 micrograms for immune compromised adolescents or those at high risk of severe outcomes from disease because we think the strong efficacy profile of mRNA-1273 at 100 micrograms provides a clear benefit risk in that population. We do believe that 100 micrograms provides a benefit more broadly, which is why it’s been authorized globally. But we’ll continue to work with the FDA and the U.S. to evaluate other potential dose-sparing strategies and submit that data as we develop it.
Stephen Hoge: So, thanks, Matthew. I’ll take the first two questions. So first, on flu, it’s obviously not in our hands alone. We will -- whether we would be able to connect with the FDA and get feedback back. As we all know, the agency globally, but also the agency in the United States, agencies are -- have a lot going on right now. And so, there may be some delays in getting that feedback. So, it is not -- we will probably share the Phase 2 data as we have it. And we will obviously rapidly consult with agencies, but we will not negate on hearing back from agencies before we share that data, and our plans are moving forward. But, if it’s possible to get that response more quickly, obviously, that will be something we’ll share at that time. So I wouldn’t expect it, it’s a short version, of being able to have that agency feedback, but it’s possible, and we’ll keep our fingers crossed that perhaps the agencies can turn that around more quickly. On PA, so the number of dose level cohorts. I think it’s important to say that there are sort of two features here that we’ll be looking at. Obviously, the dose level cohorts, so how many different dose level or dose frequency cohorts that we’re looking at in that study? But also, then the duration of time on that study because the primary objective of the intervention of the PA program particularly is to prevent the major metabolic decompensations. And so, that is also something that requires time to accrue, so that you can understand within an individual patient, whether you’ve changed the rate of those recurring events. And so, it’s a mix of two things. I mean, I think we would probably expect to see two to three dose level cohorts. But also, given the rate of enrollment, that would probably also allow us to accrue approximately a year on drug for many of the early recipients. And that combination, those who’ve been on for a while as well as seeing what dose escalation can achieve perhaps in biomarkers, will be the composite data that we think will allow us to make a determination whether we’ve got the right dose level and whether we’ve got a clear indication and benefit, and obviously, whether or not we’re seeing chronic safety and tolerability, which we will expect. And if we have that data and it feels clear, then we will move to regulatory consultation on the next step to clinical studies, and obviously, update all of you with that information. So, not a concrete number of dose level cohorts, but more a function of both time on drug for the early cohorts and perhaps a second or third dose level cohort of data that will provide us with that clarity. And I’ll turn it over, I think, David for the third question.
Stephen Hoge: Great, Michael. So I’ll take the first question and perhaps turn it over to Stéphane on the second. So, in terms of the strategy, so the most important thing to start with maybe is that 1273 as a booster already exists. And so, that is a booster candidate. Although we’re evaluating a fourth dose, we’d expect to have that safety data relatively quickly in the immunogenicity data, and we’ve seen strong real-world evidence of mRNA-1273. And so that booster candidate is obviously something that’s well known to markets and could be available quite quickly. We’re evaluating the Omicron-specific and the Omicron-containing bivalent or 214 in two studies that are ongoing right now. Now, the challenge with all of that, and I think it’s where your question is going, is that when you’re trying to evaluate durability, a difference in durability, that takes time. And so, while we’re running these studies, both the Omicron and Omicron-containing bivalent, and we expect to have data in the first half of this year, that would be one month post boost, and we could turn around and establish, we believe, the safety and the potential benefit of those boosters. And we would hope that the bivalent would continue to be even more compelling. The challenge is that it’s going to be very hard to achieve six months of durability data before Q3. And that’s just a function of time. If you boost people now, it will take time to get that day 181 or six-month durability data that we’ve already started to show with our bivalent vaccines. And so, the question then becomes, how do we proceed from a filing perspective if we’re aiming at the fall for 2022? And those are consultations that are ongoing with regulators now. We do have the benefit of having tested multiple previous bivalent vaccines. And we do have the benefit of being able to use the six-month follow-up data there to start to evaluate this potential for better durability. And so, you could imagine a world where we proceed with the one-month data on our bivalent vaccine showing safety and non-inferiority perhaps against the existing variants, including perhaps the certain variants of concerns known as Omicron. And that we follow up over time, perhaps in the early part of the fall, with data that would confirm the improvement in durability. And then, we would rely on the fact that the previous bivalent vaccine like mRNA-211 had shown that benefit of durability against previous variants of concern, including some that contain some of the same mutations seen in Omicron. And so, it’s a relatively complicated picture because we all -- we do believe, as we’ve said, that it is time to update the vaccine against the mutations that are currently circulating and to improve the durability against those new variants of concern. But it does run into the challenge of timing of those filings. And so, those consultations with regulators are all going. And we’ll provide updates as we align with them on the path forward. That’s quite different than the public health decision from governments as to which vaccines they may want to prepare to stockpile in advance of a fall booster season, which likely can proceed in parallel even without the regulatory filings as it has in the past as it did during the original first wave of the pandemic. So, with that, maybe I’ll turn it over to Stéphane to talk about the fall in the U.S.
