Stéphane Bancel: Let me take those different questions. Let me start with the short term. Yes, we really believe we can fix those short-term supply issues. As I tried to explain in my remarks, those are what I would qualify as teething problems of scaling up so fast. In Q1, it was all about making enough drug substance and we are literally now waiting to have enough drug substance to fill vials. And as the teams scaled very nicely, in Q2, the challenge we had internally was all about filling vials. And the complexity of Q3 has really moved to, I would say, the back end of the supply chain, which is releasing product and shipping products. And the complexity has been around just a number of markets we have to serve. Beginning of the year, it was mostly shipping to CDC in the US and Europe, and that was it. But then as we increased the number of countries to many dozens by now, the complexity is just increasing and it's even further now that we are serving COVAX. We need to go country by country.  So, that's just the type of teething problems that we are experiencing right now. We have increased personnel. We have invested in digital to help the teams. So, I already expect this to be resolved like we resolved the drug substance challenges in Q1 and the drug product challenges in Q2.  In terms of drug substance, yes, we could see make up to 3 billion doses in terms of material. As you know, that number was really depending on the booster dose. And now that we're on the other side of that decision with 50-microgram dose, we confirm we could make up to 3 billion doses, if there was a need for it. The challenge in 2022 is going to really be around product form because, as the market moves to an endemic market, you're going to need basically vials to be able to go to less number of dose per vial. Again, in a pandemic setting, as you know, we launched with 10 dose per vial, which we think was really adapted. In low-income countries, we even add more into vials now.  But as we think about the endemic market and we're trying to serve pandemic and endemic at the same time, we just need to keep adding presentation to be relevant to healthcare workers and to healthcare systems around the world. So drug substance will not be an issue. There's, of course, as I described, potential upside to those numbers. We still have quite a number of APAs being discussed with countries around the world. We don't know what will happen in terms of epidemiology. Is there a new variant coming? Is it a variant where the current vaccines is still helpful or we need, as Stephen described, a new booster. There is, of course, a big question mark here that we're all following epidemiology literally on a daily basis. And then, there's so many for boosting people around the world that have had non-mRNA vaccines. As everybody knows, there is a problem of waning immunity over time. So, time is not our friend as people see the level of antibody going down and as we have new variants like Delta or potentially others. But we should not forget that most people around the planet have not had an mRNA vaccine injected in their body to date. And so, we believe there is an important need to boost people with mRNA vaccines. And as Paul showed the real world evidence including the data from CDC and Switzerland, the more we get data and the more time we have been to see, we see a net differentiation between products. And this doesn't go unnoticed by governments around the world who are working really hard to preventing hospitalization and death.  And so, there is upside to that. Again, it's a very unpredictable environment. None of us has worked through a pandemic before thankfully. But you will be assured that we will keep scaling up manufacturing, we'll keep in getting with government, so that we can maximize how we can help people and the revenue should follow from that.
Stéphane Bancel: Maybe just to add to Stephen's point, Matthew, I think we should not forget the company's strategy, which is on combination. We believe that combining flu and COVID boosters in a single dose and then adding allergy is the critical central part of our strategy. We think it has tremendous value for compliance, for protection. It has a tremendous value in terms of convenience to the consumers. I do not believe that most people will want the flu shot and a COVID shot and an allergy shot every fall. And as we heard from the payer and healthcare workers, that's the value of our product. So we believe the combination is really a critical success factor.
Stéphane Bancel: Maybe just to add just a bit of color. I've had a chance to speak with a couple of health ministers across the world in the last week or two. And I think people are very clear that the risk is low, that it's very manageable, as Paul said, and it's only in the male 18 to 24. And those health ministers were clear about going back to the risk profile that Stephen just mentioned. They care about having a winter where they don't have hospitals exploding again. And this is driven by the 50 and above, the 40 and above where they know the vaccine, as Paul mentioned, with the data from the US or Switzerland or many other countries that 1273 vaccine seems to be a vaccine providing the longest protection of efficacy, and that's what they care about. And so, I think that people are getting educated and looking at the data. They're just trying to look at the facts and figure out, in a very practical way, how do they keep the economies running, how they keep people out of hospitals and are very focused on the high population. As you know, in many countries, the boosters are not approved in the younger population, whereas they are being really advertised and promoted in the older population, so that people get boosted and don't get sick and hospitalized this winter.  On the US government, Gena, we don't comment on volume. US government is a private contract to the government. But indeed, there are some shift from Q4 to next year, both Q1 and Q2.
Stéphane Bancel: Thank you, Cory. So let me take this apart. The APAs do not have options. When we say $17 billion of APAs, those are firm orders, signed orders and all our APAs have upfront payments. David did a nice job walking you through the cash upfront we are receiving for those contracts. It's one of the way that we are conducting our business. We want people to be very committed and to have a material upfront of the total value of a deal when they sign. The options components that we characterize as up to $3 billion as of today, those are true options, meaning people are reserving capacity. And sometimes it's for financing rhythm because, again, as I said, we do not do APAs without upfront.  And one of the best example that's today public is COVAX. We had to do a quarterly option with COVAX. As I said, it just exercised that Q2 option at the end of Q3. But Q3 2022 and Q4 2022 COVAX are still options and it's mostly because of a funding issue. They don't have the cash. They get cash from their different funders, which are mostly government and foundation, on the kind of a month-to-month basis. And so, we did that to help COVAX and to do the right thing to help the planet. As you know, we don't have to do options. We say, if you want the vaccine when you sign a contract and you pay an upfront, but with COVAX we have to do so. We thought it was the right thing to do. And so, we expect, if they want their Q3 volume, that in Q1, they will exercise the options – sorry, end of Q4, they exercise the options [indiscernible].  On the endemic and [indiscernible] of the sales over the year, I think it will be dangerous to assume at this stage one way or another in terms of first half and second half because of volume and also pricing. As you get the sense, the COVAX, the African Union and [indiscernible] deals we have lower prices and David mentioned that, tiered pricing. And so, there might be a large volume, but the price might be way lower than what the commercial market could drive, which we believe is going to be above what has been the pandemic price again because of volume. And so, we have people stocking ahead of when they need to inject in pharmacies. I would be cautioned that assuming Q1 can be lower than Q2 is a bit too early.
Stéphane Bancel: On the fall of 2022, so the commercial team has spent quite a lot of time modeling different assumptions in terms of volume of people who want the booster, market share, and, of course, pricing. I cannot comment further for competitive reason right now, especially on the pricing piece, but we will do that in due time. But indeed, it's typical commercial analysis that the team that has done many times before in other companies have run through the last few months.
Stéphane Bancel: Well, thank you very much, everybody, for joining us. And if you have any further questions, you know where to reach Lavina and the team. Have a great day. Bye.
Stephen Hoge: This is Stephen. I'll try and take those questions. So, first, look, I think it's most important to say that what we communicated and desired to be maximally transparent last week was that the FDA, unlike other regulators, has asked for some more time to review emerging recent data. And that might take until January.  I think your question is how is that different vis-à-vis what happened with the Pfizer vaccine. I think the most important thing to recognize is that the Pfizer adolescent vaccine was authorized prior to any substantial discussion about myocarditis as a benefit or as a risk. In fact, the signal emerged a few weeks later just before we made our filing. And I think a prudent approach there was to – there was a VRBPAC conducted, there was ongoing discussions. But what we've continued to see over the last four or five months is that for both mRNA vaccines, there's a question of whether there's an increased rate of myocarditis above background in 18 to 24-year-old males, a relatively small population, but an important one. And I think it's in the face of those continuing emerging questions that the FDA has been diligent and appropriately conservative in their approach and making sure they have the time to review those. And they have continued to come out over time. And so, I think, principally, what we're seeing here as the difference is a function of timing, which is that the other vaccine had been authorized prior to this concern and there has been continued emerging data around that.  We are very grateful to the FDA for that diligence. I would note that the same information are available to other regulators. And as I have said before, we are authorized for that population internationally. And fortunately, as Paul characterized, we have not seen an increased rate of myocarditis in 12 to 17-year-olds. And we think, over time, the substantial benefits of our vaccine will ultimately win out here. And so, we look forward to continuing to work with the FDA. So, that's my best version of what I think we heard from them last week. The question about how we see that evolving over time. Obviously, internationally, we are participating in the market. In the United States, adolescent vaccinations have substantially tailed off, as we all would note. And so, the extent that there is an ongoing need in the United States for vaccination, it is a diminishing market for sure. And again, this is a primary series vaccine. And so, we do hope that most people in the world will seroconvert and not need a primary series moving forward.  The question then of what is that endemic market going forward that is of greatest import. And I've tried to summarize that in our view of the evolution of this virus and what that need will be. It is, we believe, in the future, a booster market. And the booster market, targeted at those populations that are at higher risk of respiratory disease. Those populations tend to be older adults and immunecompromised. Places where we think mRNA-1273 is demonstrating really remarkable efficacy, differentiated perhaps. But publicly reported data is really encouraging on that dimension.  And I would note that is not a population that's associated to date with any of the vaccines that have an increased rate of myocarditis. And so, the benefit risk there, we think, even swings more favorably to 1273, but we'll allow data to continue to develop and ultimately drive this behavior. So we are quite encouraged by the performance of the vaccine in a population that we think is going to be most important in the years ahead. The last question was on flu, which is what do we think about that data. Obviously, as you pointed to, there are correlates of protection that have been used previously with HAI titers in influenza vaccine. We will be looking at that, as I'm sure everybody will, as well as other responses in the immune system as we continue to try and identify the optimal dose. I'm not going to put out there a view of what I think our view of success will look like. I would just say that we have very high expectations for our platform. Now we do believe that our performance in older adults, including with the COVID vaccine, but also more recently with the RSV booster study in Phase I demonstrates that our platform does incredibly well in those at highest risk of these respiratory viral diseases. And so, we're optimistic that we will continue to show strong performance, hopefully strongest performance in those populations. But I won't give you a specific titer number today.
Stephen Hoge: I'll take that too. So, first, I think we're very excited about the programs that are already in the clinical space, either already dosing patients or about to start. And so, I think the most important thing is looking forward to next year, the demonstration, we would hope, of proof of concept in that rare disease modality. As you know, we are dosing quite a large number of folks in propionic acidemia and we've been dosing in methylmalonic acidemia. With the opening of the GSD1a IND, we'd hope to be following a short order there. So, all three of those are potentials for us to demonstrate the real proof that this technology can be used to correct inborne errors of metabolism in these populations.  I'll also note that there's a quite a wide range of disease going down to as young as two years of age in some of the organic acidemias and also the older adults in some of the GSD1a program. So, we're going to be demonstrating quite a lot there.  Crigler Najjar presents another opportunity for that proof-of-concept as well as the PKU program when that moves forward, but those are still in preclinical, as I said. So the question is what do we do on the back of that proof-of-concept from any one or all of those programs. What you've seen us do in respiratory vaccines and in vaccines generally is probably the best predictor of how we will respond, which is, as you know, there are a very, very large number of metabolic diseases that could be addressed to deliver through mRNA therapy. We could list off large groups, the urea cycle of disorders, other organic acidemias, so many beyond that. And even in moving into more broadly present metabolic diseases. So, what we would do is we would define that systemic intracellular therapeutic modality as a core modality, just like we did with vaccines a couple of years ago. And that would cause us to dramatically expand that pipeline.  Now I can assure you we're looking at those programs in research right now, but we have held back on moving them into preclinical development and putting them on our pipeline until we've seen the modalities perform.  So that is probably the most important thing for me, looking at the rare and orphan disease space over the course of the coming year, is when do we cross that threshold and then, ultimately, when do we expand dramatically that pipeline of programs.
Stephen Hoge: I'll try and clarify that answer on seroconversion rates. It is a Phase I study. And so we are looking at a range of doses and I have not got access to the data. So, I don't want to presuppose the specific answer yet. As soon as we have the data, we will provide our thorough interpretation of it. However, as you point out, generally seroconversion is defined as a fourfold rise in titers above baseline, and we've done that in some of our other studies. And we will be looking at that from the percentage of people who've achieved that seroconversion. And most important to me, we'll be looking at consistency of that percentage across ages. In particular, the older adults where you often don't achieve the type of the same level of immunogenicity, but we believe with our platform will.  There are other endpoints as well in terms of seroprotection defined as absolute titers, again greater than 40 is accepted. We will look how high that goes because that can also be reassuring. But I don't think right now we're ready to guide on a specific target that we will declare success other than looking again at that fourfold rise for measuring seroconversion across the range of agents that we'll be studying in the study.
Stephen Hoge: Just as a closing comment, I would just reference, we have entered in some of these markets into a very interesting phase of the pandemic, which is that we are in the lower risk population and we are providing vaccination to them as appropriate. So, as we do that, we're looking at benefit/risk in increasingly cautious ways, and that's appropriate. But as we look forward to next year and we start thinking about boosting, and particularly, the seasonal market of protecting those that are highest risk, I think that calculus obviously changes pretty dramatically. And so, I think we are in a period of time where we are, again, looking at the lowest risk populations. And I think that is transient period time ultimately because it is high risk populations that are of greatest concern looking forward from 2022.
Stephen Hoge: What we're going to be looking at in the combinations are actually the things that you just pointed to. And so, in particular, we do believe the – most of the value of respiratory vaccination in the near term boosting will be in older adults, 50-plus or 60-plus depending upon how you want to look at it. Very similar to the RSV population, certainly for the flu population and recommendations globally. And we think COVID moves that direction as well.  And so, as we look to the first part of the question, where do we intend to optimize that ratio in immunogenicity, it really is towards those higher risk populations that do need, we think, a respiratory booster every year. When it comes to looking at the – what are the combination of things that we're going to be doing in selecting that ratio in dose, obviously, it's mostly going to be immunogenicity and the tolerability profile. Fortunately, these vaccines have been very safe to date in these older adult populations. None of the concerns that we're having about myocarditis really exists in the 50 plus, 60 plus populations. And so, we feel very confident on the overall safety profile.  But the question will be, where are we in optimizing the immunogenicity against endpoints that are pretty well validated now in COVID, and where are we against the immunogenicity against endpoints that are also broadly accepted in influenza. We will be doing this for a range of different – it's a four-strain, seasonal strain vaccine. And so, we'll want to make sure there's no interference between those and that we're able to achieve strong balance immunity across the four flu strains plus the COVID vaccine.  I think we have approximate targets based on the immunogenicity we saw from Phase III and the immunogenicity we're seeing in the booster studies. But the open question is are we going to need all of that for the COVID portion of our vaccine going forward. And so, we'll continue to follow over time whether we see more durable protection and, therefore, you might be able to optimize further that dose, if there was a reason to do so.  And then, the second part is with the seasonal annual flu component. We just want to understand, particularly in the older adult population where flu vaccines have had less clear efficacy every season, is maybe the way I'll say it, and there is an opportunity for improvement by raising those titers.  We're going to want to look to whether or not we need to get those titers above what have been achieved by others. And I'll note that there's a precedent even for high dose flu vaccines in that market that have been differentiated on price and grabbing market share. And so, it could cause us to look in that 60-plus or 50-plus population at really indexing more to those flu antigens and making sure that we exceed or at least achieve that similar high degree of seroconversion there. So, those are the factors that we'll look at around the 1073 program that we've announced. We're looking at a range of ratios.  Fortunately, we're going to have experience. We already have experience in flu and COVID from our prior work, and it will be a demonstration, we hope, of the ability to combine vaccines.  I will note, as a final comment, we have done combination respiratory vaccines in the past, including in adults with the 1653 program. And so, we do have a basis, we're beginning to think, about how we might combine those antigens going forward. But ultimately, we'll let the 1073 study and the early clinical experiences there be confirmatory around this.
Stephen Hoge: And on the enrollment of CMV, thank you for the question. The answer from our target perspective is as fast as we can because we ultimately think there's just such a huge unmet need here, and we're excited to get the study going. There are some caveats that I should put around that, which is it probably won't be as fast as we did in COVID, which was obviously in a couple of months because we are targeting a population at high risk of disease. And in this case, we're looking for women of child-bearing age who are exposed to seroconversion with CMV. And that is often those that are exposed to children because that's the primary vector for those infections. And so, we want to make sure that we get the right population. And that matters because this is a case-driven study. As we're kind of familiar with based on COVID-19, it's the number of cases that we achieve that will ultimately dictate those interim analyses that we're looking for in the time ahead. And so, it makes sense to try and enrich for the at-risk population. So you might see a slower enrollment curve or it might go really fast. We're going to work as hard as we can to go very fast. But the most important thing is that we need to be enrolling those that are at highest risk because we think that will ultimately generate the cases that accelerates the interim readout. Because it is an interim readout that's driven on the cases, I can't predict when that will happen. What I can do is I can try and enrich for those cases in the way I just described.
