Stephen Hoge: And Salveen, I'll maybe just pipe in at the end with your first question on gene editing, which is -- how we see intersecting. Look, I think we have been, as you all know, the innovator in mRNA and lipid nanoparticle delivery in therapeutics for a while. And we've watched the space quite interestingly or quite significantly in terms of ways that we could help with delivering gene editing cargoes across a range of different tissues where our lipid nanoparticles systems have been shown to go even in humans. And we think it's the right time for us to start to expand in that direction. If there's a general convergence, I think out there in the gene editing space is that messenger RNA and lipid nanoparticles are perhaps the way to go. And that's something we strongly agree with, having spent the last decade working in the technology. So you'll be looking for us to bring new payloads, new capabilities, new enzymes into our existing technological capabilities, which we think are best-in-class.
Stephen Hoge: Sure. Yeah. I mean -- so I said I think you know we've had a long-standing commitment to these populations and that's as strong today as ever. And we hear and want to do everything we can to accelerate these medicines for them. It's important to say this is fast to the finish is the goal, not the fast at the start. And while we're pleased with the start of the propionic acidemia program and hopefully shortly MMA and others in the clinic, our goal is obviously to rapidly move through those Phase 1 studies that find the right dose and hopefully then rapidly move into pivotal studies. And as you know that can happen very quickly. And so particularly in rare diseases, particularly with some early positive clinical data. And so that's what we're trying to do right now is anticipate that positive data, expand and build out our team in that therapeutic area and begin the more foundational preparations for closing very quickly, if we can get some encouraging positive clinical signs. But we're working every day to try and get the -- to accelerate the time that those are incurring early data as well as I said prepare for that future.
Stephen Hoge: That's right. Yes, thank you for reminding me. So we -- obviously, we haven't provided guidance on when we expect the -- to be able to get through those subsequent studies and ultimately, with that regulatory path is because, we have to engage in that discussion with the FDA and global regulators and those are ongoing. And so, it's really subject to them agreeing. But I would agree with your characterization, it's certainly our hope and view that because it's a well-understood market, with things like the HAI titers that even a new platform like messenger RNA might be able to leverage some of that thinking in terms of immunogenicity and safety, as we think about moving forward to approval. We'll ultimately have to show efficacy and real-world efficacy as well, because that's what's going to be of interest for payers. But again, the regulatory path is going to be subject to discussions with regulators that are ongoing. So, I can't provide more guidance at this time.
Stephen Hoge: I was going to take the gene. I think unless you want to step on. One comment to on Jackie's point, we already do have combination vaccines like the HPV, we have three vaccines. So we're we -- hopefully, we do have some experience there technically. On the gene editing question, we do have, as you know, programs that target the liver. But as we've presented at previous science days and even today, we have a platform technology that also we think allows us to get in broadly into the immune system and particularly hematopoietic stem cells. And so what you'll -- where we imagine our strong suit to be is in delivering nucleic acid technologies to those areas. And of course, as we look to expanding in gene editing, you'll see us look to those technologies that we've got the most experience with first and then bringing a range of different payloads to -- into our capabilities.
