David S. Congdon: Thank you, Earl, and good morning. I'll begin this morning by pointing out that the softer industry environment we experienced in the fourth quarter was more a factor of sluggish demand than intensified competition. Our pricing during the quarter remained reasonably firm. And with an increase of 3.7% in revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharge for the quarter, our pricing met our expectations. This performance demonstrates the continuing demand for our high-quality services, which are exemplified by our industry-leading service standards. This demand explains why we will continue to invest in sustaining and improving our service standards even in less-than-robust market conditions. For the fourth quarter, our cargo claim ratio improved 14 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2011 to a 0.40% of revenue, and our on-time percentage was above 99%. Our commitment to these standards in a period of somewhat softer tonnage growth can result in some loss of efficiency as we consistently meet or exceed our high service standards. For the fourth quarter, we did experience a slight decline in both P&D stops per hour and our linehaul laden load average. P&D shipments per hour were flat and we improved our platform pounds per hour. The more significant impact on productivity for the fourth quarter and on our operating ratio resulted from the greater-than-expected tonnage decline in December and the deleveraging effect it had on our operations. As an example, while we expected an increase in depreciation and amortization as a percent of revenue as a result of our capital expenditures for the year, it was 70 basis points higher than the fourth quarter of 2011. Over the previous 11 quarters of sustained improvement at our operating ratio, we've often discussed the potential for further operating ratio improvement given increased density and yield in a stable economic environment. We continue to believe that the incremental profit of 15% to 20% is possible in these conditions. During 2013, we intend to expand our service center network as opportunities become available, although we believe much of our revenue growth will continue to come from further market share gains within our established network. While our planned CapEx are lower in 2013 than 2012, we also will continue to invest in equipment and service center capacity to ensure that we are prepared to leverage any industry consolidation and growth opportunities. In addition, our investments in both training and education of our employees and in productivity-enhancing technology will remain priorities. As Earl mentioned, despite limited visibility regarding the strength of the economy in 2013, we believe we are well-positioned to continue outperforming the industry by remaining true to our core business principles and strategies. Our business model is time-tested and our fellow employees in the OD family have proven their ability to execute. Because of these strengths, we are confident we will continue achieving our long-term growth objectives. Thanks for your interest in Old Dominion, and now I'll ask Wes to review our financial results for the quarter in greater detail.
David S. Congdon: I think that we certainly have a large investment, $373 million, and our CapEx last year was ambitious, but one that we felt was necessary in order to sustain our growth for the next couple -- next few years. But I think probably -- we don't have a number of tonnage growth, but I think that the fourth quarter was -- a few things that were unusual, and that's a drop-off in December, which as I mentioned was normally, historical and expected of just about 8%, was 12.5%. And most of that weather all occurred in the last 2 weeks of December and our depreciation went up from 5% last year to 5.7%. But I think that next year with just a normal GDP growth and a density growth that we expect, we'll still see the opportunity to regain incremental margins and margin improvement.
David S. Congdon: Well I'd say it's to some extent a level of conservatism in what we might want to say. But to reiterate what Wes said, as we continue to grow market share and have increased density across our network, combined with maintaining and improving our efficiency levels and with a good yield environment, which we are seeing and anticipate going forward at a modestly positive economic environment, we see continued improvements in our profitable growth and potential for continued improvement in our margins.
David S. Congdon: Well, I think part of it is we're coming -- we're going full circle against tougher and tougher comparisons. I think the yield environments, both in 2012 and 2011, were fairly robust as most of the competition was trying to get -- or improve margins. So we're just circling back against a tougher comparison.
David S. Congdon: Not necessarily, but that's what we're going to see without visibility in at least the first quarter and we'll see how that turns out whether we become more optimistic on that -- on the pricing scenario.
David S. Congdon: From a real estate front, Chris, we have added a good bit of capacity this year to our network, nearly 5.5% more doors to the network. This included some expansion at a couple of our largest breakbulks in Morristown, Tennessee and Indianapolis so these major projects -- we've got a couple of major projects still going on in the first half of this year. But most all of our major projects are behind us right now, and the need for investments in real estate are just down a little bit from what they were last year.
David S. Congdon: Well, historically, our rate of growth has ranged between 4% more growth than the market to sometimes as high as 8% or 9% in any given quarter. So I say 4%, 5% faster than the market.
David S. Congdon: Over the last 4 to 5 years, we have continued to -- as you've seen from our CapEx, we have continued to invest in our network and we have carried more capacity in our network than probably any other LTL carrier out there. And we're in the best shape than we've ever been right now for growth, especially because of the significant expansions of our -- 2 of our major breakbulk facilities. We think that, at this point, we could easily absorb 20% to 25% surge if there are any kind of industry consolidation event. The depreciation and amortization is embedded in our numbers. And as we continue our market share growth, we'll be leveraging against that fixed cost.
David S. Congdon: Justin, we're winning market share every day and it's really across-the-board from all carriers. There's no -- I couldn't comment on anything specific as it relates to ABF.
David S. Congdon: I think when we established that target, we would have expected a little bit faster rebound from the recession at '08, '09. And obviously, the economic growth for our country has been pitiful for these last couple of years.
David S. Congdon: We do fairly a significant amount of business with 3PLs. And when we're pricing accounts within 3PLs, we price each account individually and we're not giving 3PLs any better deal than our account if we were dealing with that account on a direct basis. So that's how we deal with 3PLs and we'll just stick with that strategy.
David S. Congdon: To elaborate further, we, although we say that we had one more work day in the quarter, that includes December counted as 20 days. And because of New Year's Eve and Christmas Eve falling on a Monday, we really only had about 18 in the third actual good revenue days in the month of December. It's like Christmas Eve we might as well have been shut down. We only did $200,000 of revenue. And on New Year's Eve, it was about $3 million. So they were really, really slow days and we didn't really have a full 20 work days in December.
David S. Congdon: Our other product lines are our OD Global business, which includes container drayage, LTL back and forth between the United States and all of North America, our ocean freight forwarding business, and those -- our growth in that area is above the growth rate of our LTL business and so we see continued expansion in that. Our expedited business as well, which comprises about, say, 3% of our total revenue. We're growing nicely in those areas as well. And we still have some warehousing business that we're doing on the West Coast and the East Coast that we're trying to pursue and grow in that area as well.
David S. Congdon: We're pretty much organic, but we also are fairly often presented with opportunities to do acquisitions in those spaces and we look at them carefully and we're kind of in between a rock and a hard place over acquisitions like that. As profitable as we are today and considering the return on capital that we have with our current business, when we start looking at these ancillary businesses and we look at our desired rate of return, the price we're willing to pay for an acquisition is low compared to what some other people are willing to pay. And so it makes it difficult for us to even do an acquisition. But anyway, we're doing well, growing organically and obviously with an 87.3% operating ratio -- or 87.2% operating ratio for the fourth quarter of this year, that is darn respectable. And we, obviously, like our current mix of business, and organic growth is working well for us.
David S. Congdon: We managed our variable costs pretty well, very well during those latter 2 weeks of the year, but we were impacted mostly on the fixed cost side of the business.
David S. Congdon: But we also feel like we had some excess capacity with equipment today and so we put in a little bit little less for our anticipated growth for next year because of the excess capacity with equipment.
David S. Congdon: And as the construction project wound down, because we had to operate around the construction in both of those facilities early in the year. Then when we were able to open those facilities and finish, we became more efficient.
David S. Congdon: One of our competitors made some mention of downsizing their network and that could cull us some service centers to come on the market. They were not really thinking about right now that might be opportunities to go into some markets that are on our list.
David S. Congdon: I think we have maybe a very modest growth in the sales force in '12. I'd rather not comment on how many we have. But we will probably have some growth in the sales force, especially if we add a few service centers. But I wouldn't expect any major growth in the sales force for 2013.
David S. Congdon: We've been a little heavier on the trailer spend in the last 2 years because of -- we actually, by the end of this year, we will have a 100% deck fleet with our trailers and we wanted to go that direction. So that's caused us to be a little heavy there.
David S. Congdon: Well, certainly, mathematically, our drayage operation is all lease operators, which is accounted for in our income statement as purchased transportation. And we've seen very good growth in that sector on the drayage. So mathematically, that would cause our overall purchased transportation to be higher, but it's only because of that drayage operation growing at a pretty good level.
David S. Congdon: Potentially, at least the weather is hitting us primarily over this weekend as opposed to middle of the week.
J. Wes Frye: Thank you, David, and good morning. Old Dominion's revenue for the fourth quarter was $527.3 million, an 8.7% increase from the fourth quarter of 2011. I'll also note that with the 12.1% growth in revenue for the full year of 2012, we crossed the $2 billion revenue milestone for the first time. The growth in revenue reflected a 5.3% comparable quarter increase in tonnage, which was 3.6% per day and a 4.5% increase in revenue per hundredweight. Our tonnage growth was comprised of a 5.1% increase in shipments and a 1.1% increase in weight per shipment. Revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharge, increased 3.7% for the quarter despite the increase in weight per shipment and 0.8% decline in average length of haul. Sequentially through the quarter, tonnage per day declined 4.5% for October versus September, increased 3.5% for November and declined 12.5% for December versus a 10-year average sequential and expected decline of 2.5% for October and 8.4% for December. As Earl mentioned, we've been pleased to see tonnage per day bounce back in January with a 7.9% sequential increase, versus December against a 10-year average increase of only 1.2%. Pricing has also remained positive for January with a revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharge, of 3.3% for the month compared with January of 2012. Although the first quarter has 1 less work day compared with the first quarter of last year, that's the first quarter of 2013, I'd also like to point out that Good Friday, which is normally in April, is on the last workday in March, which obviously is also the last day of the quarter. This will negatively impact our March sequential and year-over-year tonnage growth expectation although we still expect tonnage per day to increase in a range of 4% to 4.5% year-over-year for the first quarter. Based on our experience in the quarter to date, we also expect our revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharge, to be -- to increase in a range of 2.5% to 3% for the first quarter. Our operating ratio for the fourth quarter was an 87.2%, an increase of 30 basis points over the fourth quarter of 2011. Clearly, the loss of leverage attributable to a lower-than-expected revenue level had a negative impact on margins. By our estimation, Hurricane Sandy caused revenue in October and November to be approximately $2 million lower than expected, which when combined with a $7 million revenue reduction in December due to weather closings in our Midwest and Northeast regions, resulted in $9 million reduction in expected revenue for the fourth quarter. We believe the contribution margin on this lower revenue level resulted in a negative margin effect of approximately 60 basis points and $0.03 negative impact on earnings per share. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter was $63.5 million and $373.2 million in the aggregate for 2012. For 2013, we expect CapEx, net of sales proceeds, to be approximately $270 million, including real estate expenditures of $95 million, equipment expenditures of approximately $150 million and technology and other expenditures of approximately $25 million. We expect to fund these expenditures primarily through cash flow as well as our available borrowing capacity, if necessary. Total debt to total capitalization's improved to 19% at the end of 2012 versus 22.3% at September 30, 2012, and 23.9% at the end of 2011. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2012 was 38.6% compared with 34.2% for the fourth quarter of last year, which reflected alternative energy tax credits for an installed solar energy system. We expect our annual effective tax rate for 2013 will average 38.1%. This concludes our prepared remarks this morning. And operator, we'll be happy to open the floor for any questions at this time.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, I can. The year-over-year in October was just over 4%, call it 4%. The November, it was 5.2% and then December was 0.8%.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, just to give you a little more detail on that, Justin, I had mentioned in the comments that the average is 38.1%. If you want to look at it by quarter, by our estimation at this point, the first quarter that's when we'll recognize the tax credit is probably will be around 35.9% in the first quarter and then average 38.6% the rest of the year for the remaining 3 quarters.
J. Wes Frye: Bill, if think that's -- I think it's doable, but it depends on how we're feeling about the economic activity. And I think with the economic activity that we're feeling at this point, the answer is yes, we will reach that $3 billion without doubt. And whether it's 2015 or 2016, it's still maybe a little bit shady, but we'll get there close to that is our view.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, obviously, we gave a 3% wage increase in September. So by definition, our wage inflation is 3%. That will be there until we go full circle in September of this year. So we've been able, in the past, to offset that with price increases, a combination of price increases and also of productivity and we think we'll be able to do that this year. Obviously, in some of the costs, the inflationary pressure is higher and that -- one obvious things in the cost of the equipment and secondly in the cost of group health and health care, et cetera, which we're still a little bit uncertain about how to evaluate that. But I think that we'll be able to, with our density improvements, with our pricing, is be able to overcome that inflation and still improve margins.
J. Wes Frye: I wouldn't say it's north of that. The cost of wages, et cetera, is about 50% of our costs. And there are some costs that we see have a no inflation we'll be able to probably hold down because of our own buying efficiencies, fuel as an example. Of course, fuel is passed through as a fuel surcharge. But I think that we have certainly the opportunity to keep costs -- some costs down that are also subject to some inflation. But I think probably the inflation that we'll see overall on average, including everything, is probably will remain in that 3% to 3.5%. And I think with the combination of our pricing and the combination of our productivity and density improvements, we'll be able to overcome that.
J. Wes Frye: Well, I mean you could spread that through the whole year, so I'll let you decide if that applies for the first quarter, but we did give you some, I think in this environment, some pretty positive tonnage growth relative to the market and also I think a fairly stable pricing scenario.
J. Wes Frye: Well, I mean, we always go through a certain amount of actuarial computations and those costs can change every year depending on what the actuaries say. So we may have a little pressure on that. But the other thing is just on how the quarter ended. It was -- now the stars were aligned on how the quarter ended from a holiday standpoint and then that just causes a lot of the issues depending on how Christmas fell compared to the previous year. It just affects your costs. You've got a revenue stream that all of a sudden stops, but you still have your linehaul running to try to get that to destination.
J. Wes Frye: And Chris, as I mentioned in my comments, if you're going to get 99% plus on time, you eat that inefficiency in that cost. The shipment's got to run whether it's $200,000 for that day or $8 million. And so that does have an effect that we discussed, but not in terms of quantitatively.
J. Wes Frye: It was even as at a conference in early December that we gave an update and we know that range to 5%, 5.5%, but to say that it was probably closer to 0.5% -- to 5%, we were still confident that the sequential overall would still be pretty much in the range of the normal sequential downtrend from November. But in the last 2 weeks of that is when those -- the storms in the Midwest and the Northeast hit that just really tempered that. And as Dave mentioned, we had that one day that was only $200,000. So that December and that last part of December was really the period of time that you can't make cost adjustments in that short of time and so you'd really lose a lot of leverage. And that, as I mentioned, has fortunately has come back in January with almost an 8% sequential increase. Now don't take that 8% as nothing too stellar because the denominator in that being December was pretty low, but still it was significantly above what would be normal in January and we're still seeing, at this point and as early in February, we're still seeing some pretty good sequential trends in February as well. Early in February, but still seeing good trends.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, that is correct. I mean, it's hard to tell exactly what that Good Friday will have. But typically, it'll be at least 50% less revenue on that Friday, which would be the strongest Friday of the quarter, obviously, 50%. Now how much of that Friday revenue will move to earlier in the week or move into April is unclear. But I think it's probably a split between the 2, but it's difficult to determine. But you're right, that kind of tempered our overall outlook sequentially was that holiday.
J. Wes Frye: It's been a long-term trend that as the smaller customers are seeing the benefit of using 3PLs to improve their pricing and their, I guess, their systems regarding LTL, we don't really see that going back. But we've embraced -- as David mentioned, we've embraced the 3PLs are a fact of life. But on the other hand, we've also recognized that we have to be very value-added in price -- from our prices. We've been dealing with 3PLs. And fortunately, the 3PLs are beginning to realize that it's not all pricing and they do need asset-based carriers that provide very high levels of service. And so I think we've been successfully growing that 3PL business, and obviously with our margins, growing it profitably.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, and that's a good question, Brad. But when you see a significant drop it's pretty difficult in that short amount of time to really adjust your overall infrastructure at all.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, but keep in mind that in a sudden drop in revenue that some costs that are normally variable, for example, pickup and delivery. Your pickup and delivery for example, it becomes a fixed cost. You send that person out and all of a sudden he goes out and 3 businesses that were open the day before are closed today. And so your shipments per stop, et cetera, goes down. He becomes a fixed cost and that has a real deleveraging effect pretty quickly.
J. Wes Frye: Well, the CapEx, if you just break it down, last year, we spent $143 million on real estate and this year it's $95 million. So that's a big part of the CapEx reduction. And then also, last year, we spent $215 million on equipment and it's $150 million this year. And certainly the one big reason why that reduction is there is last year CapEx at $250 million had a fairly significant amount of catch-up and replacement cycle benefit that was as a result of the previous years that we were just holding off some of the CapEx. But certainly the $150 million this year does include obviously some growth as we already have given guidance in the first quarter. So it does include some growth in there.
J. Wes Frye: Investment in real estate, Brad, is not necessarily a variable short-term cost. I mean, we make decisions on a real estate based on what we expect our needs are in 3 and 5 years, and so it's an upfront cost. So obviously, the real estate investment in 2012 are $140 million would have had a slight negative effect on our margins. But going forward, all of that will come back, not only from a cash flow, but from a margin standpoint. So we make those decisions on real estate in more of a longer-term perspective. And while it may have a short-term effect on margins, we think the long term will be much more positive.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, I don't think we lost utilization, but obviously when you combine both of those projects, we're talking about roughly a $30 million to $35 million investment. And all of that depreciation, which was capitalized obviously would have hit the fourth quarter, as I mentioned in my comments overall, because of the lower-than-expected revenue in the fourth quarter against our depreciation. Our depreciation was at 70 basis points in the fourth quarter compared to previous year. And part of that was -- would have been due to that investment in Indianapolis and Morristown.
J. Wes Frye: I don't think there was any direct costs or loss in efficiency. In fact, probably the opposite would have been more efficient extending the capacity in those facilities.
J. Wes Frye: At the end of the year, we had 218 service centers, and that was only 2 more than what we had at the end of December. And we haven't finalized plans for this year, but probably wouldn't open more than 2 to 4 service centers this year. And of course, as we always state and qualify that statement should there be opportunities that come along, that could change and we always are looking for opportunities in areas that in the longer term that we know that we want to expand.
J. Wes Frye: Matt, we really base our decisions on equipment based upon our needs from an operating standpoint, not from a depreciation standpoint. So although we got the benefit from bonus depreciation, our decisions on when we added the equipment wasn't based on that.
J. Wes Frye: Dave, we track sales productivity pretty closely so adding sales, and we always make sure that they're adding revenue and so even though we added salesmen last year we also added revenue per salesman, so we always look at that metric very closely.
J. Wes Frye: We've got a little bit of anecdotal feedback of little bit of pricing, but nothing that would amount to a trend at all. But it's hard to tell. I don't think it affected our December. But if it did, it would be very insignificant.
J. Wes Frye: Well, the bulk of the dollars will be tractors, just because they cost $100,000-plus per unit. But as far as numbers, it's pretty equal. We try to keep a balanced ratio between tractors and trailers.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, that was one reason fairly significant expand in 2012 is to get that average age down to a more optimal level. And I think it's pretty much there.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, we'll give you updates as the year and the quarters progress, but not at this point. We should see -- I have to say that our percentage of revenue should start to temper. We're certainly not going to see a 30 or 70 basis points increase in appreciation in 2013 over '12. It'll start to become more of a comparable number probably and maybe even then on the revenue level, maybe even a positive.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, and that's only with about 3 or 4 days in February, but -- and that could change depending on weather and other circumstances. But at least for the 3 or 4 days, it's -- February's growing with a pretty good expectation. Now the expectation in February is that it, sequentially from January, would be tempered because January was so strong relative to December. But at this point, February's still looking at pretty good. But that's with still quite a few days in February to go.
J. Wes Frye: The 10-year average in February compared to January is that February should be, from a tonnage standpoint, should be 2.6% higher. The guidance that we gave for the quarter would -- implies that it would not be that high simply because January was so strong at 7.9%. So it's a mathematical thing, not an actual thing.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, we've been usually 40%, 45% manufacturing; about 20% to 25% retail; and about 20% to 25% on third-party logistics, which includes all of the above, which we don't have the visibility underneath. And then the rest of it's made up of some of our container-added value business, et cetera. But that is just a general makeup.
J. Wes Frye: Dave, let me clarify your previous question about the quarter overall. It's not 1 more day in the quarter, it's 1 less day.
J. Wes Frye: And probably if you look at the tonnage growth because of the 1 less day, it'll probably in the 2.5% to 3% range.
J. Wes Frye: The total tonnage. And that includes not only the 1 less day, but the fact that the Good Friday is on the last day of the quarter.
J. Wes Frye: And that's a positive in January. We were up 5.6%. If you recall last January, we had no weather issues at all. So from that standpoint, January of this year was going up against an easy comp and still we were able to increase tonnage by 5.6%.
