Earl E. Congdon: Good morning. Thanks for joining us today for our first quarter conference call. With me this morning is David Congdon, Old Dominion's President and CEO; and Wes Frye, our CFO. After some brief remarks, we'll be glad to take your questions. It is a pleasure to report that Old Dominion continued to excel in the first quarter of 2014, producing our best first quarter operating ratio, net income and income per share, as well as the highest quarterly revenue we have ever achieved in any quarter. We produced these strong results despite the severe and widespread winter weather experienced for most of the quarter. This performance highlights the dedication of the OD family throughout the company. Our employees not only demonstrated their commitment to getting the job done, but also the training and skills to operate in difficult conditions. Our performance also shows the strength of our value proposition as we worked through significantly productive -- productivity headwinds to deliver on our promise of superior on time claims-free service. With almost 14% growth in the LTL tons for the quarter, we believe our performance shows the market's growing recognition of our value proposition. Simply put, Old Dominion is performing at a level better than I've ever seen with a more strongly differentiated competitive market position than ever before. We also have the best financial position in our history, and a highly experienced management team that has proven to be an outstanding steward of our shareholder capital. Last year, we produced over an 18% return on average equity for our shareholders. We believe we are well-positioned to expand our business for the foreseeable future, driving increased earnings and shareholder value. Thank you for joining us, our call today, and now here is David Congdon.
Earl E. Congdon: I'd like to add, it's Earl Congdon. Also, it's not price that's getting this growth for us. It's customer service and that low claims ratio.
Earl E. Congdon: It depends on the time frame. On the hourly basis, all costs are fixed, on a yearly basis, all costs are variable. It depends on the timeframe.
Earl E. Congdon: I think it will be fair to say that we're in better shape, as far as the capacity of our real estate is concerned, than we've been in years. We're in better shape for taking on additional business than we have been on the past because of the money that we spent on these real estate...
Earl E. Congdon: Well, guys as always, we thank you for your participation today. We appreciate your questions, and most of all, your support for Old Dominion. So give us a call, if you have any further questions. Thank you and good day.
David S. Congdon: Good morning, and welcome to all you this morning. We've had a great quarter to begin 2014. While many variables affect any quarter, we think one of the simplest explanations of our strong first quarter performance is evident in our outstanding service metrics. Despite severe -- extended severe weather across most of our network, we actually improved our cargo claim ratio to 0.26% of revenue, over 20% better than the first quarter last year. This is the best cargo claim ratio we have ever known to be achieved in the LTL industry. And our team produced it in the depths of one of the worst winters we've seen in years. Despite the difficult weather conditions, we still achieved a 99% on-time record for -- on-time service for the quarter. We believe the consistency of our superior service performance, despite horrible weather, had a lot to do with our growth in comparable month LTL tons per day, which started in the double digits for January and accelerated each month of the quarter. The shift of the Easter weekend to the second quarter this year from the first quarter last year contributed to the 19.7% increase in LTL tons per day for March versus March 2013. We continue to benefit from a rational pricing environment in the first quarter, in part because excess industry capacity remains limited. Our LTL revenue per hundred weight excluding fuel surcharge increased a solid 2.2%, even with the downward pressure exerted on this metric by increased weight per shipment and a lower average length of haul. In addition, like our experience with LTL tons per day, we're continuing to see strong performance in LTL revenue per hundred weight thus far in the second quarter. As reflected in our tonnage growth and pricing, our increased density and yield for the first quarter drove the 70 basis-point improvement in our operating ratio. We were pleased with the strength of this performance, given the impact of weather-related reduced productivity in our pickup and delivery and our dock operations. Pressure on these metrics during the quarter was primarily related to our willingness to incur short-term operating inefficiencies during the poor weather in order to maintain our commitment to on-time customer service. In addition, we continue to experience inefficiencies associated with hiring and training new employees to address our higher volume and the continued impact of the more restrictive hours of service regulations. As we look forward to the remainder of 2014 and beyond, we expect continued gains in market share will result in improved density. Given the stable economy, we also expect further improvements in our yield. Our yield discipline and philosophy have not changed. We'll continue to analyze the profitability of each shipment and customer for the services we provide. We are confident that we will recover the productivity lost in the first quarter and produce further gains over time. Our long-term investments in productivity enhancing technology has historically resulted in improved operating margin, and we have no shortage of investment opportunities ahead. We continue to believe that in -- by improving density, yield and productivity, we can generate incremental operating margin of at least 15% to 20%. With significant improvement in our first quarter density and yield, offset in part by productivity headwinds, our incremental margin was 17% for the first quarter. Primary focus for Old Dominion, moving forward, will remain execution. Our company is positioned for growth with a proven business model, a value proposition driving increased demand, and the personnel and financial resources to maximize the opportunities before us. By continuing our long-term record of superior execution, we also expect to extend our long-term record of value creation. Thanks for being with us today, and now, I'll ask Wes to review our financial results for the first quarter in greater detail.
David S. Congdon: I'll add to that, Bill. As we look at our growth across the country, every one of our operating regions had very -- have had very nice growth. It's been pretty similar to the path that the Northern half of country has been. And Midwest and Northeast has been a little bit stronger, say than the south, but what it's look like so far is it's really uniform across the entire network.
David S. Congdon: And some the March growth could also be some slop over of business that did not move in January and February due to weather contributed to that.
David S. Congdon: Chris, David here. The -- honestly, we believe our service performance is what is winning market share, as Earl pointed out here a minute ago. And I think, it's going to be interesting to see what really comes out with all the rest of the carrier's reports, because we haven't heard that much about volume increases, and so forth. It'll be interesting to see how the industry sector fares for the quarter to see if maybe there's been any inflection in the economy. Perhaps, it hasn’t surfaced yet. So we will just have to wait and see how that looks. But again, service performance, we believe, is driving our tonnage growth.
David S. Congdon: No, Chris. We're really in good shape across the entire network. No pinch points. Thanks to all the CapEx we've invested in the last year or 2 to solve some of the pinch points that we had in 2012 and '13.
David S. Congdon: Well, our philosophy on that is to generally look at our cost, and look at our various cost of doing business increases, and to pass on what we believe, is a fair and equitable increase in our rates. Also, if you look at our GRIs that we put in over the last several years, we've been fairly consistent in 4% to 4.5% range, maybe, I think 4.9% is about the highest that we've announced in last 2 to 3 years, and this just appears to be what we need to do and what we need to pass on.
David S. Congdon: No. Our wage increase has typically been September. We don't have any intention at this point of changing that timing.
David S. Congdon: No. We pay a very, very competitive wages and benefit package. And we don't see any pressure to do anything out of the ordinary as it relates to compensation. We attract employees.
David S. Congdon: It's mostly coming from the existing guys. We've had some increase in the sales force, but nothing, nothing dramatic at all. It's just winning business from existing accounts, continuing to win new accounts that are coming onboard with the company. And just general growth and improvements in density across the board.
David S. Congdon: But the primary thing that we're going to invest in is investing in the company, and if that continues to generate 18% or so return on equity as we did last year, we think that's a pretty good return to our shareholders as well. So number one is to continue to look at opportunities to grow our business profitably, before we consider using that excess cash for those other purposes Wes mentioned.
David S. Congdon: Not really. The 3PL -- any given 3PL might have 5 or 6 or 10 or 20 or 30 different customers that they bring -- might bring to us. And the changes in weight per shipment, could just be -- just the natural evolution of customers you happen to bring home on the truck line. But also, hopefully, the economy's turned a little bit. It'll be interesting to see what the rest of the carriers report. And usually, with an improving economy you start to get slightly larger weight per shipment, at least that's been the historical trend over the years. So maybe the economy is infecting a little bit. But the other thing we do as far as strategic use of brokers, we just consider -- we don't call them brokers per se. We call then third-party logistics companies. They've been infiltrating the LTL marketplace for many, many years and we just work with those 3PLs on each individual customer they bring to us and we treat those customers just the same way as if we were dealing direct with the customer without a 3PL in terms of analyzing the freight and analyzing the profitability of that freight, given the service -- services that the customer needs.
David S. Congdon: Well, I think they noticed, and I think that our tonnage growth is reflective of them noticing. So what the future holds for that continuing is yet to be seen.
David S. Congdon: Our headcount has definitely increased from last -- that really began last fall. We're fairly stable with the headcount from -- remain fairly stable with the headcount from November all the way through February. But we started increasing headcount again in March, based on the tonnage we were seeing. But the productivity pounds per hour, bills per hour and things like that, that we watched took a little bit of a -- were hit a little bit due to the winter weather and due to the training of all these new people that we brought on board. But as we -- I'd say right now, from the headcount standpoint, we're probably pretty stable going through April, May and June, and all of those new employees will become more and more productive as they get more used to this -- the work that they do. So we should see some improvements in labor productivity in the second quarter versus the first, because of the new employees getting more educated as to what they need to do. And secondly, with the spring coming and then lack of a cold weather and snow and ice and all the things we had in the first quarter.
David S. Congdon: Well, we -- Tom, we don't give guidance on growth. So that would be an element of that guidance. So we're not prepared to give that number.
David S. Congdon: Most, by definition, most of the operating supply and expense line are variable cost. But you also, to some extent, you have to run certain peddle runs out in the areas regardless how much freight you got on the trucks. So some portion of that variable cost is...
David S. Congdon: Rob, I'd say, we're definitely -- we had to make adjustments to that as primarily a 34-hour restart, which caused us in the third quarter of last year to add some extra road drivers to pick up the slack from the work that the existing road drivers and existing city drivers could not do on weekends. So that slack was picked up in the third quarter. So the cost levels and what you're seeing in our linehaul cost component, say, in the fourth quarter and what we have in the first quarter is pretty stable with what it ought to be going forward.
David S. Congdon: On linehaul, we don't really track capacity. We try to maintain a certain percent of capacity. Of course, that fluctuates by week, by month, by quarter. And on seasonality, but I would say, anywhere from 5% to 10% on our fleet. I mean, is that the best number we have. You don’t operate your equipment with a lot of capacity. But you don’t operate your equipment with no capacity either.
David S. Congdon: Our equipment obviously is stable and -- but we've -- with our tonnage increases year-to-date, we thought that we probably should increase our number of equipment, which we have. So I mean, that's our expectation.
David S. Congdon: Matt, I believe that a lot of it has to do with how the carriers deal with the third-party logistics firms. As we've stated in -- today, and we think it is very important to look at each and every customer that a third-party logistics firm brings to your company and to determine your pricing based upon the merits of those individual shippers. Because oftentimes the 3PLs are looking for some kind of a blanket discount that they could apply to every time they can hear that they want to apply it to. And I think, that is what has gotten so many of the players in the LTL space in trouble. And if they would -- so, then that's not something that we have done. So -- I'm just not -- our thoughts on how to deal with it and we would hope others would listen to these comments.
David S. Congdon: We view 3PLs as an extension of our sales force. And we have very good relationships with our 3PL partners. And we're not trying to necessarily grow that segment of the business, nor shrink that segment. If we have a good relationship with our 3PL customers, we could do with most. Our goal is to grow with each and every one of them.
David S. Congdon: Well, Jason, when you look at term loan capacity, and our most basic way we look at it is pounds per door per day, you'll find some service centers that have 50% to 60% capacity, some of the small ones. You find some that are up there in the 80% to 90% of maximum capacity. And therein lies our continued investment in real estate, because you're always having some of the service centers that are up at the upper end of the capacity limits. And based upon those, our future projected growth in those service centers, we're just -- we'll have incremental investments in real estate for the foreseeable future as we continue to strive for double-digit market share in the LTL space. But we've been investing in the same way for the last decade, and you've seen the results that we've been able to achieve in our operating ratio, despite those investments in those service centers. So it's just -- there'll be some incremental -- some ratio of sales, maybe Wes would say...
J. Wes Frye: Thank you, David, and good morning. Old Dominion's revenues grew 15.2% to a company record $620.3 million for the first quarter of 2014 from $538.4 million for the first quarter last year. Our third consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth was driven by a 13.9% increase in LTL tons for the quarter, above our expectation of 11% to 11.5%. This increase reflected an 11.9% increase in LTL shipments and a 1.8% increase in weight per shipment. LTL revenue per hundred weight increased 1.6% for the first quarter, while LTL revenue per hundred weight excluding fuel surcharge increased 2.2%, which was consistent with our expectation of 2% to 2.5%. This 2.2% increase in the revenue per hundred weight includes the negative impact of a 1.8% increase in weight per shipment, as well as a 0.6% decline in length of haul. For the first quarter of 2014, LTL tons per day increased sequentially by 4.1% from January -- from December, 5% for February and 8.5% for March. In addition, LTL tons per day for January 2014 increased 10.1% compared with January 2013 with increases of 11.7% and 19.7% for February and March, respectively. We estimate April LTL tonnage to be approximately 14.5%, up versus the same period last year. In the second quarter of 2014, we expect LTL tons per day to increase in a range of 14% to 14.5% compared to the second quarter of 2013. We expect revenue per hundred weight, excluding fuel surcharge, to be in a range of 2% and 2.5% for the second quarter, reflecting continued mix changes toward higher weighted contractual business and a decrease in length of haul due to increased volume in our next-day and 2-day regional lanes. Old Dominion's operating ratio improved 70 basis points for the first quarter to an 87.1 from an 87.8 for the first quarter of 2013. Our direct labor improved as percentage of revenue, driven primarily by increased operating leverage, although increases in group health expense and weather-related productivity declines offset much of those improvements. We also benefited from efficient fuel and fleet management that contributed to a 70 basis-point reduction in operating supplies and expense during the quarter. Capital expenditures were $79.8 million for the first quarter of 2014, which included approximately $18 million of our $47 million 2014 budget for technology and other assets. As we discussed last quarter, these expenditures reflect a launch of a 3- to 5-year process to expand and enhance our technology platform to prepare for anticipated growth trajectory for the next 10 to 20 years. In addition, today, we announced that we're increasing our planned capital expenditures by $25 million for 2014 for additional tractors and trailers, as a result of our strong volume for the first quarter and our expectation for the remainder of the year. Therefore, we now estimate CapEx for 2014 will total approximately $367 million, including planned expenditures of $132 million for real estate; $188 million for tractors, trailers and other equipment; and $47 million for technology and other assets. We expect the sale of assets due in 2014 to be approximately $9 million or a total net CapEx of approximately $358 million. And we expect to fund these expenditures primarily through operating clash -- cash flow, as well as our available borrowing capacity if necessary. Total debt to total capitalization improved to 12.4% at the end of the first quarter 2014 from 13.4% at the end of 2013. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2014 was 40.6% compared with 36.1% for the first quarter of 2013, and our expected effective tax rate of 39% for the remainder of 2014. The increase in our effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2014 was due primarily to the expiration of favorable tax credits in 2013 and other discreet tax adjustments. This concludes our prepared remarks this morning, and operator, we'll be happy to open the floor for additional questions at this time.
J. Wes Frye: Well, as David mentioned in his comments, during the quarter, I mean, we saw fairly stable pricing and that's what we've seen for quite a while now. Where it came from, it's difficult to say. Obviously, much of it came from market share. We can't really say if it came from macro, although we were okay with the macro during the quarter from what we can see in our discussions with customers. But I don't think, that -- I don't think it will result in any accelerated pricing from the sector overall. I don't think any of us can afford that, especially as we continue to reinvest, and I say we, and I'm talking about the sector, reinvest in our network in our rolling stock.
J. Wes Frye: I can't speak for the rest of the sector, but some of that growth was based upon the comparison, and by that, I mean in January, our tonnage was up about 10.1. In February, the tonnage increased to 11.7, and we had this very large growth in March of 19.7. But I think some of that wasn't necessarily market share or macro. It was just because March last year had that Easter holiday at the end of the year, and that would explain some of that. So that's not necessarily increased volume, but just a comparison from what it was last year.
J. Wes Frye: Well, it's difficult to address the tonnage when you had almost 14%. And so, I'll just relate to the cost, I can't really make a discussion on the revenue level. But from a cost standpoint, I think, Scott, the relevant thing is -- here is, not only what it cost us this quarter, but even though we had horrible weather this quarter, we did have some weather last year. And also, some of our increased costs is due to volume increases. So it gets a little tricky trying to separate all those costs between the relative increase in weather headwinds and also the increased volume. But my best estimate on what those incremental costs, keep in mind, I said incremental, not the cost this quarter, is about $4.5 million to $5 million in increased operating cost due to linehaul, motels, snow removals and those type of related costs. That is the cost that I estimate over what it was last year, about $4.5 million to $5 million.
J. Wes Frye: Just to talk about the volume and the spot quotes, we saw a little bit of an increase. But keep in mind, we don't -- we manage that increase. We do not want a lot of truckload business on this on the truckline because we're an LTL carrier, and that's what the cost of our network should include, that cost. But -- so that wasn't that much, but we maybe saw a little bit. As far as the level of equipment, I mean, we haven't given any guidance on tonnage for the rest of the year other than what we're seeing, and we gave some estimated tonnage growth, obviously, for the second quarter. So we obviously based our initial CapEx for equipment on one number, but obviously, that number is higher. And we think that at this point, the additional equipment that we put into play and ordered will be sufficient to handle that estimated increase volume for the year.
J. Wes Frye: Well, we've -- I don't know what you -- our definition of normal that we said for years is incremental margins of 15% to 20%, and we've produced higher than that the best with the other -- with certain characteristics being different. In 2010 and 2011, when we were producing 30% plus margins, I mean, we had a lot of excess capacity, not only in network, but also in people, in labor. And pricing, quite frankly, was on the rebound. We're getting 4% and 5% increases in the yield. So that wasn't normal, but we think that this environment is more normal. And that's why we keep saying that our incremental margins should be in the 15% to 20% range. Now having said that, as we said many times, if those ingredients of that incremental margin, which would include a macro that's behaving, a price discipline in the sector, and with our own ability to leverage the density, that is no reason we shouldn't be maybe too [indiscernible] at the top that range. But keep in mind that the 17% that we produced in the first quarter did have some headwinds on the productivity. The comp [ph] is due to weather and other cost that I kind of gave you a range of, so we're still in that 15% to 20% range. Keeping in mind that 20% incremental margin represents an eighty OR. That's not bad.
J. Wes Frye: Well, a gulf stream [ph] wouldn't be bad, but -- no, we've had many discussions with excess cash and obviously, we are considering and have considered in evaluating returning some of the cash to shareholders. Whether that's in the form of stock repurchases or dividends, we're still looking at those alternatives. But we are under evaluation of those alternatives going forward, Brad.
J. Wes Frye: No, I'm not sure that sure you're, Allison. When you say third-party brokers, you're talking about 3PLs, and about 25% of our LTL business does come from 3PLs. Now, if you look at -- you're discussing purchase transportation, that's another sector. And we use purchase transportation -- that's another matter. So I'm not sure which one you're referring to. About 25% of our revenue is through 3PLs. But it has nothing really to do with the weight per shipment.
J. Wes Frye: As David mentioned, third-party logistics is -- the only difference in third-party logistics and directly with customers is we deal with the third-party logistics. We still go underneath those logistics company and look at the customers and provide those customers with high levels of service. And so, I don't really see a relationship there with growth in March due to third-party or anyone else. It's just overall volumes coming on board.
J. Wes Frye: And the Easter holiday was fairly substantial. Remember not only did Easter fall into the first, quarter last year it fell into the last day of the quarter. And so, and some of that -- whatever we did pick up and move on that last day of March 2013 probably flowed over into April, making the swing of the comparisons a little bit funky, so to speak.
J. Wes Frye: As I mentioned, we saw our volume loads -- when I say volume, for us, that's in the 8,000 to 10,000 pound shipments, did increase some. But it wasn't like it was twice the normal growth or twice what the LTL. It was just in line, basically, with what the LTL growth was.
J. Wes Frye: We don't necessarily even track that. That's -- I don't have those numbers in front of me, of what those numbers are.
J. Wes Frye: Todd, when we issue our first quarter, our 10-Q for the first quarter, we'll provide a table for each of the remaining quarters of 2013 is give you those tonnage numbers.
J. Wes Frye: It will not. Now the relationship should be fairly consistent with total tonnage and LTL tonnage. But we'll get you those numbers when we file the 10-Q, of what those restated numbers from 2013 are.
J. Wes Frye: I would say, as percent of revenue, once the year is done, the percentage revenue for depreciation will be fairly flat between 2013 and 2014.
J. Wes Frye: Well, we acquired. Yes, we -- as David mentioned, even though we may have service centers that are at 80% or 90% capacity, that doesn’t mean that we already aren't looking at expanding those facilities. As a matter of fact, we have 5 or 6 facilities right now going on that's either moving to a larger facility or expanding an existing facility. So that's just something we inherently do. Obviously, when you expand a facility, you don't expand it to take care of your volume for the next 1 or 2 years. You expand it to take care of your volume for a longer-term.
J. Wes Frye: We've invested almost $1 billion in real estate over the last 8, 9, 10 years. So we continuously do that and will.
Allison M. Landry: I wanted to ask about the use of third-party brokers and to get your thoughts on whether you think this has contributed to the consistent increases in weight per shipment that we've seen for the last several quarters? And following on that from a strategic perspective, could you maybe talk about what you might be doing differently with respect to the way that you use brokers relative to some of your peers? I think you've mentioned in the past that you used the brokers to show some of your backhaul moves? So I was just wondering if I was thinking about that correctly.
Allison M. Landry: It doesn't have to do with backhaul. Okay. I guess I was just thinking that there was a tendency for freight that comes from the brokers to just generally be a higher weight per shipment. So I didn't know if that was a trend that you were seeing.
Allison M. Landry: Got it. And so I guess, is it sort of fair to think about the increased use of the 3PL's as having an impact on purchase transportation cost or maybe we'll see those move.
