David Congdon: Thank you, Earl, and good morning. Old Dominion's outstanding results for the second quarter were highlighted by the 180 year-over-year basis-point improvement to achieve our 84.7 operating ratio. This level of profitability was driven by continued long-term focus on our well-established core business principles and strategies. Among these, our service center density increased with solid tonnage growth of 9% in a quarter with seasonally stronger volume. Our tonnage growth was slightly below earlier expectations, reflecting, we believe, some softening in the economic environment during the quarter. Our revenue yield improvement however, at 4.1%, excluding fuel surcharge, was above expectations. In addition to the revenue and margin benefit of a good mixture of tonnage growth and improved revenue yield, we continued to deliver exceptional service to our customers. For the second quarter, we again produced on-time service of 99% on tight standards, which we believe will lead the LTL industry. We also achieved a 17% improvement in our cargo claim ratio to set a new Old Dominion record of 0.38% of revenue, which we also believe is one of the best in our industry. Improved results across all 4 of our primary productivity metrics contributed further to our historic operating ratio.  For the second quarter, pickup in delivery shipments and stops per hour increased respectively, 1.1% and 1.3%. Platform pounds per hour increased 4.1% and linehaul latent load average improved 4/10 of 1%. With the consistency demonstrated by our team in delivering industry-leading service, we are confident in our ability to continue winning market share throughout 2012 and beyond. We expect increased density, supported by rational pricing environment, to produce additional leverage of our substantial and continuing investment in our infrastructure.  On a longer-term basis, we expect to continue our investments to maintain optimal equipment capacity for organic and/or consolidation growth opportunities. We plan to continue to refine and enhance the services we provide to our customers, including our value-added services. As mentioned in the release, we opened one new service center in the second quarter, and 3 thus far in the third quarter, giving us a total of 218 service centers. We target the addition of another 30-plus centers over time, as well as the continued expansion of existing service centers operating at high capacity utilization as appropriate real estate opportunities become available. The confidence we have in our short and long-term growth prospects reflects our long record of strong strategic execution and industry outperformance. With the operating momentum demonstrated quarter after quarter by our OD family, and with our strong financial position, we believe we can continue this performance. Thank you for being with us today. And now, I'll ask Wes to review our financial results for the second quarter in greater detail. 
David Congdon: Tom, this is David Congdon. In looking at our nonoperating regions of the country, we're seeing a pretty strong growth across all of the regions. No major weakness. All of our communications with customers indicate that -- are not indicative of any weakness in any particular part of the country. Our guidance for tonnage growth reflects our differentiated position compared, obviously, to the rest of our industry, where we're able to continue to grow our market share, and we're not vulnerable to economic conditions like the rest of the industry. 
David Congdon: We see a stable outlook. You know, we read all of the economic reports like everyone else, and the economy did clearly slow down a bit in the second quarter, and I think the prospects for the rest of the year is it we're somewhat stuck in a slow growth mode, economically speaking. So that's the way we see the economy. But we're just different than the rest of our industry peer group, that we are winning market share with our superior service promise. 
David Congdon: It's too early to tell on that. And it might have helped us that -- it probably helped us retain a little bit of our 559 tariff business last year. We saw a little bit less deterioration than is normally happening with those type tariffs in this environment. 
David Congdon: Yes. That's not on track for September. We actually had a few other -- a couple of other opportunities arise that with some facilities that have now fallen through and we're back on track to building the facility out there in West Chicago. But it will not be -- it's not under construction quite yet. 
David Congdon: Health claims. It's pretty stable there, and no major blips. We do give a general pay increase, the first Friday in September. That's been our practice over the years. We're not in a position to tell you the percentage on this call because it has not been announced internally. 
David Congdon: 29%. That's pretty strong. But we should continue to have strong incremental margins if those 4 elements that contribute to it for us to stay true. 
David Congdon: Well, Scott, it's a -- I think it's just a result of a real long-term focus on building the best value proposition in the LTL industry. And it's an -- our service level's at 99% on-time against industry-leading transit standards. Our low claim ratio, our high-billing accuracy ratio, just service in general, is winning market share. That's just the -- that's it. We're clearly differentiated in this space from a service, operations standpoint, a strategic standpoint, and for investors, from a financial standpoint. We're an outlier. 
David Congdon: Well, one of the things that we try to do operationally is -- and this has been our practice for years, is to open up satellite service centers in these large cities. But in the case of, say, Chicago, who may be totally full, and we can't do anything more. We might have to farm out some business to an agent to help deliver. We're not near that position at this point in time. We're picking up and delivering freight in that market with our trucks, and we're going to be fine in that market until such time that we get our new center built. 
David Congdon: Justin, we've continued the rollout of those dimensional scanners and they're very helpful in the yield management processes. 
David Congdon: Well, the number that we can't predict is the overall cost of fuel. And we don't give guidance on the percentage of revenue for operating supplies and expenses. 
David Congdon: I would say that our goal is to maintain and improve our operating efficiencies, and we're doing a very good job across-the-board with our efficiencies and there was nothing unusual in our efficiencies that drove that number to what you saw during the second quarter. So -- and our goal is to maintain those levels and continue to make incremental improvements in operating efficiencies. How much better can it get? It's hard to predict. 
David Congdon: Yes. We used to have a delay tactic, a lot of delayed tactics, and we try to get ahead of the power curve with the contract negotiations and start the discussions several months in advance of the end of a contract, and we've been successful in minimizing those delays and trying to keep things on schedule. 
David Congdon: I think it's more our own initiatives that drive the whole contract renewal process, and just staying ahead of the power curve is more of our doing than the customers. 
J. Frye: Thank you, David, and good morning. Old Dominion's revenue for the second quarter increased 12.8% from the second quarter last year to $541.5 million. For the first time, we have exceeded the $0.5 billion milestone for quarterly revenues. With a company record operating ratio of 84.7 for the quarter, our earnings per diluted share increased 20.3% to $0.83 for the second quarter this year, from $0.69 for the same period of 2011. The growth in revenues reflect a 9% comparable quarter increase in tonnage and a 3.4% increase in revenue per hundredweight. Our tonnage growth was comprised of an 8.6% increase in shipments, and a 0.4% increase in weight per shipment. This was our second consecutive comparable quarter increase in weight per shipment, following 4 consecutive quarters of reductions. Sequentially, throughout the second quarter, tonnage growth per day was 9.6% for April, 8.7% for May and 8.9% for June compared to the prior year periods. The second quarter as a whole was slightly below the 10-year average sequential increase from the first quarter. Tonnage growth per day for July increased 8.8% compared with July of 2011, and we currently expect tonnage to increase in a 6% to 7% range year-over-year for the third quarter, taking into account that the current third quarter has one less working day compared to the third quarter of last year. On a per day basis, this equates to approximately 7.5% to 8% increase for the quarter. Comparisons for August and September become more difficult with monthly increases for July, August and September of 2011 versus 2010, up 7.9%, 10.3% and 10.6%, respectively. The 180 basis-point improvement in Old Dominion's comparable quarter operating ratio for the second quarter reflects improved yield and density, as well as productivity. Revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharge, increased 4.1% for the second quarter despite the 0.4% increase in weight per shipment and the 1.4% decline in our average length of haul. Considering these changes, we believe actual yield improvement is more in the range of 4.5% to 5%. We expect our revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharge, to increase year-over-year in the range of 3.5% to 4% for the third quarter. Revenue per hundredweight for July, excluding fuel surcharge, was up approximately 3.5%. Density, as measured by revenue, excluding fuel surcharge and shipments per service center, were up year-over-year by 12.7% and 7.8%, respectively, even as we added service centers during the 12-month period. And lastly, direct labor and operating expenses, excluding fuel expense, improved 50 basis points due to an improved late load average, pickup and delivery shipments and stops per hour, and platform pounds per man hour. Fuel expense, as a percent of revenue was, 150 basis points lower in the second quarter of 2011 compared to the same quarter -- excuse me, 2012, compared to the same quarter last year. However, only 20 basis points or 15% of the reduction was due to the lower Department of Transportation average cost of fuel. The remaining 130 basis-point reduction was due to an improved revenue yield, a lower increase in company miles relative to volume as a result of improved late load average, P&D [ph] stops per hour and miles per stop, a 2.3% improvement in miles per gallon, and more efficient fuel-purchasing initiatives. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were $120.6 million and $211 million year-to-date. We continue to expect total CapEx for 2012 to be in the range of $300 million to $350 million, including real estate expenditures of $90 million to $120 million, equipment expenditures of $195 million to $210 million, and technology expenditures of $15 million to $20 million. For 2012, we expect to continue funding much of these expenditures through cash flow in our available borrowing capacity. Total debt to total capitalization improved to 22.3% at June of 2012, from 22.5% at the end of the first quarter and 23.9% at the end of 2011. With full implementation of our existing CapEx planned for 2012, which is subject to the availability and timing of real estate, we currently expect our total debt to total capitalization to remain below 25% at the end of this year. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2012 was 39.5% compared with 35.3% for the second quarter of last year, which benefited from propane tax credits. We anticipate an effective tax rate of 39.5% for the remainder of 2012. And this concludes our prepared remarks this morning. And operator, we'll be happy to open the floor to any questions at this time. 
J. Frye: Yes. It was pretty -- it was fairly equal, Tom, across the board. We had a good growth both in the regional business, as well as the long-haul business. The mix, it didn't change a lot, to tell the truth, in terms of shipments. It stayed about the same. So that indicates that the growth was pretty much the same as well. 
J. Frye: The guidance, Tom, reflects a sequential tonnage growth in the third quarter compared to the fourth quarter, just -- maybe just ever so slightly below a 10-year average, but pretty much on that. 
J. Frye: They are expected to trend about the same, which as you know our length of haul has been down in the 1% to 2% range, and our weight per shipment has been up slightly in the last 2 quarters, so it kind of continues that trend. 
J. Frye: Well, our margins in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, if you look at it historically, it actually kind of averages to flattish. But the range of those margins are going anywhere from the third quarter being 2 or 3 percentage points higher, to 1 or 2 percentage points lower. So there's nothing at this point to expect it to be out of that range. 
J. Frye: Well, I mean, 1 day makes about a 1.5 percentage points difference in the revenue level. So to the extent that, that is not there to cover what will be fixed cost makes something of a difference, yes, compared to the third quarter of last year. 
J. Frye: Well, our pricing in getting there, assuming that a disciplined pricing that kind of corresponds to a GDP growth of 2% to 3% is our, kind of our assumption in here. Obviously, that $3 billion doesn't assume that there's another economic downturn as we saw in 2008 and 2009, with a lot of price competition. But that goal is assuming that the economy stays stable, and discipline in price remains at the forefront as well. 
J. Frye: Well, we don't give guidance of growth, but for just a replacement of equipment, probably a fleet replacement is in the range of $100 million to $125 million to $130 million, just to maintain our -- what we consider our optimal equipment age. 
J. Frye: Our number of doors without giving the numbers, we haven't disclosed the numbers, but our number of doors increased about 5% to 6% quarter-over-quarter. And that's obviously with additional service centers but most of that is coming from the expansion of existing service centers. 
J. Frye: The -- let me get this right here. The P&D shipments per hour, were up 1.1%, and the stops per hour increased 1.3%. 
J. Frye: Yes, I think it's the latter, to some extent, as David had mentioned in his comments, in our view, we did see or felt the effects of some softening in the second quarter and that was probably the biggest reason why our tonnage growth of 9% didn't quite meet the range of the 9.5%. And that's already -- I had already mentioned the third quarter tonnage guidance is slightly below what would be our normal average that we would expect. So I would generally say that while we think the economy is still a little bit sluggish, we still anticipate taking our normal market share. 
J. Frye: Well, Tom, just having that level of additional tonnage through the network is network density that leverages our fixed costs of our service center network, and it helps us improve our unit operating costs. So therefore, we will and should get some improvement in productivity as a result of that density improvement. But we had -- obviously, we continuously have things that we're doing to improve productivity and efficiency across the network in other ways. 
J. Frye: I guess, Scott, you'll have to ask them if there's struggling. We don't know. I know that they're seeing improvement. And they're seeing improvement, I think it's because they realized that they've got to maintain and improve the pricing which becomes more and more obvious as you get this CapEx bubble, which we think that we've maintained our average age, but may be much of the LTL space has not. And to give them an appropriate return on that invested capital, you've got to get that return through better pricing and better yields. 
J. Frye: We don't know all the intrinsic reasons why the economy has slowed, but that could -- I'm sure that has some effect. 
J. Frye: We don't just come up with a number. We have a fairly exhaustive process of what we're looking at. We're looking at it in both lanes and looking at where we are, relative to competition on our general pricing, and we normally try to stay in the upper 25 percentile, not being the highest, and not certainly, not being the lowest. So it's not that we decide a percentage going in. We look at all the metrics and look at the lanes, et cetera, and see what would -- it takes to get a fair proposition, a fair price to make the investment. And that's just what it comes out to. 
J. Frye: And we also are putting in a lot of new 28-foot pup trailers this year that have the loading racks in them, so that -- this should be a further improvement in our claims ratio, and also our laden load averages. 
J. Frye: Actually, our purchased transportation in terms of cartage, what we call cartage, is probably less than 2/10 of 1%, not a lot. 
J. Frye: Well, it's a fact of the matter that it is been moving higher and it has been moving higher for years. And we're comfortable with that. We treat them as any customer, both from a service standpoint and certainly, from a pricing standpoint. 
J. Frye: I just want to clarify that the reduction in that line number, which, you don't see the fuel, but I gave you the fuel, specifically the fuel of that line number, in operating supplies and expense, most of that as you can imagine is fuel, and that did drop 150 basis points. But most of that drop wasn't due to the fact that the DOT prices dropped. Most of the drop was due to investments and processes that we have in place. And so obviously, we expect that to continue, in fact, improve. We continue see improvements in our miles per gallon. We continue to see improvements in how we go about purchasing fuel. And we still see improvements in our productivity. I mean, laden load average improvements and pick up stops per hour improvements, results in fewer miles, and therefore, results in fewer -- in less fuel expense. And we fully intend to continue to see improvements in those metrics. 
J. Frye: Jack, our equipment age, as our goals and the way we look at tractors and trailers and their age has not changed all that much over time. However, it did change a little bit as we went through the recession. We held back on replacement of our fleet a little bit. We also, during that period, were parking a lot of old trucks on the side of the fence so that we would have excess capacity in the event of a potential industry consolidation event, and that drove our average age of our fleet up. And trailers, we pretty much try to keep trailers in the 15- to 20-year range on our pup fleet, and our vans. In our non-sleeper tractors, the total life would be in the 10- to 12-year range, with the first 4 years in linehaul and they're remaining life in the pickup and delivery operation. Our sleeper tractors will run 4 years, 4 to 5 years, and a million miles, and so we try to turn them at that period of time. So overall, our average age of our linehaul fleet is around 3.4 years, and that's probably a little bit higher. We probably would be -- normally would be in the 2.8 to 2.9. And that's one reason why our CapEx for equipment this year is the $195 million to $210 million, is to getting that somewhat back to what we view as a more optimal age. 
J. Frye: Well, the fact in our -- that I'll just say this, the fact that our length of haul was down slightly and our shipment's growth in the regional was a little bit higher, would say that we had a fairly good growth in the next-day regional market, better than maybe the longer haul, but still both -- the margin of growth wasn't that spread. 
