David S. Congdon: Good morning and thanks for joining us today for our second quarter conference call. With me this morning is Wes Frye, our CFO and Adam Satterfield, our Vice President and Treasurer. After some brief remarks, we'll be glad to take your questions. Old Dominion continued its record setting pace during the second quarter of 2015 achieving our best quarterly results for revenue, operating ratio and earnings per diluted share. We achieved these results despite reduced fuel surcharge revenue and a second consecutive quarter in which weight per shipment declined. Nevertheless, the growth in shipments and tons per day for the quarter increased our freight density and a stable pricing environment supported a 5.3% increase in revenue per hundredweight excluding fuel surcharge. Our record operating ratio of 81.5 represents the fifth consecutive quarterly improvement in our OR of 100 basis points or better. Also our OR has now improved for 21 of the past 22 quarters. These consistent improvements in OR have also driven our double-digit growth in earnings per diluted share for the same 21 quarters as evidenced by our 16.3% increase to $1 for our second quarter completed. Old Dominion continued to operate at a high level for the second quarter. Even with 13.4% growth in shipments for the quarter, we again provided an on-time delivery ratio of over 99% and a cargo claim ratio of just 0.33%. We also responded well to the increase in LTL shipments with relatively strong improvements in our productivity metrics for P&D shipments per hour and platform shipments per hour, while other productivity metrics, such as platform pounds per hour and line haul laden (3:46) load average were pressured by the 3.8% decrease in LTL weight per shipment. To ensure capacity in a capacity constrained industry, we are continuing our long-term strategy of differentiating Old Dominion through consistent and sizable investment in our infrastructure, equipment and technology. We also continue to invest in the training and education of our Old Dominion family of employees to optimally leverage our capital investment. We continue to focus on price discipline to ensure an appropriate return on each account. As a result, we have created the strongest financial position that the company has ever experienced, which enables the investment required to sustain the service standards that set us apart in our industry. Many factors have contributed to Old Dominion's long-term performance, but the overriding key continues to be our successful delivery of on-time claims-free service at a fair price. Our performance record reflects the growing demand in the marketplace for this value proposition and we believe that we stand alone in our ability to deliver the high service standards it requires. We expect our strong competitive market position to enable us to further increase our market share, earnings and shareholder value. Thanks for joining us today and your interest in Old Dominion. And now Wes will review our results for the second quarter in greater detail.
David S. Congdon: The weakness in the second quarter of volume trends per day was primarily related to the lower weight per shipment.
David S. Congdon: And as Wes also pointed out in his commentary, our actual shipments per day trended greater than our 10-year sequential. So that's primarily the market share wins that we're having.
David S. Congdon: Not really, Allison. That's pretty much across the board where we're seeing this growth in multiple shippers, multiple -
David S. Congdon: Multiple shipment shippers are usually shipping out of a distribution center going to their end customer. But we also track and look at multiple shipment consignees and how many shipments we deliver to a multiple shipment consignee. And we're seeing some growth in those areas as well, so – but it's more pronounced on the shipper side which is a clear indication to us of our winning additional market share.
David S. Congdon: Well, we don't -- to be honest, we don't really know why it's happening and the anecdotal feedback has not given us much to go on there. But, is there more demand for just in time or are people ordering smaller shipments more frequently to keep their own inventory levels down, there may be some correlation with average inventory levels out there in the macro, but we haven't tried to draw that correlation. But that thought comes to my mind.
David S. Congdon: We've been pretty successful finding drivers. I mean, we've got some tight markets, David. But in general, we've been able to fill the positions that we've had. And from a wage standpoint, we're not seeing any pressure that our wages are out of line. Actually, they're pretty much up at the -- pretty close to the top of the industry most everywhere that we operate. So, no real problems there.
David S. Congdon: It depends on whose denominator you use for the market share, but if you use an ATA number that's up in the $45 billion to $50 billion category, we're at about 7% of that. And then if you use some of other databases and maybe $37 million (sic) [$37 billion] (34:50) market, we are always there, we ask about 8.5%
David S. Congdon: We are delivering a really strong value proposition in the marketplace and a strong service value to the market. And the customers are recognizing this and they are continuing to reward us with additional business and lanes and so forth, and we're winning new customers as well because of the service value that we deliver. And so, as long as we're perceived by the marketplace as delivering superior service value, we think that we can continue winning share.
David S. Congdon: Not, not really. Just keep in mind on the weight per shipment, when you go -- when you take 2015 weight per shipment, they compare that to 2013, it's kind of in line. So we just have an unusual last year with the splits of the truckload into LTL. Now, that's not to say that won't happen again because some of those capacity issues I think are still looming on the truckload market. But it's not as if the weight per shipment this year is a trend forever. It's kind of in line with what was normal prior to that. So we'll just see how that goes.
David S. Congdon: No. It's just all about density, all about yield discipline in the industry, have a little help from the economy is good and continuously improve your efficiencies, which we do that as well.
David S. Congdon: Right. And from an operations or planning perspective, there are no major changes that have to be made if this is some kind of ongoing trend. It's just you're handling slightly less heavy pallets, but you still have to move them across the dock the same way you always have.
David S. Congdon: We pay attention to both all the time, because we focus on every account to reach a targeted operating ratio. And it's never been our practice to trade off growth for less margin or cheaper prices. We don't -- that's not the way we think. But – so, we will – we've been on the right course, as you can see from our numbers and our performance. And we're going to stay on the course we're on with the yield management philosophies that we have and with the service product that we've been building, and – but we're not going to – you won't see us sort of trading off our margin to try to get growth.
David S. Congdon: And with this continued growth in our CapEx and our investing in the company, all of the costs of those investments is embedded in the 81.5 operating ratio. Another thing to think about is that, we have really fine-tuned operations in this company and we are very efficient. Otherwise, we would not be operating at 81.5. And so, when we go to price an account, because we're so efficient, the price that we charge is fair and perceived as a darn good value in the market, because we don't have to charge as much as somebody else that doesn't operate as efficiently but – and still achieve the results we are looking for.
David S. Congdon: Sometimes, we have a large real estate gain just because, we sold a big service center and, we always have some equipment disposals coming and going, but it varies a lot.
David S. Congdon: Okay. As always, thank you all for your participation today. We appreciate your questions. We appreciate your support of Old Dominion and feel free to give us a call if you have any further questions. Thank you and good day from all of us.
J. Wes Frye: Well, I think, you said it. I think, with uncertainty in this economy that seems to go up and down, etcetera, we thought it would be better color just to give you actual numbers and at the same time, as I provided to you sequential trends of the 10-year average, which would help you forecast what the remaining quarter is. But we thought it was more instructive to give maybe a little more detail than we do just on those two guidance to give you some additional statistics as we update the quarter for obviously July of this conference call. And then August we'll submit an 8-K and update August and then...
J. Wes Frye: Well, I'll say that those three reasons that I gave are a little bit anecdotal, although we actually talked to some of our top 50 national accounts about what they were seeing and why the weight per shipment they were seeing were less than they were last year and that was the three responses. And the biggest overriding response, maybe 30% to 40% of the responses were in fact because of lack of truckload capacity last year, they were diverting some loads and slipped them down into LTL. Second reason, they just said the macro is that our demand for our widgets are just a little bit less. And then the third one, they were citing the fact that we have just moved to a trend of more frequent shipments, but smaller. You know, all the things are -- I guess you could call it indirectly and directly macro oriented. Whether the smaller, more frequent shipment is a continuing trend, we'll just have to wait and see. It was the opposite back in 2009 where we saw larger, less frequent shipments combining. But the fact that our number of shipments – and I know some of it's market share, but it's still, in our view, a pretty good sign on the economy that we're still seeing a lot of velocity of shipments. As far as the weight per shipment, when we gave guidance of the 9.5 to 10.5, we were seeing pretty good sequential trends in June and then it just kind of fizzled out and the difference between the 9.1 that we reported and the 9.5 really isn't that much based on the thousands of shipments that we haul. In fact, it's like a 20 pound difference, which is about the weight of a bag of cat litter. So it sounds like it but it really is close and quite frankly, we expect June to build and it just didn't build up to expectation this year. But my commentary into July is our sequential is actually better than 10-year average and our growth in shipments is still very strong.
J. Wes Frye: I don't -- it feels better, but not great. I think it's still too early to see if we had any -- from our standpoint, any significant change in the macro.
J. Wes Frye: The only we worry we have is amnesia. (19:33) other carriers. But, honestly, we haven't seen a reaction to the negative tonnage yet. Time will tell whether we will or won't. But so far, it sounds like everyone is really focused on their yield management, as they should be.
J. Wes Frye: Yeah, the sequential trends for the third quarter on a 10-year average on tonnage would be – July would be 2.4% reduction, June. August is a 0.6% increase compared to July. And September is a 3.2% increase from August.
J. Wes Frye: We treat our 3PLs from a profitability standpoint and it's obvious from our results that we do, as we would any. We don't look at the 3PL on its own, we look at the customers underneath that 3PL and we do the same pricing and analysis of their shipments that we would if it were direct. And that's what we base our pricing on, is to the individual customers underlying the 3PL business.
J. Wes Frye: Most of those are on contracts and we did see a lot of reduced weight per shipment among shippers within our 3PL group.
J. Wes Frye: Okay. Brad, I'll try to answer all that. First of all, as far as we're concerned, we implemented onboard recorders and electronic almost five years ago. So that's not going to be any major factor as far as we're concerned. As far as the truckload industry is concerned, most of the large truckload carriers already have the electronic logs. I think it's going to primarily affect the smaller LTL fleets, where it may cause some capacity to come out from the smaller fleets. So, is the LTL industry or are we in particular prepared for tightened capacity, especially from line haul – you mentioned line haul. We don't do any line haul with purchase transportation to speak of. We just occasionally, for balance purposes, but it's a very small part of our line haul. So we don't see that as a problem for us. Some other carriers who rely on purchase transportation line haul might see – you need to ask them what their plan is. That is not going to affect us.
J. Wes Frye: Adjusted for length of haul, maybe a little bit lower than the first quarter. But on the other hand, in the first quarter overall we had the (26:46) business and that was lapped in the second quarter, so that would explain some of that reduction, but I can say that pricing, just anecdotal feedback from our pricing people, we are successful in getting increased rates from our national accounts anywhere from 3% to 5% and that's on a very fairly consistent basis.
J. Wes Frye: We got good productivity increases. If you look at productivity in David's comments in shipments per hour and in platform per hour, with the large increase in the number of shipments that we had 13.4%, typically that would result in more labor to move those as opposed to a shipment that's heavier. In our case, it was a positive because what we saw was, is a lot of those increased shipments were from an increased number of multiple shippers. In other words, that was shippers that we picked up multiple shipments from, in fact, we had 6% increase in the number of multiple shippers. And within those multiple shippers, we also had an increase in the number of shipments that they tendered to us by 7.5%. So those two things are getting leveraged on -- and on that – from a density standpoint, on those increased number of shipments. And that's why we were seeing productivity in the shipments per hour, both on platform and dock. Now, in the pounds per hours, David also mentioned that was influenced by the fact that weight per shipment was down 3.8%, but the more -- I mean, after all, we do hold shipments, not necessarily weight and that was a positive sign from our – and helped us in the second quarter.
J. Wes Frye: Not necessarily. In that number is bad debts and consulting fees. We were -- in our modernization, in converting to the local platforms at the start-ups, especially during last year, we were using some consultants, and that was going -- some of that was going through that line. And as that rolls out, those are not less, but are starting to get capitalized, they start to develop. So that's probably one of the big reasons of that reduction.
J. Wes Frye: So we could maintain the 30% OR if we just reduced our growth to, say, 3%, and improve our OR by a tenth of a basis point.
J. Wes Frye: The third quarter historically always includes a wage increase and just the normal sequential things. I think the last year, we had a 50 basis point increase in the OR in the third quarter compared to the second, but we had about $3 million gain on real estate in the second quarter of 2014 that didn't repeat itself. So you've got all these moving parts that can influence either quarter.
J. Wes Frye: John, I want to be clear. When we got feedback from the shippers, that was one of the reasons, and that was the last of the three reasons, that were cited. I don't want to give the impression that that's a clear trend that's going to apply materially. That was just one of the reasons. And when I said wait and see, we'll have to see if that's for some reason will be a continuing trend, an increasing trend or become just kind of neutral. We'll just have to wait and see. But obviously we'll gear up for whatever happens.
J. Wes Frye: John, here's the deal and it's probably unlike most of the other LTL carriers. First of all, we price the shipments to be profitable to us. That's the key. And, of course, to do that, you need to have accurate costing to do that, and then if we see that our growth is more than anticipated, instead of trying to, quote, call some freight out to match that capacity, we simply invest in more capacity. And that's why you see our CapEx continuing to go up. And why do we do that? And the big answer is because we can, we have the margins, we have the return on investment capital that can – that gives us the power to do that. And that's – as David pointed out, that's what we'll continue to do.
J. Wes Frye: The LTL capacity is – aside from our sales, we have more capacity than any other LTL out there. But generally LTL capacity is fairly balanced right now or perhaps tight. And so if the electronic logs cause field (47:52) capacity to tighten and freight comes the way of the LTL carriers in general, you would think that pricing would be more positive than it is now should we see more volume come in the way of LTL. One other point that we failed to mention earlier, talking about these electronic logs, is the effect that they may have on the overall owner-operator truckload market. We think that EOBRs are going to really put a squeeze on the owner-operators. They're pretty well squeezed as we speak, and it's going to put more of a squeeze, which reduces some truckload capacity out there. Personally, I don't know what percentage of truckload is hauled by owner-operators this day and age but that's going to be a squeeze, unless of course you're a big -- maybe a big company that already uses them with the owner-operators.
J. Wes Frye: September sequential – the 10-year average for sequential in September for tonnage is 3.2% over August.
J. Wes Frye: Well, we don't give that guidance and right now to the extent that gains have been there, it's hard to project what those will be.
J. Wes Frye: Yes. We've been very consistently selling some excess real estate that was there because of investments in larger -- in facilities as part of our growth.
Chris Wetherbee: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Wes, can I trouble you to repeat the sequential trends for the third quarter? I just want to make sure I caught them now that you've changed the structure here.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay. That's very helpful. I appreciate you doing that. I guess when you think about the weight per shipment and what you're seeing there, I guess I wanted to sort of hone in a little bit on the 3PL business that you do. It's obviously a reasonably large piece of your business. Are there any differences between how you think about the growth in that business and what that may do to the weight per shipment relative to what's coming from your core customers? Just want to get a sense of how that stacks up.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. That's what I was wondering. And then, I guess, sticking on that topic, when you think about that market, you guys have been very successful there. Are you seeing any increased level of competition among some of the other asset-based guys pushing into that market or trying to compete for some of that business? Just kind of curious how the dynamics of that specific market looks.
