David Congdon: Good morning and thanks for joining us today for our first quarter conference call. With me this morning is Adam Satterfield, our CFO, and after some brief remarks, we will be glad to take your questions. First quarter of 2016 was a period of mixed results for Old Dominion. From a headline standpoint, slower topline growth and increased operating expenses resulted in an increase of 80 basis points in our operating ratio and a $0.01 decline in our earnings per diluted share. It was still a good quarter though given the challenging environment and a comparison against our record first quarter results in 2015. After a tough quarter, after a tough fourth quarter of 2015, we were encouraged by the sequential growth in tons per day of 2.2% in January as compared with December, which was slightly above the 10 year average. February and March were not as strong as we would've liked, and as a result our tons per day for the quarter decreased 3.3% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. Note that the tons per day for the first quarter of 2016 was negatively impacted by Good Friday occurring in March this year as compared to April in 2015. As you know, our long-term record of margin expansion has been built on increasing freight density and yield which generally requires a positive macroeconomic and pricing environment. 1.2% year over year increase in our tons per day reflects the sluggish macro environment and does not help much with frank density given the significant investments we have made in capacity. While we didn't gain a significant amount of density in the quarter, we were able to improve our platform productivity with a nearly 6% increase in platform shipments per hour and a 2.7% increase in platform pounds per hour. Pickup and delivery productivity metrics were also consistent with the first quarter of last year. Our line haul load average decreased 3.5% as our line haul productivity continue to be negatively impacted by a lower weight per shipment. The other key component to long-term margin improvement is yield. We maintained our price discipline during the quarter, and our expectation of achieving 3% to 4% price increases this year has not changed. Revenue per hundredweight excluding fuel surcharges increased 3.8% as compared to the first quarter of 2015. Continued growth in revenue per hundred weights is indicative of a relatively stable pricing environment, although we have recently noted an increase in price competition. This has been primarily at select locations and customer accounts which you might expect in the slower economy and has not been broad-based. Nevertheless, we believe our growth in tons and shipments per day demonstrates that we continue to win market share for the quarter. This ability to win market share continues to be based on our ability to deliver total value to our customers by providing superior service at a fair price. We continue to deliver 99% on time and our cargo claim ratio was 0.37% of revenue. We look forward our plan in the pace of either ongoing macro weakness or a stronger environment is absolutely clear and has not changed. We will continue to provide our clients superior on time claims free service at a fair price. We will maintain our pricing discipline. And we will continue to invest in capacity, technology and training and education for our team. These factors all contribute to a value proposition that allows us to keep the promises we make to our customers and their customers every day. Focused execution of this fundamental approach to our business has helped us create one of the strongest records of growth and profitability in the LTL industry across the long and the short term and through the full economic cycle. As a result, we are confident in our ability to continue winning market share and in our long-term prospects for further profitable growth and increased shareholder value. Again, thanks for joining us today, and now Adam will review our financial results for the first quarter in greater detail.
David Congdon: Allison that's kind of hard to say. It was encouraging to see the ISM bump back up and historically there has been a lag. So, hopefully, it means things [indiscernible] a little bit. But we're clearly in a soft economy. We saw it pretty much throughout 2015 and especially settled in the third and fourth quarters and the first quarter of this year and going into April. But when we survey our field and our sales force out in the field, the customer feedback across the board is that it's just generally soft. It's a little bit hard to know what the ripple effect is of the energy sector across the whole nation as well. We've seen it little bit more hard hit in our Gulf Coast regions, in Central States regions where we do some energy-related business, but it's just generally soft. So we're obviously as hopeful as everyone else that things will turn around and get better. But if they don't, we are prepared for it.
David Congdon: I'll try - I'll take that one Chris. First of all, our yield is still in line with our expectations for the year, 3.8. And the industry behavior seems relatively good and when I say relatively, I'm saying relative to what happened in 2008 and 2009. One of the things that I think is a real positive for our industry is the amount of focus that so many of our competitors are putting on technology and dimensioners in particular. That's something that we implemented over a decade ago, and those are dimensioners are really important for accurate costing, they are really important tool. And it's good to see the industry looking at that. We see our GRI Holding as we would've expected it to and our ability to get contract increases still in the 3% to 4% range which is what we expected. So we think the markets really hold the line pretty well on its yield management. So we have seen some spotty in any market you will see spotty irrational pricing behavior and a lot of and I think it's just because the competitor doesn't understand handling characteristics of the freight, might put in a price that's just crazy in our view.
David Congdon: Adam, because we were really focused in the fourth quarter of 2014 and the first quarter of 2015 on getting rid of purchase transportation and shifting our West Coast rail operation to company trucks and even more so reducing PT went into this year.
David Congdon: And John, I will just add to that that in our relationships with our 3PLs, we have not seen an increase in activity from them coming to us trying to beat us down on price. That has not happened. They are always price conscious and trying to do the best they can for their customer, but we have not seen a step up in activity from the 3PLs, those who visit us regularly.
David Congdon: We don't necessarily try to quantify any impact from Easter and what that may have missed on vacations and work and things like that. But the fuel continues to be a headwind I would just say. As that continues to decline. I mean we dealt with it all of last year and you need to deal with it this year. What it is? It's a component of revenue and is it comes down and obviously has a deleveraging effect on other things, but it was the key driver in the 200 basis point improvement in the operating supplies and expenses. But overall, that goes into all of your direct cost and those were doing good. It's just a matter of right now our fixed cost are becoming a higher percent of revenue as the revenue levels have been a little bit softer.
David Congdon: I will have - Adam can talk about the run rate, but I will just touch on the three services. I want to point out though that our non-LTL services are less than 2% of our total, so it's not the key driver of the company at all. It's a small portion. The drayage is starting off with that. We shut down some underperforming locations on the West Coast and Chicago, and we've had as we all know a decrease in imports, and a decrease in exports, and had some fairly significant price competition in that area. So that has impacted our revenues in drayage. Second piece is ocean freight forwarding. We hadn't in-sourced operation with our own people managing our ocean forwarding. We chose to outsource that model in a new partnership with Mallory Alexander and by the way that's going really well. But we've seen and where we were booking the entire revenue, and we're also booking purchase transportation and if we were doing the drayage purchase transportation with an owner operator for the drayage piece, and so we have seen that gross revenue and PT go down, and we're earning - we have a commission arrangement on the loads that we are outsourcing through Mallory now. And the last piece of non-LTL will be our truckload brokerage. And it's down I think primarily due to the macro environment. Truckload demand being down, but the good news is the profitability is up on that and we're making some better margins on our truckload brokerage. Those would be kind of what's going on in those areas, and as far as the run rate is concerned Adam.
David Congdon: Yeah. I mean, it sort of. It doesn't just all go away at one time. So it was somewhat happening. It happened - probably more of it was felt towards the end of the quarter.
David Congdon: On the specific locations that handled these specific accounts, we took cost out for the pickup and/or delivery cost. But as that freight flows through a network, you can't get rid of the cost when the shipments are scattered and moving all throughout a network on trailers. You do, to a degree, maybe, but you can't - you can only control the controllable - the real direct controllable cost. And we did take cost out.
David Congdon: And we've seen accounts that we're operating for us - large accounts that were kind of marginal on the OR like high-90s being taken away for a 25 to 30% discount off of our net charges. And we're not going to haul something at a 120, 130 operating ratio.
David Congdon: I think the ELD mandate is going to have more of an impact on the truckload industry. Most of the LTLs, not all, have some kind of an ELD in their trucks. There are a couple of LTLs. And you might want to ask when they have their earnings calls where they are with ELDs. But we put them in our trucks nearly - I don't know - it was 2010 - well, six, seven years ago, we put them in the trucks. And we are totally compliant and ready to roll. And if somebody has a headwind because they don't have them in their trucks, we'll haul their freight.
David Congdon: No, it's really across the board. The only geography things that we're seeing would be in the states where the energy sector has an effect like Texas and others and Montana where the oil and gas industries have been impacted.
David Congdon: It's certainly an area that could be cut back, but a lot of those are negotiated for the upcoming year under a contract basis and you cannot cut them back.
David Congdon: Expedited for us is I mean, we rolled out into basically the reported numbers for LTL and it's a premium service offering for the LTL business, and we continue to do well in that area. Generally, a lot of times follows are other trends.
David Congdon: I think historically whenever the economy has gotten soft that shippers generally come more price conscious as opposed to service conscious. When things are going stronger, they ship back the other way. And so if you are a shipper and you feel like you can save a buck and your boss is saying you are the traffic manager and your boss is saying save us some money, they can be under some pressure to put some other freight on a lower cost alternative. You know, that's something we cannot measure. I'm just saying kind of anecdotally that that could be happening a little bit. And that historically if we look at how we've gained market share over the years, and times when the economy was tougher, our rate of gain of market share has been less when the economy turns around to get strong, our rate of gain in the market share is stronger. So that's kind of what I am alluding to their.
David Congdon: We continue to focus on ourselves and getting better every day and we're proud of winning this [indiscernible] award for six straight years, and so I don't necessarily think that our competitors are sitting still. But I know that we aren't either. We're looking every day and how can we make improvements to our own service and business model, and how can we make sure that our cost structure is such that our pricing can continue to be fair for the service product that we offer.
David Congdon: Thank you all for your participation today. We appreciate your questions and your support of Old Dominion and feel free to give us a call if you have any further questions. Thank you and good-day.
Adam Satterfield: Thank you, David and good morning. Old Dominion's revenue was $707.7 million for the first quarter of 2016, a 1.6% increase from last year. Earnings per diluted share were $0.72 which was a 1.4% decrease from the $0.73 earned in the first quarter of last year. Our operating ratio was 85.9% which was an 80 basis point increase over the first quarter of 2015. Revenue growth for the first quarter which included one extra workday included a 2.8% increase in LTL tons that consisted of a 6.2% increase in LTL shipments offset by a 3.3% decrease in LTL weight per shipment. In addition, our LTL revenue per hundredweight increased 0.3% for the quarter, but this metric continue to be impacted by the significant decline in fuel surcharges. Revenue per hundredweight excluding the fuel surcharges increased 3.8%. David mentioned we view the pricing environment as relatively stable and have not seen broad-based irrational pricing. We continue to believe that maintaining a disciplined approach to pricing is the path to improved profitability for any LTL carrier and given the low margin profile of our industry, pricing should remain firm overall. On a sequential basis LTL tonnage per day for the first quarter decreased 3.3% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. This was lower than our 10 year average sequential trend which is a 0.2% decrease. Started the quarter with a sequential increase in tons per day for January of 2.2% which was slightly above the 10 year average change of 2%. February and March, however, were both below our long term trends for those periods. We're somewhat cautious with our outlook for the second quarter based on April's trends. We were expecting April's LTL tons per day to be back above the 10 year average sequential trend of plus 0.3% which is typical when Good Friday occurs in March. LTL tons per day for April 2016 as compared to March are currently flattish, however, which is indicative of the challenging environment. On a year-over-year basis our month-to-date LTL tons per day in April have decreased 0.3% as compared with the same period in April of 2015. The year-over-year revenue for the second quarter will also continue to be negatively impacted by the declines in fuel surcharges and non-LTL revenue. We will provide an update for actual April trends when we file our 10-Q. Our operating ratio for the first quarter of 2016 increased 80 basis points as compared to the prior year quarter. This increase was primarily a result of an increase in salaries, wages and benefits due to a 6.7% increase in the average number of full-time employees and higher benefit costs. Our fringe benefit costs were 34.6% of salaries and wages as compared to 33.1% of salaries and wages in the first quarter 2015 due to increased costs for our group health and paid time off benefits, as well as retirement plan cost that are related to the performance of our common stock. We also had an increase in depreciation associated with the long-term investments we've made in real estate equipment and information technology. A significant decline in fuel surcharges had a deleveraging impact on our expenses and also accounted for the 200 basis point reduction in operating supplies and expenses that helped offset the previously mentioned items. Old Dominion's cash flow from operations for the first quarter 2016 totaled $168.4 million, a 2.4% decrease from the prior year quarter. Capital expenditures were 120.3 million and we repurchased $44.6 million of our common stock during the quarter. Completed the quarter was $7.1 million in cash and cash equivalents, $125.3 million of total debt, and a ratio of debt to total capitalization of 6.9%. The end of the first quarter we have repurchased an additional $30 million of our common stock which leaves approximately $23 million available for purchase under our previously authorized $200 million repurchase program. We expect to purchase this remaining amount during the second quarter and we'll seek authorization for a new share repurchase program. Estimate the CapEx for 2016 will total approximately $405 million which is a $35 million reduction from the estimate we provided in February. We reduced this estimate based on current volume trends. Revise total includes planned expenditures of $170 million for real estate and service and expansion projects, $200 million for tractors and trailers, and $35 million for technology and other assets. Effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2016 was 38.4% compared with 38.6% for the first quarter of 2015. We currently expect our effective tax rate to be 38.4% for the remainder of 2016. This concludes our prepared remarks this morning. Operator, we'll be happy to open the floor for questions at this time.
Adam Satterfield: Well, obviously, we don't give guidance in terms of margin, but we continue to do our best with managing our labor trends. Some of the head count increase that you're seeing or that we talked about of 6.7% increase includes where we've changed our [indiscernible] model to an employee-based model versus our use of owner-operators in the past. And so you saw somewhat of a shift from purchase transportation into salaries and wages. So I think that we've done a good job. When you look at fulltime - the number of fulltime employees that we had at the end of the year, that decreased from December to March. So we're doing those things. And we're just generally keeping our belt as tight as we can, when it comes to any discretionary spending across the board, while our revenue levels have been a little softer. But I think that you saw, when you look at our depreciation and the increase that we had from first quarter 2015 to 2016, that's just indicative of the long-term investments that we've made in the business and in systems that we think will give us long-term strategic advantages going forward from an operating efficiency standpoint and generally having the capacity to grow. So in the short run, depreciation can be more of a headwind from a margin standpoint when our revenues have just been a little bit softer than we would have liked.
Adam Satterfield: That's a hard one to say. We first saw the increase in our group health cost in the fourth quarter, and it sort of was that line with trends that we had seen really for the first three quarters of last year and 2014 trends as well. So we've spent a lot of time going through that and what's driving the increase right now is just the number of claimants that are filing claims. Our average severity trends at least in the first quarter have been pretty consistent. But generally when we've seen increases like this, when you go back into 2013, we kind of had a period of several quarters with increasing trends. That has continued, and frankly in April our group health the payments that we make out every day have continued to be at the sort of similar elevated level. And so, we are doing everything we can in terms of looking at reasons why. We're having claims filed and if there are any type of preventative programs generally the way we think of it is this is the health and welfare of our employees and their dependents. And so we want to make sure that we're doing all the things we can to make sure that our people are healthy.
Adam Satterfield: No, we obviously the labor is the biggest thing to manage, and that's what we've been doing. And making sure that we are matching our productive labor cost with what our actual volume trends are. Our variable costs, if you will, are somewhere around 60 - in the low 60% range. So when you've got those other costs that are generally fixed, some of that is investments that we're making. And, again, when you get back to - we believe in the fundamentals of our business plan and our long-term strategies. So we want to make sure that we're continuing to make investments, particularly, on the real estate side that we've got the network that can handle the long-term market share growth that we believe we can win by continuing to deliver best-in-class service at a fair price. But some of those other things you just don't want to necessarily go into and [indiscernible] sort of a short-term way of thinking. But the biggest thing is we'll continue to monitor our labor cost, and then we'll continue to look at areas where we do have discretionary spending and make sure that we've got adequate control over those costs.
Adam Satterfield: Yeah. Basically, our revenue per hundredweight, when you exclude the effect of fuel, is generally staying in a similar type of range with where we've been. It's trending around 3%. Weight per shipment continues to be down. We talked about this before that on a sequential basis our weight per shipment is kind of hanging right in there around 45, 50 range. And we'll continue to have that headwind in the second quarter. So it's trending down in kind of the 1.5% range. But overall weight per day at least month-to-date was down 0.3%. And really we anticipated this. When you have Good Friday in March, we anticipated that April will be a little bit stronger than it was. And when I look back at the last time that April was - I mean, Good Friday was in March, your April sequential trend is up more in the range of 2.5 to 3%. So we're just not seeing the same type of sequential change at this point. I think that we continue to win share every day. We've had a couple of big customers that we've lost though, and so those can have impacts on some of your trends.
Adam Satterfield: Well, in 2009, our tonnage fell off like 19%. We are nowhere near any kind of a recession like we saw back then. But back to Adam's comments, we've managed our labor cost every single day. We've got the systems in place to monitor and prove our docks to match the tonnage that we're expect - tonnage and shipments we're expecting to come across the dock each day. And we might have pointed out - I think we pointed out earlier that our dock productivity has improved 6% in terms of I think the shipments per hour or the tons per hour. So, we're gaining a good productivity. We have reduced our head count since the fall by roughly 2%, which is good, but honestly we thought the first quarter would come in stronger than it did. But it did not, and it's clearly from what we've seeing so far the macroeconomic environment. We have the systems in place. We've got the management in place, and we'll - if we have to cut back more drastically, we'll certainly do so.
Adam Satterfield: Believe the answer is yes on that Brad. Because if shippers are shipping a slightly less weight on a shipper which is what's happening, when we open up the back door of a trailer and have to move shipments across the dock, we're moving them one at a time as a shipment. And if the wait on that shipment is 200 pounds less than that turns into $10 or $15 less on that shipment, our cost of moving that shipment across the dock didn't change, but we're getting $15 less. Its kind a like the guys who are pumping the oil out of the ground and getting $30 a barrel where they used to get $80 a barrel. They're cost of extracting a barrel of oil out of the ground is what it is, you can't hardly cut back on that cost. So, that is part of the pressure we're seeing on our salaries, wages and benefits.
Adam Satterfield: Pressure that we've seen, I mean, like we've said, it continues to be relatively stable overall and it's just been like David mentioned earlier, it's been spotty in places, but it seems like it has been more sort of localized with a few accounts maybe in a few locations. So I don't necessarily think that e-commerce in today's environment is necessarily driving any changes, but back to David's point earlier, is that as shipment dynamics change you've got to understand the weight of your shipment, the dimensions of those shipments as well and we've made investments in dimensioners and competitors are doing the same thing. So, with all of the focus on the industry, we think that bodes well for pricing to remain firm and we get back to the point as well that we've made in the past that the industry, in general, is operating with, call it, single-digit profit margins. If you're not earning an appropriate return to cover your cost of capital, you're not seeing investments in capacity really other than anyone other than ourselves and so we think that that will keep pricing somewhat in check. The average makeup of that mid-single-digit margin is skewed differently in today's environment than it was back in 2006 as well. So, we think that ourselves included, but carriers that are focused on improving their profitability will continue to be disciplined with their pricing.
Adam Satterfield: Just to clarify, we don't - some carriers may - you may have seen numbers that adjusts for Good Friday being half a day or anything like that, we count that as a full workday. So, that was skewed negatively a little bit, but we count it as a full workday.
Adam Satterfield: Yeah, if you sort of back those employees out that we've added, it's probably more in - the increase was between 4% to 4.5%.
Adam Satterfield: Really more so in the fourth quarter. We started making some of those changes in the back half of the year. But really you see it more in the fourth quarter about flash themselves now.
Adam Satterfield: There has not been a change in the market. There has been a competitor that has stepped up some activity of pricing in the market. And that's all as far as I am going with that. In general, when we are in the face of a soft market, all of us, we do business with nearly 90,000 unique shippers every. And all of our LTL competition has pricing in place for those shippers as well. We are all competing for a lot of the same business. And as we talked about, as you've seen in some of our numbers, when we look at our pricing per hundredweight compared to the industry going back to 2008, we tend to be a higher-priced carrier for LTL, but we have a higher value of our service. And that's why shippers have chosen us. But in a soft economy, if there is another carrier that has pricing that's a little cheaper, some shippers will shift some business to a cheaper carrier but does not necessarily mean that someone came in and cut prices. It's just the price is what it is and it has been that way. So it's not really a competitive pricing thing for somebody is coming out and try to cut prices to get our business. Okay. So it sounds like specific actions that one carrier took was a little bit more impactful here, albeit obviously the macro is not great but it sounds like it was - may have been isolated to one or maybe a couple of carriers.
Adam Satterfield: Yeah. I mean some of that is last year we were still using a little bit of purchase transportation within.
Adam Satterfield: No. Just in general, some of the purchase transportation we were using within our own line all network. And so as we continue to evaluate our use and we've essentially eliminated for the most part any use of purchase transportation within our own line but we continue to evaluate schedules every day and look and you know within our line haul operations to make sure that we are given the best on time service, but that there are Lane transit times or as quick as they need to be as well, so to even improve service. So I think that when we look through line haul we mentioned that they are late load average has trended down which has somewhat impacted by the decrease in weight per shipment as well, but that's an opportunity as weight per shipment normalizes and just increasing again revenue and density that's an area of improvement that we can stay focused on as we progress through the year.
Adam Satterfield: Most of our orders were already in, and like many things that the pricing will get, I think is pretty fair and we're consistently buying units year in and year out. I think that would get fair pricing in any given period, but we are bringing in equipment. We brought that number down a degree. We went through and look at the number of units that we could cut out that we weren't already obligated to without any type of penalty, and so that was a piece of that $20 million decrease in the tractor and trailer CapEx, it would be consistent with what the replacement factor needs to be, but what current volume trends are as well. And buying year in and year out it keeps your fleet age sort of consistent or continuously improving, which helps on our maintenance cost per mile. as well, and if you make significant changes in one year or the next really that can create a bubble within your own buying down the road, which we think frankly is somewhat the industry may be dealing with that same type of factor, but we can always bring in equipment and get rid of maybe some of the older power units in particular that really we've put the miles on.
Adam Satterfield: About 35% or more of our revenue is with 3PLs and so when you look, obviously, if that were the case, that probably had more of a negative implication on what our reported revenue per hundredweight is, but the way we deal with third-party logistics carriers is over the long run has been that we want to make sure we understand the freight that we're hauling, and it's more of a strategic relationship, and partnership if you will. And we don't look and go after transactional type business that we tried to bring into the system with them and were price maybe moving more up and down, we want to understand the customer that they are out and bringing to us what those shipment characteristics are and then we put the pricing in place that can be profitable for us and meets our margin objectives. And I think they can help us, and we can help them as well.
Adam Satterfield: Yeah. I guess we aren't ready to roll out any guidance in terms of what our tonnage expectations are, but we made the comment that we thought that April would be a little bit stronger than it's been, and it's underneath when you again go back to sort of 2005, 2008 and 2013 when you had that same Good Friday occurring in the first quarter in March, we would have expected to see growth more in that 2.5% to 3% range over March, and it's more of kind of the flattish rate right now. So it remains to be seen with what the economy is doing. But I think like David mentioned earlier, we are encouraged by the fact that the ISM started increasing generally there's a couple months lagged with that. Industrial production was down last year, and so any kind of improvement we see in that industrial economy obviously would bode well for starting in May and June. So we'll have to just keep in touch with that and then obviously we'll continue to put our mid-quarter updates out and will give our main tonnage once we finish that period.
Adam Satterfield: There may be some continued decrease in total full time employees. But keep in mind, our shipments volumes have been up, and so there should be year-over-year basis probably a continued increase More importantly, what we can manage our hours as well. So we may have the people, but we may be working them less and sort of getting hours back in line as well. So that number may vary. I don't think that sequentially that will probably adding as many people in the second quarter as maybe in prior periods, but again that's going to be based on the level of growth that we continue to see in and we monitor every day.
Adam Satterfield: I think the 20% that we talk about last quarter is the right number to be thinking about long-term for us than when you get into long-term margin improvement, what we've talked about in the past is, you need improving density, improving yield and you need the macroeconomic environment and the pricing environment to contribute to those factors, and so, right now we just don't have all of those factors working in harmony or at least we did it in the first quarter. But so - with the investments that we've made, some of our fix cost can become a higher percent overall as revenue. And be a headwind when revenues are not as strong and frankly we need a little bit more contributing factor from the economy I think.
Adam Satterfield: Yes, I mean it's normalized now Todd. It was about $30 million revenue in the first quarter. The fourth quarter was pretty normalized as well. It was - although we still have a little bit of revenue there. The fourth quarter was about $14.5 million of revenue.
Adam Satterfield: I guess, I don't want to necessarily comment on that until we take our recommendations to the Board and get full approvals and once that happens we will obviously will publish that. But you can look and see. I think we stepped up are buying in the first quarter in comparison to what we've done in the past. We are purchasing about $45 million, and we've already stepped up our buying in the second quarter as well. And some of that was - we've got a 10b5 program going, but it's also opportunistic as well. When some of our share price was lower in the first quarter that was when we took advantage of that, and stepped up that volume. So I think overall though, we feel like we've got a really strong balance sheet that will continue to allow us to invest in our LTL business and continue to grow that where we've really enjoyed healthy returns. We will continue to disciplined, but we will continue to take looks at mergers and acquisition opportunity, but what we just finished is looking at ways that we can return capital to our shareholders to really improve the total return on our share price.
Adam Satterfield: I mean, we obviously have customers that come and go when we did have a couple of big ones that we lost and those were or probably more pricing driven than anything else. But we always evaluate customers, and we go through a bid process and our costing department is doing that every day. And I think that our win percentage on the bids that are coming through have been consistent with what we have seen in the past. But we obviously will continue to evaluate those, but those are having or had an impact in some of our first quarter trends.
Adam Satterfield: But, again, we have nearly 90,000 unique shippers every month, and our largest customers are less than 2% of our business and we only have a couple that make even 2%. And then it's mostly 1% on down to very small percentage of our business. So we just only made the comment that we've seen some pricing pressure out there in the field on a couple of our large accounts, not that they had a significant impact on the quarter. What you saw primarily is the impact of macro economy on the quarter.
Adam Satterfield: The challenge that we have is to make sure and we've seen this happen in the past that we go into the shippers and demonstrate the added value of our service. So if you're comparing an invoice or list price from us versus a competitor, if you have made some type of shift like this, what has your own time service been, as your cargo claims been, what charge back then. So when you look at basically their internal expenditures, how does that really compare from one versus the other and have a really generated any sort of savings on a total cost of ownership basis.
Adam Satterfield: None specific Will, other than what we mentioned earlier that a lot of that is based on what - that improvement is based on what sequential trends and growth from a revenue standpoint is, is the revenue is building in those periods than getting leverage on our fixed costs....
Adam Satterfield: Yes we continue to see our renewals in that 3% to 4% range and that's really what we believe we will continue to see as we progress through the years. We haven't made any changes in that regard for what our expectation would be.
Robert Salmon: Hey, good morning and thanks for taking the question. I think, Adam, when you're talking about the market share gains that Old Dominion has experience and clearly we are seeing that with your shipment growth relative to peers out there. You had mentioned kind of a couple of big customer losses as well within that sense. Can you give me a sense of when that occurred and how we should be thinking about that in context of the April tonnage update? And any sort of color around what drove that. I'm assuming it was on the pricing side. But any additional color would be helpful.
Robert Salmon: Okay. So it would've been towards the end of the quarter or I am assuming it's after January. But I'm just trying to bifurcate potential impact from that versus the economy softening up a little bit.
Robert Salmon: I understand. I guess, as we're thinking about the variable cost there, I would imagine there will be a little bit of a short-term headwind as you adjust the network to reflect kind of some of those customer changes that we're seeing.
Robert Salmon: That makes sense. Not, certainly when your OR is on 85.9. Nice results in a tough environment. Thanks, guys.
