Adam Satterfield: Well, I think that certainly, some of the quarters, those trends are very consistent. We've talked before about the first quarter and the fourth quarters can be a little bit more movement versus the average, just given the variability at times with revenue trends in those periods and certain costs that trend in various ways in those periods as well. But I think we've certainly performed very well the last couple of years and produced a lot of operating ratio improvement. I think regardless of the seasonal sequential changes from quarter-to-quarter, we always talk about the -- over the long term that we generally expect we've seen and would expect to continue to see 100 to 150 basis points of operating ratio improvement. And a lot of that gets back to our focus with our pricing philosophy. We try to achieve revenue per shipment growth of 100 to 150 basis points above our cost per shipment inflation. And when you look over the last 10, 15 years, including fuel in both of those metrics, that's what we've been able to achieve. So certainly, some years when we've got significant revenue growth like we saw last year and certainly, in the environment that we're in right now, where we're growing revenue at about 30% in the first quarter, a little over that. Certainly, it's a good environment to keep driving improvement in the operating ratio maybe above those longer-term averages. But over time, that's certainly part of the focus is to continue with that same type of mentality with our yield management philosophy. 
Adam Satterfield: Yes. It's, I mean, a continuation of strong revenue growth, 28% is about where we are. Continuing to see strong yield performance, which that has certainly continued throughout the first quarter and same types of trends into April for sure. So it's a reflection of our ability to continue to win market share. We talked about it earlier that, as we continue to have conversations with our customers and with our sales team. We continue to get positive feedback as it relates to demand for our service. And many of these conversations center on the lack of general capacity within LTL and LTL is different from truckload. And I think a lot of shippers have seen the value of LTL. And certainly, the e-commerce effect on supply chains, there's been movement of freight within LTL that we believe will stay, and we believe we'll continue to see tailwinds on over time for the industry, and we think we can be the biggest participant in winning share as that industry continues to grow, much like we've been the biggest share win over the last 10 years. So certainly, that's our plan is to keep investing ahead of growth and keep delivering service value that's better than anyone else in our industry. We've got an unmatched value proposition and our customers continue to respond to that. And so that will be our focus, is to continue delivering best-in-class service and making sure we've got the capacity to support our customers' growth. 
Adam Satterfield: Sure. Certainly, in the first quarter, when you look at some of the sequential changes that we had from 4Q. We outperformed what the normal seasonality was and what we had talked about our target was going to be coming into the fourth quarter -- or first quarter, rather, from the fourth. And some of the benefits that we saw really a variance from the 10-year trend were in our miscellaneous expenses. Those costs were lower. Those normally are about 0.5%. They were lower and we got some benefit, normally see an increase. They are general supplies and expenses, also were favorable to our longer-term trend. And some of those reflect control over discretionary spending like we talked about. And then some other things, were just -- there's times where you get some favorability and especially on those miscellanies expenses and other times where it could go the other way. It's usually 0.5% plus or minus. So we'd expect some of these items that potentially could increase. And I would just say, if you kind of go back to the fourth quarter and look at seasonality from fourth to first and then second, that would have put our operating ratio just above a 70%. But I can tell you, we'd be pleased with that, but we're really focused on being able to see an OR that starts with a 6. So anything that starts with a 6 is going to be good by us. 
Adam Satterfield: Well, like I said, miscellaneous generally is around 0.5%, and it was at 0.2% of revenue in the first quarter. So we would expect that to move back to where it's historically trended now again. It's not to say that some of the favorable trends that we saw in the first quarter couldn't repeat. There's a lot of elements that go into that miscellaneous expense. But it's more normalized around that 0.5%. And then certainly, in some of the things in the general supplies and expenses we could continue to see some increases there as well. But no specific guidance, if you will, to say what that's going to be, but it wouldn't be unexpected to see that increase, if you will. 
Adam Satterfield: Well, certainly, that's our expectation is to continue to produce growth. And the piece of the capacity equation that you always have to look at is on the service center side. It takes doors to process freight within LTL. And so that is the more determinant figure in terms of how much from the levels where we currently are that we can continue to grow. And we generally like to have somewhere 20% to 25% excess capacity. So our CapEx plan this year includes about $300 million to further expand the capacity of our overall service center network. We've opened the 3 facilities so far this year, and we've got more that are slated as we proceed through the year to keep expanding the number of service centers and some of those dollars are increasing doors at existing locations as well. Now when it comes to the people side of the equation and the fleet, much like you've seen in our numbers over the last couple of years, the lever that we pull there is we have to use purchased transportation if we need to supplement one or the other of those pieces of the capacity equation. Certainly, we've stepped up the increased use of purchased transportation. We were actually pleased to see that the outsourced miles that we had in the first quarter have actually trended down versus where we were in just the fourth quarter of last year. So we're continuing to make progress there as we continue to add people to our OD family. We had an 18.5% increase in the number of full-time employees. So we're continuing to be successful there and attracting new people to our business and retaining those that we already have. And then we're continuing to balance the capacity of our fleet. As Greg mentioned in prepared comments, there's multiple ways to do that. We're having to hang on to some of the older equipment. We will get some relief later in the year we hope, with deliveries of what's been ordered, if you will. But again, we can use purchased transportation as needed to supplement there. So I think we've got those pieces covered, and we're continuing to give 99% on-time service performance with the claims ratio between 0.1% and 0.2%. So it's best-in-class service despite the significant volume of growth and processing significant growth on top of the growth that we had last year. 
Adam Satterfield: Yes. Certainly, the increases that we need in the first half of this year are going to be higher, just like we talked about the expectations on our inflation. We started seeing really the inflation pick up in the middle of last year. And so as contracts were maturing in, we were having to start asking for more. We look at the current environment as those mature and what we're seeing and what we expect. And we're always making predictions for multiple things, what our volumes are going to be, as well as our cost and what our customer needs are, but certainly started seeing acceleration in some of those renewals in the back half of last year, and those need to continue as we move through the first half. But we are starting to get some normalization on some of the weight per shipment trends. At this point, our weight per shipment is flat with where we were last year. We've seen a decreased weight per shipment over the last year or so as well as an increase in the length of haul. So both of those changes in mix have been supporting that overall reported yield number, and making it look stronger than just the core increases that we're getting. But we continue to target cost plus. That's been our long-term pricing philosophy. It's been consistent and one of our customers know and can understand and we'll continue to execute on that same type of philosophy as we progress through the year. But with some of those mix metrics normalizing, when you just look at kind of normalized trends, it would -- if you look at kind of normal seasonality, if you will, just sequential increases from this point forward, it starts coming down. The year-over-year starts getting to the higher single digits to kind of mid-single digits and eventually normalizing, if you will. But certainly, right now, we're able to get increases that are covering our cost inflation, and I think you can see that in our numbers. 
Adam Satterfield: Well, right now, like I said, we're flat. So as we progress through the second quarter, then we could. If things just sort of hold steady, if you will, from a mix standpoint, then certainly, we would start seeing some increase, and that's kind of the point of you might start seeing the reverse of what we did last year, where the mix change puts a little bit of pressure on that reported revenue per hundredweight. Certainly, in the third quarter, that was our low watermark. I think we were at 1,538 pounds on average in the third quarter of last year. Right now, we're trending somewhere in the 1,575, so between 1,550, and 1,600 pounds, but it's been a little bit heavier on that scale over the last few months. 
Adam Satterfield: All right. I'll try to clarify that first. I'll just talk about our revenue growth, and we don't want to necessarily give the details. We'll wait unless the month settle out. But like I kind of referenced earlier, in March, we saw revenue per hundredweight, excluding the fuel, that was up about 9%. And that's about the same year-over-year change that we're seeing. From fuel, we never really get into the breaking down fuel contributions, but the average price per gallon in March is about the same in April. And so it's averaging about a little over 5 -- about $5.11, $5.12. So there's about a 62% increase in that DOE price per gallon in March, and the same type of increase that we're seeing in April. So we'll have similar contributions, if you will, there. So the overall yield continues to show considerable strength and the comparisons start looking a little bit different, if you will, on the volume side. And when you look at last year and what the revenue growth was, we had total revenue growth of about 16% in the first quarter of last year, and it was 47% in the second quarter. So those will certainly change as we progress through the second quarter, the comparisons get a little bit tougher. Which is why we're extremely pleased to see the strong revenue growth at 28% in April. But you'll continue to see contributions like that. The yield is certainly driving a lot of that revenue growth for us right now, but seeing very solid volume performance as well. In terms of the operating ratio, don't want to give specific guidance per se, but my point was we certainly had some favorability in the first quarter. I mentioned the general supplies and expenses and the miscellaneous expenses and that those could revert back. So there certainly could be some pressure on that normal sequential change that we see from the first to second quarter. One other thing that was beneficial was we had lower fringe costs in the first quarter than what I expected for the year, and that's fringe cost as a percent of our salaries and wages. So I would expect that to kind of normalize back to where I thought it would be for the year. So there may be a little bit of pressure on a couple of those items. Time will tell and we'll see. But my point was if you just took normal seasonality from the fourth quarter, certainly, we had big outperformance in 1Q. But if you took normal seasonality from the fourth quarter and ran it through to the second, that would have put our operating ratio right in a 70.2%. And we'll see that would imply less seasonal improvement than what we normally expect. And what the point of the matter was if we operate anywhere that starts with a 6, it fits a 69.9%, we will certainly be very excited to see that kind of number. We're sitting here like Burt Reynolds and Jerry Reed trying to do something that they said couldn't be done. And we think that we can get it done. But certainly, if it comes out that it's about 70.1% or 70.2% that's producing very strong profitable growth as well. But nevertheless, not throwing necessarily a specific target out there, but just saying what could be done with some of the numbers and how they might normally train it. 
Adam Satterfield: Well, from a tonnage standpoint, that was the point we wanted to make was that what's going on in truckload right now. We are already last year, had taken a lot of the heavier weighted shipments that might be considered spillover freight in prior periods and had worked those out of our systems. So we don't have those same pressures, and I don't think many of the other LTL carriers do either, just looking at some of the statistics. I think freight demand had been so solid and influx of freight into the LTL world that many carriers and certainly, us, we can speak to specifically, were just focused on long-term LTL freight, not something that might be more transactional here today going tomorrow type of thing if truckload capacity loosened up. So we're not seeing the same type of pressures and not really hearing about it from an overall competitive landscape either, that there's some movement of freight going back into the truckload world. But certainly something that we'll continue to pay attention to, and we're talking very frequently with customers and our sales team. But again, that's consistent feedback that we're receiving from all parties is that demand continues to be solid. And certainly, numbers are what they are and part of the conversation in our prepared remarks talking about 10-year trends and so forth, we've doubled our market share over the last 10 years. And that doesn't always come in a linear fashion. So we might have a month where volumes underperform for a monthly period, our 10-year average trends, and that's just certainly not something to get overly concerned about. And we saw some of that in the first quarter. We underperformed, if you just look purely from a 10-year average sequential standpoint, on the volume side, but we produced a lot of revenue growth and good profit growth as a result. So we continue to be encouraged by the overall environment, and the feedback that we're hearing from customers and our sales team and want to continue to do what it takes to take advantage of the volume flows that may come our way this year. 
Adam Satterfield: Well, I mean, I think you've got to look at past performance to a degree to see how we react. And as Greg mentioned earlier, we've taken the opportunity in the past and some of those slower periods like you mentioned, to, in some ways, accelerate our investments. And I mentioned earlier that we're probably a little bit behind. We're at 15% to 20% excess capacity. We like being at sort of 20% to 25% on average. And we're a little behind that target range is given the significant volume growth that we've had. So we look through a longer-term wins, if you will, and try to project out where we think our market share and our volumes might be in the next 5 to 10 years. It's not just always in the here and now because certainly, you can't execute when it comes to real estate investments in a very short period of time. Oftentimes, and we didn't necessarily see this in the last slow cycle in '19 like we thought we might have, but in prior periods in downturns, we've seen some opportunities come our way that were attractive investments from land opportunities, existing service center opportunities. So certainly, if something becomes available in an area that's on our long-term road map for where we want to go, then yes, we would take advantage of something like that. But it's just always sort of looking at what's in front of you, if you will, from an opportunity standpoint and then us thinking about the longer-term opportunity where we want to be, where we think we need to have capacity to support the continued growth within our network and to be able to keep our service metrics where they are today. 
Adam Satterfield: Well, we certainly have one, we've just recently disclosed our first ESG sustainability report. So we were proud to get that out. And I think that was a means to show some of the long-term improvements that we've made over time with operating efficiencies and overall improvements in our miles per gallon and so forth, and we'll continue to track towards some of the goals that we have internally to continue to improve those metrics. And one of the key pillars of our foundation for success is continuous improvement, and that means multiple things, continuous improvement in multiple areas. But as it relates specifically to electric vehicles and autonomous and so forth, we'll continue to stay engaged with manufacturers to see what's coming down the line. We would like to try to test some of the equipment, and we actually ordered some equipment, but we're still waiting on the delivery of the truck. And so I think that goes to some of the pressures that the OEMs have in terms of what actually is being produced and is planned to be produced in the near-term. We're still from all the feedback we get from specs and capabilities, don't believe that electric trucks as they exist today, really fit the operating model of an LTL network, at least how we run our business. But we felt like we wanted to have a seat at the table and that was why we put an order in to get something and actually put it in place to operate and to be able to give true feedback in terms of what the limitations may or may not be. So -- but we'll continue to stay engaged with all of our suppliers in that regard to see as things change and where it may make sense to try to integrate some of that technology into our network as it makes sense or not. 
Adam Satterfield: No, we haven't provided the detail. Consistent with what we've done in the past, we'll give it with our 10-Q, but just gave where we're trending from an overall revenue standpoint and then gave a little extra color on kind of what our yield trends are doing. 
Adam Satterfield: Well, I certainly think it's been more disciplined, and you can go back to 2019 and in particular, the second quarter of 2020 as well. I mean, that was a pretty steep drop for everyone from a revenue standpoint. And no one knew how long of a drop we were going to be in. But I think that there was a lot of discipline that was shown. And I think it gets back to -- there's certainly a lot of value that an LTL carrier can offer and there's a lot of expense to running and to expanding an LTL carrier's network. And we certainly have seen that over the years. We talk a lot about the cost of expanding our real estate network, the land cost facilities where we have to lease some of the rent rates have almost become prohibitively expensive, but something I thought that way about a couple of years ago may now look like a bargain. So it's one of those things where we've got to continue to build that type of cost escalation into our pricing plans. And I think we'll continue to certainly see our numbers and our philosophy, no change with respect to the cost plus pricing that we've displayed over the years. And I think that it's likely that we'll continue to -- we've seen discipline from the other carriers and wouldn't expect any change in that regard. And the industry now, I mean a lot has certainly been written lately about what's going on in truckload. But you've got almost 70% of the LTL revenue that's in publicly-traded companies now. And so it doesn't take long to see what everyone is seeing and doing and certainly, probably more important to see what actually is going on for management teams versus just reading reports off of the Internet that's sensationalized, maybe a little bit more. But I don't think you can all necessarily extrapolate what you're seeing in some of those reports to the LTL world. 
Adam Satterfield: Yes. Certainly, we were able to use the purchased transportation in an increasing manner as we went through mainly 2021, started stepping it up a little bit in response to the acceleration in volumes that we saw in the back half of 2020. And I'm speaking of the sequential acceleration just to be able to keep pace with the growth and expectations from our customers. But we've got good carriers that we've used to supplement mainly within our line-haul operation. And it's overall still pretty minimal in terms of the outsourced miles. Certainly, we saw the cost increasing, if you will, as that rate environment was increasing. But we were able to work those third parties into our network and keep our service metrics high, while responding to significant volume growth from customers last year. And we saw maybe a slight uptick in our claims ratio. That was probably more or somewhat reflective of using third-party truckload carriers versus our 20- and 28-foot pup operation and all the claims prevention tools that we have. But when I say it uptick-ed, it uptick-ed from 0.1% something to 0.16% that just rounded to 0.2%. So we're talking very minimal increase there. And that's part of the overall value that we provide to our customers. And Greg mentioned it earlier in his prepared comments that part of our value proposition is having capacity. When you look through prior cycles, look through 2017 and 2018, we were able to grow with our customers right now. And when you look at the other carriers, at least public carriers in the back half of last year were pretty flattish from a volume standpoint. So we're able to come in and demonstrate value, not only with the service quality that we offer but being able to provide capacity when no one else can. And so that takes investment. It takes investment in the real estate of fleet and our people. to make sure we've got that flex capacity. And certainly, we always try to stay ahead of the game as best we can in that regard, but certainly pleased that we're able to deliver that for our customers. 
Adam Satterfield: Well, we've talked about this before, but in our business, the way we try to manage and project out, we always have a baseline forecast for the year. And then we have scenarios with growth above that baseline and scenarios where the volumes are below that baseline, and we try to have a plan for both. We have that baseline plan and then how we're going to execute in either side of that scenario. And all we can do is continuously look at our numbers and have continuous conversations with customers. And certainly, we've had years where we've been above and below our baseline scenarios and you just make operational decisions from that point forward. And part of that is the way we structure our network. We give -- each of our service center managers has got control in terms of managing their headcount and running their operation as needed in terms of adding to or are pulling back on some of the additions that they're making depending on what the environment is like and -- but it just takes constant communication between us and our customer base. And oftentimes, a lot of that is communication with many of our third-party logistics customers, 6 of our top 10 largest customers are 3PLs, and they're a fair amount of our overall business, and they generally have a read on what's going on and if there's mode shift and other things. And we still get favorable feedback from them with respect to the expectations for volumes this year. And so that kind of goes into our baseline and maybe why some of our conversation and thinking might seem a little bit different than what others might be talking about with respect to overall transportation this year. 
Adam Satterfield: Yes, we do. I feel like it will continue to grow. And right now, we've got -- when you look at all the industrial numbers, those are all favorable for sure, and we're seeing good growth. Our revenue growth in the first quarter was pretty balanced between both our industrial and our retail-related business. We're continuing to see consumer spending. But irrespective of that, there's freight demand for LTL carriers and shippers that this e-commerce effect on supply chains that are leveraging the network that we've built out in moving freight if it's a manufacturer that is moving freight. In yesteryear, it may have been one full truckload of goods to a regional distribution center that may be 10 different fulfillment centers in that same region. And we can fill one truckload basically, one full van of goods at that same manufacturer. But they're now leveraging our network as we distribute those goods throughout our system and to that ultimate fulfillment center. And so we think that type of change will continue to drive volumes into the LTL industry. And I think that given the investments that we've made and the requirements too, from the big box retailers for their vendors shipping product in, most have on-time-in-full or must-arrive-by-date type of programs. And certainly, it's a focus on the on-time deliveries and no damages. And when you've got the best metrics like we do, that's how we can add further value to our customers by making sure that they show well on their vendor scorecards with their customers. And that's been a piece of the market share that we've won over the last 10 years, and we think that, that trend will continue going forward. 
Adam Satterfield: I mean, it's still more weighted to industrial than retail. About 55% to 60% of our revenue is industrial related and 25% to 30% is retail related, but it's -- that's probably moved up the spectrum closer to that 30% threshold. And I mentioned that we've seen a lot of good growth in our -- with our retail customers and we have. I mean, that's been a big part of the story. But we continue to see good growth in market share with our industrial customers as well. And there have been periods where that retail was growing a bit faster, but both are growing for us, and we're still seeing good share there. So it's -- that retail component has crept up a little bit, but our good industrial business has grown as well and has continued to somewhat keep pace. 
Adam Satterfield: No. It's -- we look at the inventory to sales ratio, and that continues to be low and really reconciles the feedback that we're getting from customers, be it on the retail or the industrial side that inventory balances are lower than what they prefer them to be. We have an awful lot of conversation about the number of back orders that many are dealing with, and in some cases, missed opportunities where they simply haven't had product on the shelf for ready now if it's a online purchase, if you will. And so I think that's something that Greg mentioned earlier that we're seeing and hearing not only from the customer side, but we're seeing it and feeling it from our supplier side as well. So both kind of go hand in hand and many of our suppliers are also customers. So we're seeing that across the board, if you will. But that's why we think that even -- I mean right now, consumer spending continues to be strong. I think household balance sheets are good and maybe consumer confidence is not as high as it has been. But we still feel like freight demand can continue for past any type of consumption slowdown just given the fact that we feel like inventory balances need to be built back up. And we continue to believe that long term, we'll see a higher inventory to sales ratio than perhaps where we were, pre-pandemic. 
Adam Satterfield: Just to add a little bit more color to that, too, and reinforce the point. If we had not made the decisions to invest in 2016, we wouldn't have been able to take advantage of the revenue opportunities that we had in '17 and '18. And the same is true in 2019. If we had listened to everything that we had read at that point and had pulled back and not continued to execute on our CapEx plan, then we wouldn't have been able to enjoy the growth that we saw last year and what we're seeing today. So it takes investment during those slower times to kind of build up that excess capacity to be able to participate in these really strong market environments. And I think that's why you've seen us have a little different performance. It's a different strategy. But certainly, we've been able to participate on the upside the market swing more so than anyone. So as Greg said, we feel like we've got a really long runway for growth ahead of us, and it's just going to continue to take that continuous investment cycle whether we're in the middle of a market upturn or if things are slower, that's just something we've got to maintain our focus on and make sure that we're continuing to expand the network overall. 
Adam Satterfield: You're very perceptive asking something like that, but that credit did go away. That credit has sort of come and gone at different times. But at this point, I think it's gone. We'll see if it comes back or not. 
Greg Gantt: Yes. I'm not sure it's going to get a whole lot better. I mean, the equipment that we had planned to receive this year was planned to be delivered later in the year than we would normally take it. Typically, we would start taking trucks, especially late in the first quarter on through the early fall. And then the delivery would pretty much -- deliveries would pretty much be over. We would have what we had purchased for that calendar -- particular calendar year. And this year, it's just -- it's a lighter build from the get-go. That's what we were told. So that's the difference. It's just coming a little bit later. We're getting a little bit less than we had hoped to get, and we're getting a little -- getting it later. 
Greg Gantt: Jordan, we've done this in the past. I mean, I don't think anybody likes to manage through a downturn or a recession or whatever you want to call it, but we've done it in the past. It's surely not a lot of fun and you have to make hard decisions at times. But we've managed through the worst recession ever in 2009, at least in my pretty lengthy career, it's probably the worst ever. We managed through that fairly well. Then we did it again in '16 and through a flat year in '19. So we've geared up, then we've geared down and gear back up and this business is up and down. It always has been. But if we have to manage in a downturn, I've got all the confidence in the world we can manage through that. As Adam mentioned, though, so far, so good this year, our trends are good. Our feedback from customers are -- is very strong. We've had 2 of our top 10 accounts in the building in the last couple of weeks. And they're both very positive on their business and their customers and these were logistics companies, by the way. They're huge, and they manage an awful lot of dollars. And their outlook is very strong at this point in time. I think our standing with these particular accounts and with our accounts in general, our standing is better than ever. And at this point in time, we're not thinking about a downturn. If we have to, we will. But that's not where we are today. 
Greg Gantt: Yes. Todd, I think we are -- we -- I think we have pretty much caught up. We still have some needs in some places, but we're much closer than we've been probably in the best shape we've been in over a year. So happy with that, happy with where we are. And we'll just have to see how the volume trends continue. If we continue on our current growth trajectory, then we will have to continue to add some as our seasonality dictates, but I think those needs will be fewer certainly than they were in the last year or so. But yes, we're in a better spot and feel pretty good about our standing today. And that wouldn't be a bad thing to see that continue to level off a little bit. 
Greg Gantt: Todd, not that I know of, not at all. I think it's just continued growth from existing accounts. Certainly, we continue to take on new business. We have a very significant group of sales folks working out there every day. So we do continue to gain some new business from the reports that I'm seeing, but no normal growth from existing customers. I think just the continued confidence that they have in us and the service performance that we've given in the past and they like it. Their customers need that. Their supply chains, as Adam mentioned, supply chains are challenged and putting that product on the shelf more important now than probably ever. 
Greg Gantt: Yes. Bascome, if -- again, a big if, and I know it's a hypothetical, but if we saw a major downturn of some kind, and all of a sudden, we had excessive capacity, maybe we would look to do something different. But to tell you the truth, as Adam mentioned earlier, sometimes in a downturn, it provides the best opportunity for you to go out and do some things in certain markets that are extremely difficult to get them done. And that maps an opportunity for us and give us that very, very difficult place that we desperately need. So I hate to talk too much about hypotheticals, but we'll certainly take advantage of the market if it provides some opportunities for us. We've got to be opportunistic. I've talked about it in the past, how difficult it is now to acquire land in certain parts of the country, how difficult it is to get building started and whatnot. And I think we'd be terribly remiss if we sat back and said all things that really slowed down, and we shouldn't do this. And if you can flip the switch and build a facility in 6 months or even a year, that's one thing. But when we know in some of these markets, it's 2, 3 and 4 and 5 years to get something accomplished. You've got to be opportunistic when those opportunities are there, you've got to strike and you've got to take advantage of them. So I'm not sure that anything would drastically change our outlook and our strategy at this point. I think we've had a fair amount of success, I think you'd agree with that. What we've done, it's worked, and we've continued to put ourselves in a good position to take share and honestly, I don't see that changing. If we were at 30% share, something crazy, but we're still at a 12% market share. So we think there's still a lot of upside for growth from our standpoint. And again, I think it's critical that we take advantage when that opportunity provides. 
Greg Gantt: Well, I'll be honest with you, Tyler. I'm maybe a little more concerned. We're going to have opportunities and exceed that number. But we'll just have to see. We've got an awful lot of projects in play. So we'll just have to see what opportunities present themselves. And I can tell you at the price of land nowadays that we can reach that budget pretty darn real quick. So it's a challenge, but I think we'll get there, honestly. I think we'll be all over it. 
Greg Gantt: Yes. It's relatively significant. I'm not talking about properties now. I'm just talking about materials, I did see something from our real estate folks recently. And it's probably in the 20% range, give or take, some materials or more than that, some less, but the cost of everything, be it concrete, steel, any and all materials has definitely increased relatively significant in the last year to since the pandemic. Everything is up there. 
Greg Gantt: Yes, Bruce, I can't comment on that. I have not heard that. I expect that will be an issue if it continues. But yes, what we're hearing from over there, it's not good, and it's a locked down Beijing and as long as well as the rest of the port cities that they have already, it's definitely going to be an impact, but I have not heard that, not from our sales folks or our customers to this point. 
Greg Gantt: Well, thank you all for your participation today. We appreciate your questions, and feel free to give us a call if you have anything further. Thanks, and I hope you have a great day. 
