David Congdon: Good morning, let me begin by saying that I too am pleased about the company's performance for the third quarter. Our business model which we have been refining for nearly two decades now is built around an innovative and flexible team of people, providing superior service at a fair price. We continue to invest significantly in the company to execute with discipline and to strengthen our customer focused culture. We are fully committed to certain strengthen our market differentiation through consistent and sizeable investments in the resources, training and education that our employees need to exceed our customer's expectation. By doing this we can also continue to focus on yield management to ensure every account has an persuade return on that investment. While we are actively returning capital to our shareholders through stock repurchases, we are also committed to maintaining the balance sheet strength required to support the investments in the equipment, real estate and technology that is necessary to provide our customers with the superior service they expect and depend on. With ongoing execution we expect this commitment to enable us to continue to deliver on our unique value proposition and continue to outperform the industry. We remain confident in our ability to produce further long term gains in market share, earnings and shareholder value. Thanks for joining us today and now let's move to view our financial results for the third quarter in greater detail.
David Congdon: Wes made comments -- made some comments about that the comparison to last year, there was some fall off from the truckload [peers] last year that we're not experiencing this year that has affected the weight per shipment and then the general macro trends of the economy being little soft, shippers with -- their holders are smaller and they're shipping smaller orders more frequently that's what we're hearing from our sales force and the third point is we are obviously winning some market share and the new look at our overall length per shipment compared with our industry competitors, ours is heavier. So, if we are winning market share, we are winning smaller shipments which will also impact our weight per shipment slightly.
David Congdon: Overall, we continue to feel that the pricing environment is stable, this is based on the feedback from our pricing department as well as our sales force, you will always have a pocket here or there of one tier or another may do something irrational or our [opinion perhaps stupid], which is nothing new. So, the way we see this still -- is still somewhat stable. We specifically tried to ask if what we heard this week from another carrier was truly about case and we just don't see it that way yet.
David Congdon: You are right Alex, we don't give any guidance on the fourth quarter, so you will just have to take our story variance and make your own conclusions on that.
David Congdon: I just want to reiterate the fact that our tonnage [lumping] which affects our [laid] load average, but keep in mind that we’re still in double-digit growth on shipments, so in an area, in a [indiscernible] you wait for shipments drop, you kind of expect your laid note load average to drop as well simply because you just have lighter shipments. But on the other hand, if you look at our productivity in terms of shipments per hour shipments, shipments per stop, all those measures on shipments, it's still a part of the factor and resulted in part of our positive results for the quarter. So we still get positive results on shipment, if you look at in units instead of pounds.
David Congdon: Well, Allison I can assure you we are not going to deviate from our pricing discipline strategy and the notion of trading of price per volume or volume per price, is not in our vocabulary.
David Congdon: Yes, Allison I mentioned in my comments that a couple of reasons, one is mathematically, when you have less fuel surcharge, you would expect those cost, outside operating slight expense to increase as a percent of revenue and that's just mathematically one factor, another thing is when we were having in 2014, we were using a lot of rail up around the mid-west Pacific northwest with the service problem from the rail carriers of that time, we converted all that rail to company owned equipment and so part of that is converting and we had tremendous growth in that area also converting that is put to an increase in salary and wages, converting that to rail and you will notice it's all offset of purchase transportation is bound as well which reflects that offset. Secondly we have [indiscernible] operation that we’re converting from lease operative model to a company owned driver model and so that has an effect as well.
David Congdon: One thing that we're kind of conscious of that when we had to slowdown in ’08 and ’'09 we actually did not see a drop in our weight per shipment, we saw an increase in our weight per shipment. And what was happening because of the sluggishness of the economy, our shippers were instead of shipping weekly were holding the shipments and shipping every two weeks. So we saw a decrease in the number of shipments and an increase in the weight per shipment. In this environment, we’re seeing the opposite, we’re seeing an increase in the number of shipments, which is a positive sign, but a decrease in the weight per shipment. So what’s going income is more frequent shipments one of the reasons is we’re seeing smaller, but more frequent shipments.
David Congdon: Right. And just to make sure there is no question that the weight per shipment dropped this year is definitely related to the greatest degree to the spillover of the truckload last year. The second thing is the macros causing fewer widgets are being demanded so, that's causing it also and then as I mentioned some customers have been shipping more frequently with smaller shipments. But if you look at our weight per shipment, this year it actually compares quite favorably to 2013 and years before. So, it was just said that the last year was an outlier, now what will happen next year -- I mean right now there's a lot of capacity in the truckload market because call it the economy softness now that heats up a little bit is there won't be enough driver availabilities, there're not going to be enough capacity that that can happen again. We don't know, we'll just have to wait and see, but our weight per shipment is really quite comparable to 2013.
David Congdon: Chris we are anticipating growth for next year. We're bullish on our sales, more certainly in the economy, we think we continue to have opportunities in this marketplace to continue to win market share without some peers service level so within that CapEx range there's definitely some CapEx growth.
David Congdon: I've addressed this in the past that as we continue -- if we continue to win market share and put density across in that work with a reasonably decent pricing environment which we believe we still are in and we're continuing to improve efficiencies in little ways across the entire company that our operating margins can't continue to improve. So, we still see it that way, if those variables change i.e. the pricing and finally got worse because of -- and usually that's because of a worsening economy and by the way we don’t see worsening economy, we don't get anything back from our sales force that, that our customers are worried about a worsening economy. So, I think we're going to keep seeing a steady economy which should mean these pricing environment -- I think our factors are still good for a continued margin improvement at least as far as we're concerned.
David Congdon: All of the above, we are generally facing increases in all cost capital, equipment, if real estate continues to rise the price of property continue to rise, for real estate for example we are able to take advantage of some real good real estate deals years ago but as we are looking at real estate today and the size of facilities that we need, there is no deal in real estate now, everything is expensive from the land to the construction cost and even if occasionally we will run across a large service center that suites our need and they are not cheap like they had been in the past. We just generally have cost increase pressure across the board including your wage increases that justify the need for pricing in -- modest price increases each year.
David Congdon: John, we keep an eye on our largest cost there obviously is labor cost to move shipments pickup and delivery and dock and so forward and we were watching that on a daily basis, hourly basis down at the supervisory level actually and historically when you look at any giving year, September's usually your peak and shipments and tonnage per day and then as West pointed on the back on the sequential trends, what you got and what you say in September usually kind of carries out to the end of the year and we built up to handle that peak volume and we are not hiring through for the rest of the year, it is pretty much except for replacements of people that we might lose or just anywhere that we might see that we need to add someone, but we keep our finger on the pulse and if were to see a slowdown we can take action if we need to reduce headcount but we don't see a need for that at this point in time. 
David Congdon: Well a good measure of that would be the 3PLs and we don’t have a transparency underneath that to see what the mix is.
David Congdon: The tonnage comparisons are even tougher year-over-year in the fourth quarter than they were in the third quarter approaching 20% for the fourth quarter last year, so it's a very tough comparison.
David Congdon: We think that macros definitely have some softness in October, I can put a little color on this October, I was doing a little study this morning, we have a report by our non-operating regions and kind of look at that which regions are stronger than others and it's interesting that our strongest regions happened and be up again easy comparisons last year and our weakest regions for October are up against harder comparisons for last year. And so overall to me it looks like our growth is pretty well balance, that if there is some weakness it will be in what we might call the oil and gas related states and regions of the Pacific Northwest to gulf post region in our central base regions. And that would be, it’s not terribly weak at all for us in those regions. They’re still relatively good, but if there is any weakness that’s where it is. 
David Congdon: Our market share gains are really kind of across the board, there is no particular company or region of the country where they are stronger than another. We have a very balanced service product with multiple regional operations, multiple inter-regional connecting regions with adjacent regions and national service. So we’re competing with the small regional players, the multi-regional companies and the national players. And we just get a little bit here and there. So it’s just a matter of working with the customer and [indiscernible] and improving yourself and then building your business and it’s happening all over the company.
David Congdon: The unique thing that we have going for us is that we have continually invested in our company. We’ve invested in real estate significantly and have continued to build service centers with excess capacity to handle future growth. So if something drastic were to happen in the marketplace with a competitor failing for example. The hardest thing to ramp up is labor and that will be the hardest thing. But we have excess capacity in our real estate and excess capacity in trailers to handle a surge and obviously you can rent tractors and trailers, the hardest thing to ramp up in short order would be drivers and [guard] people. We certainly been anticipate anything drastic in the competitive marketplace happening in the near-term.
David Congdon: And Brad thank you for bringing this up. We're going to miss Wes, he has been with Old Dominion for 30 years and has meant just the world to our company in adding value to what we do internally, with his expertise and financial management, analytical skills and the whole thing. We're going to miss it. 
David Congdon: That is hard to say well, well I think it's still uncertain exactly what they will do to Conway and how they will execute on that, so it's hard to say. [Indiscernible] together if they don’t do it properly then it's going to be very difficult, it could cause business to come over.
David Congdon: By definition there should not be -- I mean we price whether it's organic or whether it's additional, we still price it to earn the margins that we need drop it to investments.
David Congdon: Okay, because, yes it's okay. Alright, it's hard -- it's hard to say. If market share from deeper penetration of existing customers taken away then we do get some leverage because now we're getting multiple pickups that we're going to competitors that are coming on our trucks, so there is some leverage there.
David Congdon: Yes, but we could be getting market share and just starting fresh with a brand new customer who is only giving us single shipments to begin with and the margin on that's worse than one where you give additional shipments in existing setup.
David Congdon: Keep in mind Tom, that the comparison in October is against the 20 -- almost 21% increase in tonnage last year.
David Congdon: Yes, it feels a little bit soft, but soft doesn't mean down and that's what the indications are, soft is for 2% to 3%, it's still on the GDP it's still soft and that's how we're defining that.
David Congdon: But as far as a specific number, I think he's asking if view went from 3% positive to zero or what will the number be for us not to be able to improve margins. How much…
Wes Frye: Thank you David good morning. For the third quarter of 2015 Old Dominion's revenue was 779.5 million, that's an increase of 4.8% from 743.6 million from the third quarter of 2014. Our operating ratio improved to an 82.1 for the third quarter from an 83.0 last year and earnings per diluted share increased 10% to $0.99 from $0.90 in the third quarter of last year.  Revenues for the third quarter reflect a 6.6% increase in LTL tonnage which was comprised primarily of 11.7% increase in LTL shipments a 4.6% decrease in LTL weight per shipment. LTL revenue per hundredweight decreased 1.6% for the quarter primarily due to reduction in the fuel surcharge. Revenue per hundredweight excluding fuel surcharge increased 5.2%, declining weight per shipment for the quarter had a positive impact on the revenue per hundredweight somewhat offset by a small decline in [indiscernible]. On a monthly basis LTL tons per day decreased sequentially by 1.2% for July from June increase slightly by one tenth or 1% for August and increased 3.4% for September. This performance compares to our ten year average sequential month trends that show a decrease of 2.4% for July, an increase of 0.6% for August that's six tenths of 1% and an increase of 3.2% for September. So on average sequential trends was slightly higher during the quarter when compare to our 10 year average. On the compatible quarter-over-quarter basis LTL counts per day increased 7.7% for July 5.8% for August as previously announced and 6.4% for September. Impair able quarter growth in shipments for July, August and September were 12.9%, 11.7% and 10.7% and 10.7% respectively. While our weight per shipment declined 4.6%, 5.3% and 3.9% for the same months. We've now had three sequential quarters and a decline in weight per shipment which we believe is driven by several factors including the truckload capacity challenge during the third quarter of 2014 as resulted in additional courage migrating to LTL carriers that was not repeated in 2015. Also customers modifying their LTL shipment patterns to smaller, more frequent shipments and also as well by the softness in the economy. Looking to the fourth quarter we expect LTL accounts per day for October to increase approximately 4.1% versus 2014. Sequentially this represent a 4.4% decrease in tons per day compared to September versus a 2.8% decrease for the 10 year average. The increased tons include approximately a 10% increase in the number of shipments offset by 5% decrease in the weight per shipment. Sequential ten year average and accounts per day in November and December is 3% increase and an 8.7% decrease respectively.  We also expect revenue per hundredweight excluding fuel surcharge to increase 5.5% for October. With the fourth quarter we will again face tough comparison versus last year, monthly year-over-year LTL tonnage per day increased during the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to 2013 by 20.8% for October, 20.6% for November and 18.5% in December.  Fourth quarter of 2015 has the same number of word days as of fourth quarter of 2014. As David discussed the 90 basis points improvement in Old Dominion's operating ratio primarily reflected our increased freight density on the yield as well as some improvements in productivity. While a significant decline in fuel prices affected our revenues to a reduced fuel surcharge it also resulted in a 316 point reduction in operating supplies and expense. Another expenses expressed as a percent of revenue were higher during the quarter which was partially attributable to a lower denominator due to the decline in fuel surcharge revenue.  Salary, wages and benefit expense also reflected the partial quarter impact of a 3.5% increase in wages beginning in September as well as an increased use of company old equipment and employees in the lieu of rail service.  Capital expenditures for the third quarter of 2015 were $130.8 million. Now estimated CapEx for the entire year of 2015 will total approximately $451 million, including land expenditures of $139 million for real estate, $278 million for tractors, trailers and other equipment and $34 million for technology and other assets. After anticipated asset sales, we expect total net CapEx of approximately $431 million, a preliminary CapEx investment for 2016 should be in the range of 430 million to 460 million. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2015 was 38.4% compared with 37.1% for the third quarter of 2014. We expect an effective tax rate of 38.6% for the fourth quarter of 2015. This concludes our prepared remarks this morning. And, operator, we'll be happy to open the floor for any questions at this time.
Wes Frye: I can’t because I was lost too. Let`s go through that, so July our tonnage per day decreased by 1.2% from June. The 10-year average says that that he increase for July from June was 2.4%, so that was last in the sequential. For August we increased 0.1% that's one-tenth of 1% from July and the 10-year average is 0.6%. So that was a little less. For September we increased the tonnage from August 3.4% and the 10-year average is 3.2%, so that was above. So if you look at all that averages together on average our sequential trend was even [maybe] own part to slightly higher on what would be the 10-year average.
Wes Frye: Yes, we were face with its truckload still over most of’14. So we won't really lap until we get into 2016 most likely.
Wes Frye: Yes, I mean our percentage of revenue the third-party has been growing slightly than it did in the third quarter. But not by leaps and downs, but our ratio indicates that we're still getting good results and we have a very big relationship with 3PLs.
Wes Frye: Well, of course. But that’s where the price discipline falls in, our added value. It really makes a comment there the 3PLs need to provide their customers with best in class service because they wanted to obviously to prevent turnover of their own customer base. So they realize that assets were important and the other thing is high level of service are important and they are willing to make sure that we are getting compensated sufficiently for that investment in the service that we provide.
Wes Frye: Was a question that the 5.2% is influenced by the reduction in weight per shipment but as David already point out, we are getting contractual business 3.5% to 4% of increases. So it’s the net of that.
Wes Frye: Right, it’s reasonable. If you neutralize that difference in weight per shipment, we will still be showing some improvement.
Wes Frye: Yes. Over the last couple of decades I think whenever we have seen weight per shipment fall off it’s a precursor to a softer economy and when the weight per shipment gets larger orders are getting bigger and the economy is improving that’s a general correlation, I think has existed as long as I can remember. 
Wes Frye: I think back in ’08, ’09, it was just such a drastic change in the economy, that calls that phenomenon that they was just said, but now since we’ve been coming out of a recession, we’ve just been on steadily increasing, slowly increasing economy since it was pronounced I guess in July of ’09, that we came out of the recession, we’ve just never seen any kind of a strong rebound of the economy. But now it’s just kind of gradually [indiscernible] and a gradual shift of the economy. I think you do see the correlation between weight per shipment and the economy, but that drastic period was [this].
Wes Frye: Yes, we've been -- we've continue to buy our stock, this year we've bought throughout the third quarter, we've bought up to $85 million and so forth, in the fourth quarter we bought another $20 million, in total we bought out to [indiscernible] on the currency $100 million filling it out. So, we think we can continue to invest heavily in the LTL network which we intent to based on our CapEx guidance for next year but we can execute buybacks as well.
Wes Frye: The impact it was relatively neutral, very little headwind on the reduction fuel surcharge relative to -- I would say if at most it maybe did 10 basis points.
Wes Frye: It's pretty much on plain for the most part for what our CapEx was this year or will be this year. But in terms of look at as we get larger, as percent of revenue, the CapEx that we’re looking at next year is actually smaller as percent of revenue. And much of that CapEx is still going into expanding network and expanding real estate.
Wes Frye: Yes. We expect to maintain or obviously maintain our fleet on a replacement cycle and then as David mentioned we expect growth and so it's all including that, but on the real estate we will spend what we need to spend to take opportunities but certainly as a percent of revenue going forward we do expect our CapEx as a percent of revenue to stop to drop.
Wes Frye: Directly we do very little business, in fact [indiscernible] so we don’t see very much risk there. However we do a lot of business with other 3PLs and so we think that we will probably gain market share on that front.
Wes Frye: Hey if you’ve ever seen Adam speak, his feet are bigger than mine so he is very capable of doing that. 
Wes Frye: We don’t give guidance on that Scott. We think -- as David already mentioned there's no reason why if the macro is halfway decent, we still think that the LTL competitors have got to maintain price in order to improve their [internal] debt to capital and even to provide funds to invest in capital. We'd be surprised but we expect pricing to be stable for most of next year.
Wes Frye: We had not added that many sales deep into our ranks for our sales force over the last couple of years, we've been pretty stable with the size and we're just successful winning market share that way even in a soft patch. So, if it got worse would we increase the number of sales people? I don't most really think so. Would we try to increase our focus on 3PL? I don't really think so. We'll discover steady as it goes with our strategies and that seems to be working regardless of the economic cycle we're in. So, I just think we'll stay focused on doing what's working for us now.
Wes Frye: So unless you're looking at shipments and shipments is sequentially in the fourth quarter is right on target with 10 year sequential trends. And so, we're not seeing a softness on our shipments -- on a number of shipments per day. They're just smaller because of the softness in the economy primarily.
Wes Frye: For October the sequential in shipments is down 3.3%, that's what it is, that's what it was in October this year from September. The 10 year average is 3.5%, that you can see was actually better sequentially.
Wes Frye: Part of that increase is -- there're a couple of components there, no one as fringe benefits which is [indiscernible] always being inflationary for the most part, and secondly some of that increase in wages -- in special wages as I mentioned is substitution for lower purchase transportation and that's hardly for our LTL vision, we are not hardly using any purchase transportation whatsoever it's all long in Old Dominion's profit company drivers, So some of that's just an offset to that.
Wes Frye: I guess as what I also talked about some of that mathematically is due to the fact that the fuel surcharge is so much lower. So whether it goes in the future I'd hate to say it may depend on what the fuel cost is and how that affects the fuel surcharge. So that has a relationship going forward. So I'm not sure what to expect the relationship will be because of the top line in that and how quickly we continue to substitute purchase transportation with company equipment especially in our drainage division. So I am not sure to what to accept to relate ship would be because of the top line within that and how quickly we continue to substitute purchase transportation, the company own equipments especially on our container grades division.
Wes Frye: Well, we don’t give guidance on that, we'll give you some more details on our CapEx break down, on the January conference call into what is equipment, real estate and then maybe you will have a better basis to make your own calculation of that then. 
Wes Frye: What expect for just growth, whether do you call it from market share or own focus on that which offsets it. And when say expedited, we talked about expedited [indiscernible] domestically not globally.
Wes Frye: Yes, in tonnage sequentially we will get to it. Well another way. Okay the sequential trends in tonnage for November the 10 year average is 3% up from October and a reduction of 8.7% in tonnage in December.
Wes Frye: Well I was say obviously we impose our own inflationary factor in wages by yielding a 3.5% increase and of course that doesn’t apply across the board. And we think we are in fact getting some of that back through improved productivity and we’ll give some of that back through this density. So make-up for that, it has to be a pretty positive number. It wouldn’t be 3.5%, it will be something less than that.
