David Congdon: Good morning. We were encouraged by our fourth quarter results, despite the headwinds that were mentioned by Earl. Our team continued to execute our business plan and win market share by providing on-time service of 99% and maintaining a low claim ratio, which was only three-tenth of 1% of revenue for the fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter results also reflect our continued commitment to yield management. Revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharges, increased 6.1%, driven by our pricing discipline as well as the positive impact on this metric from decreased weight per shipment. In addition, we improved our dock and pickup and delivery productivity during the fourth quarter. The combination of these factors and our continued focus on controlling cost contributed to our profitable growth for the quarter. We have long maintained that we could produce long-term profitable growth and margin improvement by focusing on density and yield, assuming a steady macroeconomic environment and rational pricing within our industry. Although the macro has not been as robust as we would like, pricing within our industry has remained relatively stable. We are confident in our ability to continue winning market share and we continue to be very confident about our long-term growth opportunities. Looking forward, we are focused on delivering our proven value proposition, which we expect will continue to fuel three key elements of our business model: fuel management, freight density, and productivity. Old Dominion has outpaced the rest of our industry, and we will continue to strengthen this differentiation through our ongoing significant investments in capacity, technology and employee training and education. These investments have given our employees the tools and knowledge they need to continue to exceed our customers' expectations and help the world keep promises. As a result, we believe we can continue to drive long-term growth and earnings and shareholder value. And thanks for joining us today. And now, Adam will review our financial results for the fourth quarter in greater detail.
David Congdon: As we all have tracked and watched the ISM, PMI index has been under 50 for about four months. My personal gut feel is that we've been in a slump, we're in a bottom, and I'm more optimistic that we'll see some improvement next year. It is encouraging to see the sequential trend from December into January pick back up again, but December was definitely a headwind for us. It was an unusually soft month on a sequential basis, as Adam pointed out in his comments. But the latest that I read is we are looking at say 2.5% GDP growth for next year.
David Congdon: The comment I read on, what RFB said, was that they -- it sounded to me like they took it on their spot quote type business that they were being more aggressive on that type business. Maybe I misunderstood it. But nonetheless, we still believe the environment continues to be relatively stable. I mean, overtime, you've always had spotty rationalization here and there that occurs. But our pricing policies and practices remain unchanged. We feel confident and good about the pricing environment right now.
David Congdon: The real estate is fairly well fixed, because it relates to projects that are pretty much underway and things that we need to do for the future as well as the IT and other spend. We have some flexibility in the equipment side of the equation. We buy a certain amount of that as for our replacement cycle that we would not change. But the equipment that's in there for growth could be adjusted. We have cancellation provisions at roughly 90 days.
David Congdon: In the e-commerce trend, there continues to be a demand for LTL service moving freight into the distribution centers, where the e-commerce freight goes back out by parcel. And with the just-in-time type inventory trends that we've seen and everyone wants everything faster and quicker, I think the premium service LTL providers can continue to bring freight into these distribution centers to fill the e-commerce demand.
David Congdon: Well, there are two major factors on that. Last fall, before the fourth quarter even ended, we had shifted from a rail operation to an over-the-road operation from Chicago up to the Pacific Northwest. And so we reduced a lot of purchase transportation that we had in that lane, and put it on company trucks. And the second piece has been a shift in strategy with our ocean container division to move toward a company truck model, and so we don't have that purchased transportation line haul. And I guess, there is a third one, we had the purchased transportation that had to do with our ocean forwarding operations that we have chosen to take a different path on that.
David Congdon: Correct. It all has to do with improving, maintaining and improving our best-in-class position as a best-in-class LTL service provider.
David Congdon: We don't really segment that out to give you a definite answer, but the gut feel is the answer is no. They're roughly the same.
David Congdon: Yes, there's one other factor about productivity is if you turn the clock back a year ago, we had some fairly strong growth in the latter half of 2014, and we were adding a lot of people. And for a dock worker to get into our company and get up to speed, and learn our systems, and learn the way that we load freight to minimize damage and maximize load average, et cetera, et cetera, it takes at least six months to nine months for somebody to get up to speed. And so now that we're kind of in a, I would say, I'll call it a soft spot in the economy, a good thing about that is that we're not having to add more new people right now, and the people that we have are reaching that, they're getting in a stride now, of where their productivity is improving. So if there is a benefit of a slower growth economy that might be one of them.
David Congdon: Frankly, we've seen some opportunities with some of the competitive changes in the marketplace. We do business with -- about a third of our business, roughly maybe 30% with 3PLs, and one of the really -- we're in a really unique position as an asset-based LTL service provider, with no conflicts of interest at all with our 3PL customers, and that does offer us an opportunity to serve that segment of the market, and serve it well, and build levels of trust with 3PLs to grow our business with those 3PLs. So we've had a few opportunities in that arena.
David Congdon: It's a little harder. And a lot of that will depend on, to some degree, the competitive landscape out there, and what the competitors do with pricing. I want to point something out, and turn the clock back on something that we have pointed out going back into '06, '07, '08, '09. We had done an analysis, and we said that for every 1 percentage point price reduction, it required 4% to 5% increase in volume to offset that price reduction, from an EPS standpoint, that's earnings per share or earnings after-tax. So with that said, you're doing more volume at a lower price, so therefore your margin suffers. It might take twice that much more volume to keep the margin where your margins are, and that's just for a mere 1% reduction. I remember distinctly some competitors back in the days chopping prices 15% to as much as 30%. If you go back and look the history, remember what happened to the operating ratios of some of the players in our industry, and look at where they are today, and frankly they haven't got it back. It requires a tremendous investment in this business, and strong margins to afford to play, and to afford to provide the best service. And I just hope that we don't get into some kind of bad pricing environment, but as we have stated here today, we still believe the market is relatively stable and things are good in the pricing environment.
David Congdon: No, that happen has always happened from time to time, from place to place, especially so where a competitor is not doing business with a particular account, and they don't understand the cost of that account, they don't understand what the freight is all about, and they just go in and put in a price to try to get the business, and than they later discover, whoops, the price was too low, and now we need to raise the price up, and that's when the customers turn around and come back to us for our strong service product.
David Congdon: We pretty much reached peak staffing by the end of September. And historically, you see a little fall-off in October per day, and it comes back up a little bit in November, and then it falls off a certain amount in December. And we held the line on hiring any more people during this fall season, and actually had a little bit of attrition going in all the way into December, maybe from the level we were at in September. Not much, but we manage our labor day-in and day-out and by the hour. And our productivity in the fourth quarter, in terms of shipments per hour, we're still very strong. So I don't think we were squeezed too bad on the labor, because we had too many people.
David Congdon: Honestly, I'm not sure we saw that trend that you're referring to. Our relationships with 3PLs are on a individual, account by account basis, within 3PLs the stable of customers. And we price each account accordingly, and we just didn't see and I don't think we've seen any trend anywhere, resembling what you just referred to.
David Congdon: About 40% of our freight is industrial, and embedded in that piece are industrial customers that are tied with the energy industry. So that's probably where we're seeing some of the business softness.
David Congdon: So historically, when LTL weight per shipment goes down, it has been tied to an economic -- the economy is slowing down. When the economy picks back up, the weight per shipment, the orders that people order get larger. So I do believe part of the weight per shipment decline is due to the soft patch we're in, in the economy. So therefore, if we get some economic improvement, you would think the weight per shipment would come back up and those headwinds that I have mentioned would turn around and be a positive benefit for us.
David Congdon: I'm not sure we've ever seen a correlation between market share gains and what kind of a pricing we can get. We're winning market share by winning new customers on board, and by winning additional lanes, and states, and shipping locations, and so forth, from existing customers. And the pricing or program that we have is individual to each customer. And kind of when you look at revenue per hundredweight, it's all the result of looking at the whole operating ratio of an account. And it's hard to say, you could gain new short-haul lanes from a customer, and the revenue per hundredweight be less than your average, and you can drag down your revenue per hundredweight. And it looks bad from a pricing standpoint, the way that the industry, the way you all look at pricing, and hell, we might be operating the count at a 75 or 80, on that lower revenue per hundredweight. So it's all about pricing to the operating ratio of each individual account. And the revenue per hundredweight is merely a result of that type of approach to pricing.
Adam Satterfield: Scott, we're anticipating incremental margins in the 20% range next year, plus or minus, given the environment. In the fourth quarter, as I mentioned, we did have a higher fringe benefit expense rate. That impacted our OR by about 70 basis points, if you compare the rate of fringes as a percent of payroll and salaries and wages. And so that definitely had an impact on the quarter. If we had used the year-to-date rate, it definitely would have been better. Although, with that said, it was a cost that we incurred in the period and we don't do adjusted numbers.
Adam Satterfield: The revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel, was up about 4.5% in January. If you think about the step down, if you are comparing to November and December, we are now lapping the GRI that went into effect in January of 2015.
Adam Satterfield: The headcount was up 9%. Keep in mind, we're still anticipating growth this year. In January, our shipments per day are trending up over 6%. So we're still positive on our long-term opportunities. We're anticipating growth and we're continuing to invest in our people and making investments in capacity as well, that we think are necessary for our long-term success.
Adam Satterfield: We think that we've got market share opportunities and we've long outperformed when you just look at GDP or industrial production-type numbers, and it gets back to the quality of service that we provide at a fair price, and we still think that's a winning formula and that's what we continue to execute on. So with that, and assuming a rational pricing within the industry, we think that's a winning formula for us and what we're going to stick to.
Adam Satterfield: Where we're trending right now is pretty consistent. It seems like it stabilized in the fourth quarter compared to where we were in the third quarter of '15. And it seems like this weight per shipment now is trending somewhere around that 15.40 to 15.50 range. And so once you get back into the back half of 2015 on a comparative basis, then it will be a little more normalized.
Adam Satterfield: On a year-over-year basis, December was up. The tonnage per day was only up 1.1% and it felt a little softer. And I think when you look through some of the ISM numbers and things like that, that's definitely a tough economy and so forth. But again it gets back to, we think that we've got a good opportunity for this coming year. We see new account wins every day that are presented by our sales team. We're getting additional business from many of our 3PL customers every day, and a lot of it comes back to the quality of service that we're providing. Now, there are many times where we might lose an account on price. And then not long after, we'll get reports about that whoever the competitor X was, was just not providing the level of service, whether it be the on-time service from a pickup standpoint, meeting appointment delivery times or just the damages issue, in many cases we'll get that back. So I think that we're going to continue to execute on what we've done and we think we've got good trends ahead, if we can continue to deliver this premium level of service at a fair price.
Adam Satterfield: On a lot of that decrease though, as David mentioned, has shifted into salaries, wages and benefits, where we're using our own employees, particularly on the drayage side.
Adam Satterfield: We'll continue to evaluate those and discuss with our Board at the appropriate time, but we feel like shareholder returns have been a good way, and will continue to be a good way to improve total shareholder returns. But that is in third place in our capital allocation strategy. We're going to continue to invest in the business, number one, which you continue to see. We've got a healthy CapEx program. We'll continue to look at any type of acquisition opportunities that may present themselves, and then some type of shareholder return to again support shares and stockholders.
Adam Satterfield: Yes. Obviously, that was a big driver, the 3.5% wage increase and just the general increase in number of employees. And then part of that was again this flip of where we're doing some of this business with our own employees and equipment, now particularly on the drayage side. With the fringes, we just had some unfavorable experience within group health and with our workers comp in the fourth quarter. And so as a percent of salary and wages, the fringe rate was at 33.8%. It's been trending more in the 32% to 32.5% earlier in the year. So that's not something that we necessarily see, and think will be a trend going forward. It's something obviously that we pay close attention to, but it was somewhat out of line with what we had seen earlier in the year.
Adam Satterfield: I think that again, as David just talked about, on the drayage side, we closed a few locations where business levels just were not up to our expectations. We're continuing to focus on the existing locations that we're serving. We're trying to improve the level of service that we're giving in that market, and trying to differentiate ourselves against others that are serving. And so we're going to continue to look at that. We think that our value-added services are good for our business. They add value to our customer base, and we think we can do well with them, so we'll continue to support them. And on a same-store basis, we're continuing to see growth, but we'll have a little headwind there. And then the international freight forwarding, we're just not doing that business direct anymore, and starting in the fourth quarter of last year. But we think overall, we're going to continue to support the services that remain, and look to continue to enhance those.
Adam Satterfield: From a pounds per hour standpoint, it's continued to be pressured, just by the decrease in the weight per shipment. On the dock, our shipments per hour were actually up 5% in the fourth quarter on a quarter-over-quarter basis. The pounds per hour though was actually up 0.6%. Looking in P&D, our P&D shipments per hour were up about 0.5%. Our load average in line haul was down about 2.5%, and again, that gets into the detail that David was speaking of, with the weight per shipment being down, and how that can impact your line haul operations.
Adam Satterfield: Probably less than 5%. We try to be more strategic and have it on a relationship basis and the business that we do with our third-party logistics partners is more strategic in nature, and we try to avoid the transactional type of business, so we're forming long-term relationships with people that we can continue to drive growth with.
Adam Satterfield: The year-over-year trends in weight per day were, it was plus 4.4% in October, plus 3.1% in November, and plus 1.1% in December. And those are all year-over-year.
Adam Satterfield: No. That's just what we're thinking about that we think we can achieve this year, and obviously that can go up or down depending on all the variables that go into it. But I think we're just trying to be a little bit more targeted, with what we think, and we've achieved rates greater than 20% in the past. And we feel good about what our opportunities are for this coming year.
Adam Satterfield: 2016 is 64 the first quarter, which is one extra day compared to 63 in the first quarter of '15. For the second quarter, 64 in the third quarter, 62 in the fourth quarter. And that compares to 63 in the fourth quarter of '15. I don't have 17 in front of me by quarter.
Adam Satterfield: I'm not sure if I understood your question correctly, but we don't try to go into a new account by means of pricing, whereas we try to put a lowball offer in, and then anticipate we can get our pricing up later So we try to treat any new account just like an existing account, and go through our costing process to ensure that each account is contributing to the overall operating ratio.
Adam Satterfield: We just gave the 3.5% wage increase September 1. So obviously that will be in inflationary factor, as we go through next year. But we've long maintained that a key to our success has been taking care of our employees. Our employees are what drives the results of the company, that's given this best-in-class service 99% on time, cargo claims at 0.3%. So that is something that is near and dear to our hearts, and we believe strongly in. So we will always look at, and historically have said, so goes the success of the company, so goes our employees' success as well. So that's something we look at and evaluate every year. Typically it's something that goes into effect on September 1.
