Adam Satterfield: Thank you, David and good morning. Old Dominion’s revenue was $755.4 million for the second quarter of 2016, a 0.9% decrease from last year. Our operating ratio was 82.3% which was an 80-basis point increase over the same quarter of 2015. Earnings per diluted share were $0.98 which was a 2% decrease from the $1 earned in the second quarter of last year. Revenue for the second continued to be impacted by a decline in fuel surcharges as well as a $9.7 million decrease in non-LTL revenue. Our LTL revenue benefited from an increase in yield that was partially offset by a decrease in LTL tons. I don’t see our revenue per 100 weight increase 0.8% for the quarter and increase 2.7% when excluding fuel surcharges While we noted an increase in price competition during our first quarter call, we did not see as many of those issues in the second quarter. And we continue to characterize the pricing environment as relatively stable. We expect that our contractual renewals will continue to increase at rates between 3% to 4%, although reported fields may differ from this range. As David mentioned, we do not intend to make any changes to our pricing philosophy. LTL tons decreased 0.3% as compared to the second quarter of 2015 which included a 1% decrease in weight per shipment, partially offset by 0.6% increase in LTL shipment. For July, on a year-over-basis, our month-to-date tell-tail tons per day decreased 1.5% as compared to July of 2015. On a sequential basis, LTL tons per day for the second quarter increased 5.3% as compared to the first quarter of 2016. While this was lower than our 10-year average sequential trend which is an 8.5% increase, we’re encouraged by the sequential increases in tons per-day for May and June that were pretty much in-line with averages for years one Good Friday was in the first quarter. In addition, the sequential trend for July is in line with our 10-year average which is 2.4% decrease and LTL tons per day as compared to June. Our operating ratio for the second quarter of 2016 increased 80 basis points as compared to the last quarter of last year. The decline in revenue generally had a de-leveraging impact on all, of our expense item. However the 90-basis point increase in depreciation and amortizing costs was also a result of the long-term investment we have made in real-estate, equipment and information technology. Our overhead costs were generally higher as a percent of revenue. Our direct operating cost such as salaries, wages, benefit, operating supplies and expenses and purchase transportation improved slightly as a percentage of revenue on an aggregate basis. Year-over-year increase in salaries, wages and benefits for the second quarter was primarily due to a 2.2% increase in the average number of full-time employees and general wage inflation. Our fringe benefit costs were 31.9% of salaries and wages as compared to 35.1% in the second quarter of 2015. Fringe benefit cost in the second quarter benefited from a reduction and expense for retirement plans and were lower as a percent of salaries and wages than the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. I don’t expect for this trend to continue however and believe that benefit cost will trend higher again in the second half of the year. Old Dominion’s cash flow from operations totaled $123.8 million for the second quarter and $292.2 million for the first half of 2016. Capital expenditures were $175.2 million for the quarter and $295.5 million for the first six months of 2016 which is approximately 75% of $405 million estimate for the year. We repurchased $40 million of common stock during the second quarter and $84.7 million in the first half of 2016 which left us with $245.6 million available for purchase under our new $250 million repurchase program. We completed the previously authorized $200 million repurchase program in June which was approximately five months prior to its scheduled expiration. Effective tax rate for the second quarter and first half of 2016 was 38.4% compared to 38.6% for the second quarter and first half of 2015. This concludes our prepared remarks this morning. Operator, we’ll be happy to open the floor for questions at this time. We are in different locations today, so please forgive us if we talk over each other a bit.
Adam Satterfield: The tons per day for June on a year-over-year basis were down 0.3% and our shipments in June were basically flat, again, on a year-over-year basis. And then the revenue per 100-weight excluding the fuel, it did trend below 3%. When you look sequentially though, the absolute number for the revenue per 100-weight ex-fuel is 16.6 in the second quarter, and our weight for shipment was 15.59. If you look at the first quarter, our rate per shipment was 15.45 and revenue per 100 weight x-field was 1654. So, sequentially our weight per shipment has increased, yet our revenue per 100-weight has actually increases slightly as well. Some of what’s going on with the comparison is last year, the weight per shipment was decreasing, now on a sequential basis, now we’ve got it increasing so there is some different actors going different ways, that’s’ going to impact that overall comparison. And that continued into the back half of last year and. And we’re seeing weight per shipment continuing to hold pretty steady in terms of moving enough right now. But we still feel good about the pricing environment we’re still getting contractual renewals at the same rate that we were earlier in the year and feel pretty good about the environment.
Adam Satterfield: We said in the first quarter call that really it was selective some of the actions that we had seen that nothing was broad based. And I think carriers go through their own assessments for business they need, and different lanes and so forth. And we felt like some of the pricing actions on a few customers and a few places, didn’t necessarily make sense to us. But overall we had characterized the environment as stable then. And we continue to characterize, it’s stable today. So, I think there is always spotting issues regardless of the environment and nothing that’s just what we were seeing in the first quarter.
Adam Satterfield: The comparison for July is probably little tougher last year. On a sequential basis, we were down 1.2%. And I mentioned the 10-year average is down 2.4%, July compared to June. So, I think that we still feel good about our sequential trends being in-line. This is basically three months in a row we talked about April in last quarter’s call. But May and June and the way July is trending, we’re encouraged by that as well as some of the positive economic data that’s come out recently, it’s not necessarily strong. But at least it has been positive. And we feel good about the fact that we’ve got three months now that’s back on trend and we’d like to see that continue.
Adam Satterfield: Some of that though, again, if you look into last year, we had an unusual phenomenon going on with weight per shipment as that was trending down. I’d say trends were 14 or weight per shipment picked up last year, it ticked down. I’m looking at it more on a sequential basis. So, right now at this end, good stability and our revenue per 100-weight, a revenue per shipment continues to sort of trend in-line with where we would expect. And you’re not seeing any sequential deterioration in that. And so, talking to our pricing department, they’re continuing to see the same types of contractual renewals that we have been seeing. And we feel like again, as we characterize it, the overall pricing environment continues to be stable.
Adam Satterfield: I mean, it’s very similar. But yes, revenue for 100-weight ex-fuel ticked up a little bit as compared to the absolute number that was in the first quarter, just active weight per shipment moved up which would in theory put negative pressure on that revenue per 100-weight number.
Adam Satterfield: Mix changes every day, depending on what we’re picking up and what customers are coming in or what customers are going out. And so, we’ve talked about, we’ve had in the first quarter call little bit of customer churn. But we’re replacing the customers that we lost some of them maybe coming back to us and we’re bringing in new business. And that’s supporting the sequential trends that we started since May. So, I mean, all of that goes into play. And we often talk about the fact that revenue per 100-weight is a yield metric and not core pricing. And so there were times when revenue per 100-weight will be lower like it was in second quarter than what we’re seeing in our contractual renewals are holding. And there were times when it’s been higher. So you can’t always reconcile those two numbers. But we still feel good about the pricing environment and our own ability to get necessary price increases to support our continued investments here at the company.
Adam Satterfield: No. The revenue per 100-weight is what it is and our mix is what it is. And it’s just, main thing is we manage to the operating ratio of each and every account. And yes, we’ve got targeted warrants and we’re signing that, we can manage to that and environment is stable. This revenue per 100-weight what is done sequentially, or what it does year-over-year is clearly an end-result of yield management process. And again, different customers give us different lanes and different consistencies of freight, different pounds per cubic foot. And that’s the moving target all the time. So, you just can’t focus on that and tell good or bad pricing environment based on year-over-year or sequential trends and the revenue dried away.
Adam Satterfield: Yes, we definitely need the revenue to catch back up. And we will, for one thing we’ve about purchased all of our revenue equipment the first half of the year which was on a little bit of an accelerated basis from prior periods. That’s usually what contributes most as depreciation for the year. And there will still be some continued up-tick as it wasn’t fully complete. But then you’ve got the ongoing investments in IT and the real-estate which doesn’t have as much of an impact on the short term on your depreciation line. But we probably bought more equipment this year than perhaps what we needed based on where our growth is. And so we continue to look at that. And as we start making preparations for next year, we’ll weigh what the size of the fleet is, what our replacement needs are and what our growth may be. But we certainly would like for the top-line to catch up with where we are.
Adam Satterfield: I didn’t give that number yet, right now we’re trending, it’s trending up about 2%. That’s the comments that we had made before that but on an absolute basis it’s riding on with where we have been. But we’ll continue to see that number potentially differ from that 3% to 4% target range that we have on true underlying pricing as compared to yield.
Adam Satterfield: Yes, well, there is always a difference between price versus yield. But yes, the weight per shipment trend definitely impacts that.
Adam Satterfield: Right now our weight per shipment continues to trend, yes, we’ve been saying since the back half of last year around 1,550 pounds. And that’s basically where it continues. It was 1,559 in the second quarter. And that was up a little bit from the first quarter of 1,545 but it’s somewhere around 1,550 plus or minus 10 pounds is what we’ve been trending this year. But last year, particularly in the first half of the year, it was declining sequentially.
Adam Satterfield: Right now, about, we’ve got I would say a little e-commerce, true e-commerce freight and we don’t have any last mile. I mean, we do some residential deliveries but about 15% of our revenue overall is retail. And we would focus more on freight is going into distribution centers then we would going into some residential area. But I think the long-term trends and we’ve talked about this before is that, as the e-commerce, as that environment changes, I think it can ultimately drive more freight into the LTL industry. And I think that having the amount of capacity that we do and the continued investments and capacity that we would be benefactors of that.
Adam Satterfield: Yes, we continued the work on that as a big project. I wouldn’t say that we’re half way through. But that’s not going to be a big bang theory kind of deal order we flip the switch and things alive. It’s coming on in multiple pieces. And I think we’re making progress at a pace that we have established. And there are certain applications that are being switched and turned on live from an old green screen there as application to the new world of Java and user interface screens that we’ve got. So, things seem to be progressing but that’s a long-term deal as we convert all of our systems, most of which are home-grown into this new programming format. But we’re taking the time to do it in a way to enhance the processing capabilities and overall efficiency that we hope will drive long-term productivity for us and give us a further differentiated advantage in the marketplace.
Adam Satterfield: Yes, I’d say it’s tracking on plan. It’s just, it’s a big project. Some things are going to go better than expect, some things not as good as expected. And we just continue to work through it every day. And it’s a big coordinated effort from a lot of people involved. And we’ll continue to work at it. That’s just one of these things though that it comes at a short-term cost. And when you’re going into it, if revenue softens, that we got to stay committed to it. Because again we think it gives us long-term strategic advantage. And we’re continuing to do that. So, it’s higher overhead in the short-run but long-term we think it’s going to be beneficial for us.
Adam Satterfield: Yes. I mean, the benefit costs are what they are and there is a lot of different things that they go into. The past couple of quarters I’ve talked about it initially in the fourth quarter of last year that our cost had ticked up as a percent of salaries and wages. So to add a line with what the previous quarters had been. So it had ticked up sort of 33% to 34%, as a percent of salaries and wages in the fourth quarter of ‘15 and first quarter of ‘16. It was 31.9% and an element of that is retirement plan benefit cost that is linked share price. And that share price decline we got a little bit of more benefit but there is a lot of moving parts and pieces. I would just expect that we continue to see higher group health benefit cost. And our pay time-off benefits are continuing to be higher as well. So we’re not necessarily giving a hard fast number but I would just expect it to be higher than that 31.9% that we saw this most recent quarter.
Adam Satterfield: We continue to look at that. And obviously we won’t optimize our balance sheet. We finished our $200 million repurchase program early and marched into an up-sized $250 million deal. I think the last few quarters, the last 12 months I guess we have purchased close to $150 million. Our capital allocation strategy is one to invest and LTL, we think that’s where the best returns have been. We’ve said that we’ll continue to look. Secondly, M&A opportunities, and we haven’t had one since 2008 because they’re just the ones that we look at haven’t made sense for us. And then we’ll look at returning capital to shareholders. So, I think that in absence of the right M&A opportunity, we’ve increased that pace of repurchasing. But we continue to look at ways that we can make strategic investments in the company as well and we want to maintain some dry powder. But our debt-to-cap did move up to 11% at the end of the quarter from where it had been in lower single-digit.
Adam Satterfield: On a 10-year average basis, third quarter’s weight per day is generally up 2%. So, if things continue to move in August and September according to normal sequential trend, that’s the number that you would get.
Adam Satterfield: Yes, the year-over-year is again, last year, we’re looking at it, I think that we were a little bit stronger sequentially than just slightly than sort of the long-term average. But we’ll just have to wait and see, I guess we’re not ready to give a range on what we think that our total tons for the quarter would be. But again, we’re looking at it. I guess now we’re trying to look more as getting back on to a consistent sequential type of change with our volumes knowing that we’ve mentioned it before, we’ve started out some business. And we’ll continue to look at that that main impact as we were growing in the last year some of the year-over-year trends.
Adam Satterfield: Well, we haven’t talked about. Typically it happens the 1 September. And last year we gave about 3.5% wage increase. And we haven’t announced that to our anything to our employees at this point. But based on current trends we would expect that there would be a wage increase this year. We’re just not ready to talk about the amount.
Adam Satterfield: We’re not really ready to give any guidance on where our OR is going to be for the third quarter at this point. But we’ll still continue to have some headwinds on the top-line basis as we go into the back half of the year. We knew the first half of the year was going to be more challenging than the back. The third quarter will continue to, the fuel should moderate if prices stay where they are on that comparison. But a non-LTL or really it was - it was more so the fourth quarter. Those services were fully out of our number. So we still had close to or just call it $19 million of non-LTL revenue in the third quarter of last year. And while we gave that number in the first quarter, it was about $13 million and that about was what it was in the second quarter as well. So, if that continues to trend we still have that headwind there.
Adam Satterfield: It’s going to vary every year based on the investments that we’re making, what the contribution to expense or depreciation is going to be, what our CapEx size is and so forth. But obviously we need more growth to start with at this point.
Adam Satterfield: I mean, as we went through the second quarter, our weight per day was up 0.6% in April versus March. The 10-year average was up 0.3% but remember this is, and into the last quarter where I have talked about it, but with the Good Friday in the first quarter, these are thrown off. And we would have expected that number to beef up more. Weight per day in May was up 2.1% versus the 4.7% average and it was up 2.4% in June versus the 2.3% average. And shipments were more in line and we talked about that when we put our mid-quarter update, shipments per day in May was up 2%. And when you just look at years when Good Friday was in the first quarter, the average is 1.4% for us. So we felt good about the way May’s revenue built. From start to finish we saw a similar trend in June. And July pretty much has been very similar as well. And so, things are still a little bit better and perhaps what we are seeing though is once ISM turned back and stayed above 50, pretty much consistently in March forward that maybe supportive of these trends.
Adam Satterfield: That’s it. I’ll add that the decrease in second quarter was $9.7 million, not the $6 million that was mentioned.
Adam Satterfield: No, and we don’t necessarily break that down Taylor. But I would say that the investments that we’re making are generally more and expanding in existing locations. The fact that we’ve only added one facility this year, it’s primarily been expanding the existing locations in their dollar amount. But we may add a couple of more facilities this year.
Adam Satterfield: We haven’t heard anything like that. Bids for us, it’s not any kind of seasonal thing. They come in on a fairly regular basis throughout the year. And this is something that constant communication that you have with our customer base and between our pricing department and our sales department as well.
Adam Satterfield: Yes, I mean, obviously that’s going to vary as we grow and get bigger and we may find that we need spin-off locations. But right now I think that we’ve got another 35 to 40 facilities when we think long-term we may grow to. And there is probably going to be some ebb and flow there as we continue to make our way and achieve our long-term growth objectives. But right now I add to that, probably the capacity in the system that we have is somewhere in the ballpark of 25% plus or minus.
Adam Satterfield: Jason, our pricing philosophy is that we target the increases that we need on a fairly consistent basis to just be in line with what our cost inflation is. And so I think that there have been periods where maybe the industry is going up more, it’s based on capacity or they may be cutting rates from an environment that’s - capacity has flipped. And their needing to get that volume. And I think our customers like our consistent approach. And we’ve had good success with them.
Adam Satterfield: Yes, it varies. We obviously continue to look Jason and try to figure out what we think would maintain this long-term for us. And we’re doing a couple of different things here as it is. I mean, LTL is really the growth engine of the company. And first and foremost, we’ve only got 8% to 9% market share. So we’re going to continue to focus on this long runway of growth that we have within LTL. There are other services that are complimentary, those other non-LTL services that we have today are the dredge which we’ve changed our business model and we’re trying to focus and be able to capture coming growth and maybe changes in capacity within that marketplace. We’ve got the truckload brokerage operation we can continue to enhance that offering. Really we’re going to focus on things that are complementary to our LTL business. And maybe a service that when we’re making sales calls on a decision maker at our existing customers, that we can leverage those relationships.
Adam Satterfield: Yes, I mean, some of those things and changes that were made is just as it always, we’re looking at what our costs are doing. And the industry change, fuel surcharge, rate early in ‘15. And we had just gone through a GRI and felt like that it wasn’t the right thing to do to sit across our customer and say that fuel is going down but we need a rate increase. And so, we’ve worked through that but the fuel surcharge has just become a variable component of pricing. And like David mentioned, earlier in the call, is that we’ve got target ORs for our customers and we’re managing base rates. And any type of auctorial charge based on what the cost of handling that customer’s business is. And so, that’s been a consistent approach that we’ve had. We try to put in spare price in programs that’s beneficial for both parties involved and continue to support the growth of our company.
Adam Satterfield: Yes, that’s been pretty small in terms of acceptance. But we went through that process of identifying it and working through it because there were some customers that wanted to switch and not have that fluctuation in variance with our fuel and have to update their systems every week as the DOE price is changing.  So it’s been responded to by some customers that really were asking for it. But we didn’t really anticipate that that would become widespread in the most adopted tariff option that we have. Because we’ve got multiple tariff options. But our 559, the most traditional one continues to be what most of that business moves on.
David Congdon: I’ll say absolute headcount should remain relatively flat. And yes, aside from attrition that we may have - but we’re looking, if we have some attrition in our headcount just for normal reasons, we’ll look real strong whether we need to replace positions or not. But I would think absolutely headcount will remain relatively flat now. We’re properly staffed to do the amount of work that we’re doing now. I guess a lot of it will depend upon how the economy shakes out, coming out of July and into the third quarter peak season.
David Congdon: It’s hard to say that Matt. It’s really, all depends on those decisions are made on the service center by service center basis. Historically coming into the third quarter, yes, July has been a pretty decent month for us last several years. But August it builds and September builds to a larger amount. We’re using hiring some people for peak season in September about now but we don’t necessarily gauge at it. Also we’re up 5% so we’re going to add x number of people. It’s just stuff that we have to gauge based on the workload, hitting our service centers and how many hours per week people are working to determine if we need this more people on payroll.
David Congdon: I wouldn’t say for the whole second half. Maybe I misspoke a few minutes ago to say head count was big, fly that out. I believe from an overhead standpoint and management salaries and fixed salary standpoint, our headcount should be relatively flat. From dock workers and drivers’ standpoint, I would anticipate that we will grow headcount a little bit going into the fall. But we’re going to watch it because this economy just remains soft and we don’t want to go overboard with too much headcount. But we got to stay ahead of it too because it takes a good couple of months to train somebody to our methods of moving freight in our network. So, we got, it’s just a very careful balance.
David Congdon: Yes. We focus on the productivity day-in and day-out and actually hourly. And we’re always working on improving efficiency. I think the points I tried to make that the, on the last call is that if you’re dealing with a shipment of ways, 1,500 pounds and moving it across the dock. And now your weight per shipment is I would say 1,300 pounds and it’s still three skids a freight but they’re just little bit shorter or little bit less weighed on the pallets. It takes the same amount of time to move it across the dock. And so the lower weight per shipment was impacting some of those freights handling metrics negatively. And now the things have leveled out. It’s maybe less of an impact.
David Congdon: Yes, you can look at any, with 226 service centers there is always some service centers where productivity is not where it ought to be. And we’re working to refine that and working towards improving productivity. Then, other centers might be kind of peaked out in their productivity because you just can’t move a forklift in the pasture across the dock or load trailers any shack. But again it’s something we’re continually looking at that our productivity and weakness in productivity and any particular turmoil or any particular shift within service center or any particular individuals that are working on a ship, we’re continuing addressing our productivity and striving for improvement.
David Congdon: That’s a good question. Obviously we don’t have an answer why there is disconnect with the ISM data. ISM has improved a little bit but we just haven’t seen it come through yet in terms of LTL tonnage. But why, is, I’m not in Congress I have no earthly idea.
David Congdon: Subscribed areas, they lag with the ISM data and perhaps three months sounds good to me. We had seen some improvement in our sequential trends in the last couple of months. And the logistics of that because I don’t see it, the old better, the daily tonnage, the daily shipments that we’re seeing feel better every day when we kind of look at how much business we get each day. And so, but Adam, touch on the overall sequential trends we’re doing recently.
David Congdon: Well, acquiring land and building a freight service center has been a problem, a difficult endeavor for the last 30 years that I could remember. So, and I believe it always will be unfortunately enjoys to close on their back, the foods that they eat, they just don’t want to see the truck bring the products in. But so, our cost per door on construction has definitely risen, of various environmental concerns, neighborhood concerns, landscaping, storm-water run-off, all those kinds of things have caused a cost for a door to rise. As far as the acquisition of used facilities, one of the issues we face today is, most of the facilities that are out there on the market are just not big enough for us. And if we’re lucky enough to find one that has some additional land then we can run them and add doors. We found that to be the case from time to time. So, it’s - real estate is always a challenge. And historically we talk about real estate budget but historically we’re going usually spend what we say we’re going to spend. And year-to-year because of the time delays and acquiring land and getting through the permitting processes and so forth.
