Earl E. Congdon: Good morning. Thanks for joining us today for our second quarter conference call. With me is: David Congdon, Old Dominion's President and CEO; and Wes Frye, the company's CFO. After some brief remarks, we'll be glad to take your questions. Old Dominion's performance for the second quarter was strong, especially against a somewhat tepid economic environment. We again produced solid tonnage growth and a yield to drive a 140 basis point improvement in our year-over-year operating ratio, which is the best we have ever achieved. As a result, our earnings per diluted share increased over 20% for the quarter on an 8% increase in revenue as compared to the same period last year. We expect that our performance will again be best-in-class among our LTL peers, as well as many other transportation sector performance averages. We also believe our tonnage growth suggests a steady gain in market share. We believe our position as the industry's service leader was strengthened during the second quarter as we maintained a 99% on-time delivery percentage and produced our best cargo claims ratio ever at 0.31%. By maintaining and enhancing our service metrics at such high levels, we have clearly reset our customers' expectations and established higher benchmarks within the sector. With our ongoing significant investment in equipment and technology, and in preparing our employees to optimize that investment, we expect to further differentiate ourselves from our industry peers through continued improvement in service performance. While change remains a constant in our industry, driven by innovation and technology, we believe our proven business model positions us well to continue gaining market share as we move forward. We believe we have the resources, the discipline, the focused innovation, and most importantly, a talented and dedicated team of employees throughout our company to continue to execute our strategic initiatives. We thank you for your interest in Old Dominion, and now here's David Congdon to discuss our second quarter operations in more detail.
Earl E. Congdon: Yes. We actually peaked at our average age of our tractors back in '08 and '09, and even in '10 as we were delaying some replacements due to the economic environment. And then we had, as you recall, our CapEx for equipment in 2012 was about $210 million, and part of that was getting back to what we thought was a better replacement cycle, and we continue to do that this year, such that at the end of 2012, our average tractor fleet reduced about 4.2 years. And now it's running about 4 years, which I think is getting close to more of an optimum replacement cycle.
Earl E. Congdon: Obviously, we're earning. At an 83.5% ratio overall, they would have to be a pretty compensatory as well, and the growth there has been strong in double-digit. We don't -- we're not giving specific guidance on that growth at this time, but it's been good growth in all those added value services.
Earl E. Congdon: Well, to some extent, I'd say the our marketing strategies are proprietary and confidential. And so what you're seeing out there is what everyone is seeing. So I'd really rather not discuss it much, but I would say that it is integral to our overall long-range strategic plans.
Earl E. Congdon: We certified that 15% to 20% in terms of long run in the long term, certainly haven't had incremental margins that had exceeded that over the last few quarters. And that could be the case in the short term. But again, that depends on pricing, economic density added, and all those other variables. But that's just a long-term guidance that we give. And I had stated before, some of this incremental margin is mathematical, and how much of your increase is due to pricing, how much is -- what's the level of your increase, all those things mathematically affect it. If our growth would've been double-digit in the second quarter as opposed to 8%, that incremental margin would've been a lot lower. So you just kind of play all that, and not take it literally, necessarily, depends on a lot of conditions of how you got to look at that. But we still give that number, because as David mentioned, we still believe that we can improve margins. And obviously, to improve margins, your revenue growth has to have an incremental margin that's better than what your existing one is. And that's all we're really saying, is we still think we have the potential to continue improving our margins.
Earl E. Congdon: Obviously, if all of your increased in revenue was all due to pricing, your incremental margins would be really good.
Earl E. Congdon: The answer to your last question is no. I mean, we are -- we've been working with third-party logistics and brokers for a number of years. And I think I fashioned a reasonable and profitable process to do that. So we don't see any real problems of continuing to work with those. Given that we understand that we still want to price their customer base, based on the profitability that we need from each of their customers, and so we'll continue to do that. I think they make up about 25% of our base at this point. And if that grows, it will be grown as a result of us -- of them wanting a best-in-class carrier for their customers, and we based upon a reasonable and profitable pricing for us.
Earl E. Congdon: It'd have been lower. I don't know. Just off the top of my head, but I would say 15% to 20%. Obviously, years ago, starting from 0.
Earl E. Congdon: Yes, we have a service into Mexico for at least a dozen years. And that's a lane that's growing for us, but it's not a very big one, but we're doing okay in there. We haven't really seen a big -- any major changes, though, on -- as it relates to more production taking place in Mexico.
Earl E. Congdon: I can't say there are due when we look at our growth geographically by region, it's pretty healthy across the region. Obviously, the percentage will be different as the maturity of different regions are at different levels, but still, we're seeing pretty good growth across all regions.
Earl E. Congdon: Well, David, I think that the segments of the transportation industry are going to -- will be here forever. You're always going to have parcel. I think you're always going to have LTL, you're going to always have full truckload. To the extent, over the years, there's been some mobile shift that occurs all the time. I think the parcel carriers have upped the weight limits that they handle shipments. Some of the truckload carriers try to pick off on the higher-weighted LTL shipments and then put together multi-stop truckloads. And over time, those shifts occur. But I'd say that's something natural that's been occurring and will continue to occur, but not everyone can buy a full truckload of product, so they're going to buy in LTL quantities. And then as you're seeing the proliferation of more people buying things over the Internet, you might see an increase in personal traffic. But everywhere that people order this stuff online from distribution warehouses, those warehouses are receiving LTL inbound, they're receiving truckload inbound, I mean, there will be a shift, but there will clearly be an LTL marketplace out there for us for the future, as we see it.
Earl E. Congdon: I think you may see it more the other way, as some of these CSA rules and hours of work rules become effective. And it'll be the truckload carriers that will get pinched more than LTL but you might see some of that divergence the other way, that you might see what would be normally truckload shipments being split up into LTL shipments to get it moved because of lack of capacity in the truckload sector.
Earl E. Congdon: Well fellas, as always, we thank you for your participation today, and we appreciate those great questions and your support of Old Dominion. Please give us a call if you have any further questions and have a great day. Goodbye.
David S. Congdon: Thank you, Earl, and good morning. Our second quarter results and especially our company record 83.5% operating ratio are further validation of our disciplined focus on density, yield and efficiency. Earl has already mentioned our solid tonnage growth and yield performance for the quarter, which are key drivers for improved margins. With tonnage per day increasing 5.6% for the quarter and revenue per hundredweight excluding fuel surcharge increasing 3%, we exceeded both our expectations for the quarter and the growth rates for these metrics in the first quarter of 2013. Due to our capital-intensive infrastructure, improved yield and density increases our inherent operating leverage. In addition to the benefits of higher operating leverage, our primary measures of productivity also improved for the second quarter, with the exception of a slight decline in line-haul laden load average. Beyond these metrics, we worked to improve efficiency throughout the company in numerous ways, such as our investment in new tractors that contributed to our 20 basis point reduction in our maintenance cost and our sustainable fuel initiatives, which reduced our fuel expenses by 80 basis points. We believe that we are far from exhausting our ability to produce additional operating leverage in our business and to achieve further gains in efficiencies. As a result, we continue to be confident that given increased density and yield in a stable operating environment, we should produce incremental margins in the 15% to 20% range over the long term. To achieve increased density and yield, especially in a slow growth economy, we will remain focused on delivering on-time, claim-free customer service at a fair and equitable price. As we have discussed before, the investment required to successfully deliver this added value is primarily funded by having the discipline and knowledge to maintain pricing for superior service at a reasonable level. Through our execution of this value proposition over the years, we have developed an organization with an infrastructure, workforce, capital resources and capabilities that are truly differentiated, as our long-term out-performance of the industry continues to demonstrate. To second Earl's closing remarks, I believe Old Dominion is positioned to achieve substantial and profitable long-term growth as we execute on our strategic opportunities using our proven business model. We made a great start toward this objective through the first half of 2013, and we look forward to updating you on our progress on the third quarter call. Thanks for being with us today, and now I'll turn it over to Wes to review our financial results for the quarter in greater detail.
David S. Congdon: Obviously, we would expect shipments per terminal to sequentially increase over the first quarter, just because of just normal seasonality. And also, I think we saw a little bit improvement overall in the economy on a macro basis in the second quarter compared to the first. So without going to a lot of detail or I'm not sure about your detailed question, that would be the main reasons we saw the increase in the second quarter compared to the first. Much of that is, it would be a normal sequential trend.
David S. Congdon: Yes. I'd say on average, from a service center standpoint, we have in the range of 20% to 25% capacity. And that range is from no capacity at some service centers, which we are in the process of expanding, and much higher capacity, and some others that we've expanded already.
David S. Congdon: Well, I think generally speaking, I would think it's generally discipline, understanding that all of us have to invest capital, and to do that, we have to improve our margins to be able to justify that and get an appropriate return. So obviously, we haven't heard from our -- the public LTL peers. And so we're assuming based upon what we have seen from our own increases, that we are seeing the same discipline from the other carriers. So I think it's just the fact that supply-demand is in somewhat of a balance, economic picture, while not too awfully rosy, is still positive. And that, with the idea that we all have to improve margins to justify significant investments in equipment and infrastructure, are the reasons why -- that we expect the improving pricing to have been here in the second quarter and to continue.
David S. Congdon: Well, I mean, assuming your costs are all relative and remained comparable, one more day will have some minor effect. It wouldn't be material, it will have some minor positive effect, depending on what you do with it.
David S. Congdon: This is David. The driver recruitment has not been a real issue for us. As most of you know, the LTL industry driving job is -- tends to be more attractive than a full truckload driving job, with the drivers being home every night for the pickup and delivery drivers, and 70% of our line-haul drivers are scheduled. So recruiting and retaining drivers is pretty good for us, and we haven't had much trouble finding them. We are still running our driving school as we have since 1988, generating a couple of 300 drivers a year out of that. And also, we just haven't had much trouble with that.
David S. Congdon: Todd, last year, we were right around 3%. We have not announced our pay increases for this year, so we're going to have to defer on that question.
David S. Congdon: That's a lot of questions. Try to answer them. Honestly, we -- for the first time in a long time, we got ahead of ourselves with some of the projects during 2013. And instead of having delays in building projects, we got them done a little early. And it looked like we could accelerate some of the ones that we had on slate for next year. And due to some permitting opportunities and things like that, we decided to pull some forward into this year. That should come out of next year's planned CapEx, which we obviously have not -- we wouldn't be announcing our 2014 CapEx until January, as is customary. But that $35 million acceleration into this year does come out of what we thought -- what we've been thinking we're going to spend next year.
David S. Congdon: Well, as far as the long-term view on it, and we're going to play in the market, that's yet to be determined, but it's certainly something that we have to consider. I don't think that, as -- that we've seen a tremendous change in our business because of the increases in e-commerce over the last few years. I think one thing that -- people want their product quickly, and we've had a proliferation of more and more regional distribution centers. So the regional side of our business, the next day and 2-day freight has been growing. And we've, had positioned ourselves in end markets, regional markets all over the country because of that. So to some extent, we've, I think, enjoyed some of the benefits of e-commerce.
David S. Congdon: Not really. I would say this, our overall cost of our network, our business model, the cost of winning market share is already embedded in the costs that you see, within the 83.5% operating ratio. And we wouldn't see any major or anything out of the ordinary costs that we would have to increase to continue winning market share. It's just pretty much inherent in our business model now.
J. Wes Frye: Thank you, David, and good morning. Old Dominion's revenues for the second quarter increased 8% to $590.2 million from $546.5 million for the second quarter of 2012. As discussed in today's news release, our revenue growth was primarily the result of a 5.6% increase in tonnage per day and a 2.4% increase in revenue per hundredweight. Shipments also increased 5.6% for the quarter, due primarily to the weight per shipment being flat as compared to the second quarter last year. In addition, length of haul was also flat compared to the second quarter of 2012. So with no particular bias from changes in weight per shipment or length of haul for the second quarter, revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharge increased 3% compared to the second quarter last year. We believe our yield improvement is indicative of a stable pricing environment and consistent with our yield management process. Sequentially through the second quarter, tonnage per day increased 1.4% for April versus March, 4.2% for May and 2.1% for June. This trend was better than expected, but in line with the 10-year average sequential month growth of 1.2%, 4.1% and 2.2%, respectively. We expect our year-over-year tonnage per day for July, which is one week left, obviously, to be approximately 6.5%, and remain in the range of 6% to 6.5% for the third quarter. Please note that total tonnage for the quarter will be higher as a percentage due to an additional workday in the third quarter of this year compared to the third quarter of 2012. We expect revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharge, to increase approximately 4.5% for July, and expect revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharge, to increase in the range of 4% to 4.5% for the third quarter. In todays' news release, we noted that we made an immaterial correction related to how we present cost of purchased transportation for certain truckload, brokerage and freight forwarding services, which were previously netted against revenue. And by the way, this is a traditional method for LTL sector to record interline transactions. These costs will now be presented separately in our operating expenses. The result in adjustment increased revenue and increased purchased transportation expense, but had no effect on operating income, net income or earnings per share for any period presented. Our operating ratio improved 140 basis points to 83.5% for the second quarter of 2013 compared to 84.9% for the second quarter last year. Salaries, wages and benefits accounted for 30 basis points of this improvement. Somewhat similar to the first quarter, there was a 30% basis point increase in depreciation and amortization as a percent of revenue for the quarter, mainly due to the increased and replacement purchase of tractors, trailers and other equipment for the year. Much of this increase was again offset by reduced equipment repairs and maintenance cost, partially tied to the reduction in the average age of our tractor fleet, which contributed 20 basis points to the 100 basis points reduction in operating supply and expense as a percent of revenue for the quarter. The majority of the reduction in operating supply and expense margin reflects reduced fuel expense to better fuel efficiency and purchasing methods. We also benefited from a 50 basis point, that's a 40 basis points net when you compare it to the second quarter of '12, but a 50% basis points improvement in net miscellaneous expenses, primarily due to the sale of unused service centers that became available after we relocated to expanded facilities. Capital expenditures for the second quarter was $121.6 million and $147.7 million for the first 6 months of 2013. We have increased our expectations for CapEx, net of sales proceeds for the full year, to a total of approximately $305 million versus $270 million previously related, due to accelerating 5 real estate projects slated for 2014 into this year's CapEx budget. Therefore, the total includes planned expenditures of $130 million for real estate, and that was increased from $95 million, $150 million for equipment and $25 million for technology and other assets. And we expect to fund these expenditures primarily through operating cash flow, as well as our available borrowing capacity, if necessary. Total debt-to-total capitalization improved to 16.9% at the end of the second quarter of 2013 from 17.1% at the end of the first quarter, and at 22.3% at the end of the second quarter of last year, and we expect this ratio to be in the range of 14% to 15% at the end of this year. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2013 was at 38.6% compared to 39.5% for the second quarter of 2012. We continue to expect our effective tax rate for the remaining quarters of 2013 to -- will average 38.6%. And this concludes our prepared remarks this morning. Operator, we'll be happy to open the floor for any questions at this time.
J. Wes Frye: And to the second half of the question, about our capacity, we have been adding capacity as indicative of our CapEx budget for the last 6 or 7 years, and we continue to have adequate capacity in the network for continued profitable growth.
J. Wes Frye: Yes. If you look at each month in the quarter, Chris, it was almost to the 1/10 of a point the same. We had this 5.7% increase in tonnage in April year-over-year, 5.8% in May, and a 5.7% in June. And sequentially, it turned out to be about pretty much on par with the 10-year average on each of those months, as I mentioned in the comments. Originally, we were expecting it not to get there because we were a little bit uncertain about the have -- the economic picture. But still, we would have to conclude that although it was fairly strong for us, it was still only on a 10-year average. Now in July, we're seeing some good growth. As I had mentioned in my comments, we expect tonnage year-over-year to be up about 6.5%. And that's -- in tonnage last year, I'm not sure I have that information up at this point, but tonnage last year, in July was up 8.9%, so it's still a fairly healthy comparison. It's still up another 6.6%. At this point, we still figured that's market share, and we're not certain what the macro is doing, whether we have some acceleration of the seasonal shipments in July and they would temper down, we're not sure how that will play out. But we are seeing a fairly -- we saw a very strong end of June and seeing a pretty strong July at this point.
J. Wes Frye: So I -- we certainly don't have an objective that we must be debt-free. In fact, we hope that we have continued investment opportunities. And we have a strong balance sheet to be able to take on to that. So we'll look at the balance sheet relative to opportunities, and are willing to take on more debt if there's opportunities will provide an adequate return on capital. We also will evaluate, based upon our free cash flow, and our cash flow going forward, if whether we should consider returning some of that to the stockholders, whether it be in the form of a dividend or a stock repurchase, it still remains up for discussion and consideration.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, you will recall, hopefully, last quarter, we talked about some mix changes that were negatively impacted our comparison of revenue per hundredweight year-over-year. And what we were talking about that, it obviously was as at our first quarter conference call in April. And in April, we were having really, quite a negative type implication on a mix change that kind of rode out itself as the quarter progressed, so that the revenue per hundredweight x fuel surcharge in April was only up 1.4% because of this mix. Then that mix started -- that comparison started to disappear somewhat in May, plus that May was up 2.9%. And then it was -- it totally became ineffective from -- and it became comparable in June such that in June, our revenue per hundredweight x fuel surcharge was up 5%. So now we're just seeing the continuation of that. As I mentioned, July, expected to be up in somewhere in the range of 4.5%. So all of those were initiatives of -- and by the way, June also had a reduction in weight per shipment as opposed to April or May, which would have an increasing effect on that revenue per hundredweight. So July, we're just kind of seeing a continuation of June without these mix comparisons. And the other thing is obviously, we -- effective, we had the increase in our GRI effective in early July, which has a positive effect on that as well. So we see that as playing out, and we're assuming that the economy or that the competitive landscape of pricing and discipline that I just discussed on another question plays out and we'll be able to see that revenue per hundredweight x fuel surcharge stay in that range. That's still indicative of the fact that we think the price at the environment for yields is still pretty disciplined out there. We will see that manifest itself over the next few days and weeks, as we see some of the other peers report.
J. Wes Frye: Rob, I'll take a shot at it. Here, we sit with a network that's pretty efficient, obviously. And we're continuing to improve efficiencies in a lot of different areas. So you can couple improved efficiencies with a stable pricing environment and market share gains. We think that we can continue to improve our margins. So we have not peaked out yet. And if the economy flips out in a way or goes bad, things in that formula change. But the way that our network is structured right now, and with a good, diversified mix of customers and good geographic diversity and decent density, but improving density, we think we can continue to improve margins, but we're not giving any guidance on how low the margins can -- or how high those margins can get.
J. Wes Frye: I want to take a shot at this, because revenue per hundredweight honestly, is an end result of a whole lot of things that we do within our yield management processes. And just because we had a change of mix that we're obviously, we had a high revenue per hundredweight last year, we have a lower one in April this year, did not necessarily mean anything with respect to how much money we've made, or what our end result operating ratio was, as you can see from our results that we put up. So we just had some changes and some things that business that we were handling last year, that we just didn't have this year, which was the change in the mix. But as we manage yield, we look at each and every customer on their own merit, and try to arrive at a fair and equitable price that for the services and the value that we're delivering. And so I know we always watch revenue per hundredweight and revenue per hundredweight changes and we call that pricing, but is -- but pricing is more about managing yields on a customer-by-customer basis.
J. Wes Frye: I think we've always kind of looked at a spread of our growth relative to the ATA Trucking Index and also CPI. And at one point, we were probably 1,000 basis points over that, as we were coming out of the downturns. And more recently, we're averaging anywhere from -- in the 500 basis points to 300. And we think that with our business model and our superior service, going forward, that whatever the predictions are with ATA Freight Indexes or GDP or other measurements, we should be able to have a spread in the 300 to 500 basis points above that.
J. Wes Frye: Well, we did quantify in our comments, the fuel efficiency as it relates to our fuel expense. Even in due of the DOT prices being either flat to flattish, that we're able to reduce our fuel expense as a percent of revenue by 80 basis points, which was the major part of our operating supplies and expense improvement of about 100 basis points. So that was fuel efficiency, and also efficiently purchasing fuel in the market. So there's no reason why, that we should -- there's no reason why that should -- that efficiency shouldn't continue into the third quarter. Now all that would be relative to what happens to fuel prices, and of course, we've seen some upticks in the last couple of weeks on that. And we're as unclear on where that will go for all of the third quarter as anyone else. But certainly, how efficiently and how we buy and use fuel should remain in effect through the third quarter and even through the fourth quarter. I think those are definitely sustainable, the gains that we've had there. [indiscernible] I -- we just -- nothing that comes to mind. We did report, as I mentioned in my comments, the gain on sale of real estate. That had a 50 basis points improvement in the quarter. By the way, we have excess terminals continually as we continue to move into larger facilities, and put the existing facilities on the market. So we have fairly routinely gains on sale of real estate. Whether that will be 50 basis points, probably not, in the third quarter, at least, that's our thoughts at this point. So that's something that's happened in the second quarter that likely will not reoccur in the third quarter.
J. Wes Frye: We haven't really seen an uptick on our spot quotes which would kind of be where that would fall into. So I can't say that we've seen any of that convergence to the LTL carriers from truckload on the concerns of that. And we really haven't seen any effect of the change at this point. And don't expect to at least, from our standpoint, since we have -- we are, for the most part, 80% of our runs are scheduled, and already encompass those regulations.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, Tom. I should have already indicated that, but we are working on revising all those numbers so you'll have apples-to-apples comparisons.
J. Wes Frye: Well, obviously we do. But we all are assuming that they are progressing and we're standing still, and I think that we steal opportunities to keep improving our operations. Although as David already mentioned, we're pretty darn efficient. But we don't plan on standing still, so in terms of not only our efficiency, but on our focus on customer service.
