Earl E. Congdon: Good morning. Thanks for joining us today for our first quarter conference call. With me is David Congdon, Old Dominion's President and CEO; and Wes Frye, the company's CFO. After some brief remarks, we'll be glad to take your questions. Old Dominion's operating and financial performance momentum continued for the first quarter of 2013. We produced growth in tons and pricing that tracked our expectations, and drove a 150-basis point improvement in our operating ratio to 87.6%, the best it has ever been for our first quarter. The solid revenue growth and increased operating leverage, our earnings rose just over 30% for the quarter. We produced these results despite an uncertain economic environment, more severe winter weather than the first quarter of 2012, 1 less business day than last year, and Good Friday occurring during the first quarter of this year. We also believe that we gained market share during the first quarter because we continued to deliver on-time claims-free service at a fair and equitable price. We expect that our outstanding and long-term record of service execution will continue to differentiate Old Dominion from our competitors. We intend to sustain our unique value proposition through continuing investment in technology and systems as well as ongoing education and training of our employees. In spite of the weather storms that affected much of that coverage area, we actually improved our on-time percentage to above 99% and decreased our cargo claims ratio to a new company record of 0.34%. The level of execution that enables this kind of superior performance over the long term which, in my opinion, is a one-of-a-kind, is what sets Old Dominion apart in the industry and drives our past and future success. It's an easy value proposition to understand, but it is complex, difficult and expensive to implement and maintain. We recognize the great job our dedicated employees do in providing our customers with this value proposition every day. Thank you again for being with us today. And now here's David Congdon to discuss our first quarter operations in more detail.
Earl E. Congdon: So what we're saying is the economy is really the only potential headwind into this quarter. Otherwise, we don't have any looming cost increases that are headwinds for the company.
Earl E. Congdon: And that would be one element of this mix change we referred to earlier because more regional business brings down revenue per hundredweight. And therefore, that's part of what we're seeing in our guidance for revenue per hundredweight. But it's not being done necessarily intentionally, because we -- as we've stated in the past, we look at each and every customer individually, and we serve all segments of the market, and all freight is good if it's priced right.
Earl E. Congdon: We are continuing to have improvements in our fuel efficiency. A lot of it is due to the efforts we've made working with our drivers and utilizing the onboard systems that record fuel mileage. But we've also continued to focus on the tractors and aerodynamic features on the tractors, as well as the implementation of the side skirts on all of our pup trailers. And so we're seeing continued improvements in fuel economy.
Earl E. Congdon: Well, as always, guys, we sure thank you for your participation today. We appreciate your questions, they were great, and particularly, your support of Old Dominion. So please feel free to give us a call if you have any further questions. And we'll look forward to talking with you on the second quarter call. Bye.
David S. Congdon: Thank you, Earl, and good morning. Most of you are familiar with the value proposition that Earl discussed and the strength of the competitive position it gives Old Dominion. You've also heard us discuss the importance of density, yield and efficiency to driving our outstanding results from our business model. In fact, in our call last quarter, I specifically stated that given the increased density and yield in a stable economic environment, we continue to believe that our incremental operating profit of 15% to 20% is possible. Our first quarter results bore this statement out completely. In an economic environment that is growing slowly at best but that is reasonably stable, we increased density in our system with a 5.2% increase in tons per day. In addition, with industry supply and demand dynamics creating a stable pricing environment, we produced 3% growth in revenue per hundredweight for the quarter. Combination of these increases was primarily responsible for the strong improvement in our operating ratio for the quarter. Increased efficiency also contributed as we generated improvements in our platform pounds per hour and our laden load average. The winter weather had an impact on pickup and delivery productivity as we maintained our shipments and stops per hour about even with the first quarter of last year. Our capital expenditures support our ability to continue driving increased operating leverage through improved density. With the geographic footprint of our service centers now serving virtually the entire country, most of our CapEx on real estate will be directed toward expansion or replacement projects for existing service centers, such as the 8 projects completed in the first quarter. In addition to focusing on real estate expansion and replacement projects, we also will continue to invest in productivity-enhancing technology and in ensuring our employees have the training and education to maximize this investment. Through these investments, we believe that further improvements in our operating ratio can be achieved, given an improving economy and continued execution of our business model. Although we are one of the largest LTL carriers, we currently have only a single-digit share of the LTL market, and we see opportunities to continue expanding our business for the foreseeable future. We are confident that we have the management experience and the financial resources to support this goal. Our growth strategies are time-tested, and our fellow employees in the OD family have proven their ability to execute our value proposition. Because of these strengths, we are confident that we will continue meeting our long-term growth objectives. Thank you for your interest in Old Dominion. And now I'll ask Wes to review our financial results for the first quarter in greater detail.
David S. Congdon: Freight mix changes continuously, and we don't want to really get into the details, but we are seeing in our contractual business, as I've mentioned in the conference call, generally increases in revenue per hundredweight excluding fuel surcharge in that 2% and 3% range. So a mix change doesn't really affect the pricing scenario what we expect, but it will affect your revenue per hundredweight just as it does length of haul or changes in weight per shipment.
David S. Congdon: Back during the recession, the LTL industry took out somewhere in the neighborhood of 15% in terms of terminals and doors, and this is going off of some data that I think one of the transportation analysts had put out. And tonnage dropped almost 20% during the recession, but the tonnage is back up to -- not quite back to the levels that it was at in, say, the peak of 2007, but the service centers had not come back. So I think capacity has not increased in the industry as a whole. Our capacity has at Old Dominion. But I believe it's the supply-demand equation that has allowed for the improvements in pricing for the industry as a whole.
David S. Congdon: But we have a strong quarter. The yield improvement was good. The yield overall was good. We've got a great mix of business. We had density improvement across the network. We had some continued improvements of efficiency. So like Wes said, it's the math -- a bit of it is the mathematics of it. When you improve your OR of 150 basis points on a 7% growth rate, you get a 30% margin improvement. If our growth rate -- if our OR improvement was 150 points and we had grown 15%, you wouldn't see 30%. You'd see something less.
David S. Congdon: Well, keep in mind, we're not really being aided by the macro at all, and no one is. So our growth rate right now is pretty much market share for the most part. And so, obviously, to get back to something higher, we would have to see some continued improvement in the macro environment. When that will occur, I know that I'm not qualified to answer. Maybe you are.
David S. Congdon: Cut out. I would say that we still have weather issues even into April. Yes, and you've probably seen the rain, floods and snow. So we're still getting affected by some weather compared to last year. But I'll say, sequentially, if you calculate the number -- the sequential tonnage into April from March, is going to be -- only be in the 1% to 1.5% range, which is pretty much on the 10-year average. Our expectation was that it would be more because, obviously, this April doesn't have the Good Friday in it, and March did. So we actually expected more. And so we're just kind of a little bit hesitant about the macro going into April despite the year-over-year tonnage of being 5% in April, as I'd already mentioned. Sequentially, we were expecting better. And we will -- we'll just have to attribute that to maybe a macro environment that still is a little bit soft or at least not growing to expectation.
David S. Congdon: It's not necessarily targeting. We see profitability of any shipment, whether short-haul or long-haul, adding to density. But what we did see was a little bit higher shipment growth in our next day for the quarter. And in that -- I mean, obviously, it wasn't changed that much, so we don't put a lot of foundation in that. But we did see a slight increase in the regional business, and I'm not sure if that's market share or just how the regions grow. It's hard to have visibility on just small changes like that.
David S. Congdon: No, it's still -- I mean, we have some of that in our home moving and some other services, but it's not material at this point.
David S. Congdon: And, Justin, we -- as we look at our overall share of the LTL industry, our market share still remains in -- is around, let's call it 7%, and there's no reason why we can't get up in the double digits. And as we accomplish that, we will have continued needs for capital to grow our fleet, to continue reinvesting in our fleet, to continue reinvesting and growing our service center capacity. So I agree with Wes, it's too early to consider dividends and share buybacks at this point in time until we see a longer-term track record and until we find that it's -- we don't have any more room for growth. But while we continue to look at acquisitions, and we'll continue to grow that LTL market share, we've -- our return on invested capital's pretty doggone strong, and we hope to keep deploying it when we have returns of this level.
David S. Congdon: So mathematically it's focused. It's harder to achieve a 150-basis point improvement off that number. So if it's less and the revenue growth is the same, the incremental margins are going to be less mathematically, so...
David S. Congdon: At this point, we're not doing a whole lot in that regard. We still see that even with e-commerce and home deliveries and more of them, there's still going to be a huge market for LTL into the distribution centers that subsequently ship those home deliveries, and we have ample room for growth in the LTL environment without worrying about that and also, without trying to take on FedEx and UPS.
David S. Congdon: Oh, like-for-like stores, added to service centers net in the year, and so everything is same-store sales.
David S. Congdon: Yes, but -- usually, what the service centers that we are adding now, usually are spinoffs of other service centers as we expand the footprint. And so again, I would say 99.98% of our growth is all same-store sales.
David S. Congdon: Well, I don't -- we haven't given a specific time on double-digit growth, and I think part of that is going to depend on the macro and a lot of other things. But well, we have at the end of the quarter 219 service centers, and we would likely add another 30 to 40. So that's -- over the time frame, we're not sure what that is. In a lot of cases, it depends on the opportunity and when they become available.
David S. Congdon: Well, absolutely. We're getting impact from the flooding as well as some of the other inclement weather or adverse weather that we're having around parts of our coverage areas.
David S. Congdon: We can't speculate on what's going to happen at the competitors. That would -- we're just not going to do that. So ask another question.
David S. Congdon: Yes, we have a regional breakbulk in Albany, New York, and that's where we're building a new center. It will just give us additional capacity there.
J. Wes Frye: Good morning. Thank you, David. Old Dominion's revenues for the first quarter was $532.6 million, a 7.1% increase from the first quarter of 2012. The growth in revenue reflected a 3.5% comparable quarter increase in tonnage or 5.2% per day. In addition, revenue per hundredweight increased 3% compared with the first quarter of 2012, or 2.9% excluding the effect of fuel surcharge. Tonnage growth was comprised of a 2.6% increase in the shipments and a 0.9% increase in the weight per shipment. The increase in the weight per shipment combined with a 1.1% decline in average length of haul typically creates downward pressure on revenue per hundredweight, so we are pleased with the increased yield during the quarter. Sequentially through the first quarter, tonnage per day increased 7.9% for January versus December, 2.4% for February and 2.8% for March versus the 10-year average sequential growth of 1.2%, 2.6% and 4.7%, respectively. The increase in January reflects the tonnage dip in December we discussed last quarter and the below-average growth for March reflects the impact of Good Friday falling in the first quarter of 2013. We expect tonnage per day for April, year-over-year, to be up approximately 5% and remain in the range of 4.5% to 5% for the quarter overall. Our revenue per hundredweight for April was expected to be up approximately 1.5% excluding fuel surcharge. Although we expect to realize a 2% to 3% yield increases from our contractual business during the second quarter, our freight mix contributed to the reduced revenue per hundredweight for April compared to the first quarter. At this point, we expect our experience during the second quarter would generally resemble our April mix of business and, as a result, we are tempering our expectations for revenue per hundredweight excluding fuel surcharge to a range of 1.5% to 2% for the quarter overall. Our operating ratio for the first quarter of 2013 was an 87.6% compared with an 89.1% for the first quarter last year. As anticipated, depreciation and amortization increased 50 basis points as a percent of revenue for the quarter, mainly due to the increased purchases of tractors, trailers and other equipment in 2012. This increase was more than offset by 110 basis point improvement in salary, wages and benefits and a 100 basis point improvement in our operating supplies and expenses. I'll note that about 40 basis points of the improvement in operating supplies and expenses were due to reduced equipment repairs and maintenance costs. This reduction, which nearly offsets the increase in D&A expense mentioned previously, is partially tied to the reduction in the average age of our tractor fleet, which is a big part of the reason for the increase in the depreciation and amortization. In addition, the reduction in operating supplies and expense as a percentage of revenue reflected reduced fuel expense due to better fuel efficiency and purchasing methods. Capital expenditure for the first quarter was $26.1 million. For 2013, we continue to expect CapEx net of sales proceeds to be approximately $270 million, including real estate of $95 million, $150 million for equipment and $25 million for technology and other assets. We expect to fund these expenditures primarily through operating cash flow as well as our available borrowing capacity, if necessary. Total debt to total capitalization improved to 17.1% at the end of the 2013 first quarter versus 19% at December 31, 2012, and 22.5% at the end of the first quarter last year. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2012 was 36.1% compared with a 39.5% for the first quarter of 2012. This decrease is due primarily to recognition of propane tax credits and is consistent with a 35.9% guidance I gave in our last earnings call. We continue to expect our effective tax rate for the remaining quarters of 2013 will average 38.6%. And this concludes our prepared remarks this morning. And, operator, we'll be happy to open the floor for any questions at this time.
J. Wes Frye: No. It's funny. I don't know if mathematically you've gone through the permeations, but the lower your growth is, the less improvement in operating ratio that causes higher incremental margins. What I'm saying is if you have a 150-basis point improvement and our growth was 7%, if we were going to 15%, you'd have had to improve your operating ratio by almost 8 points to get the same incremental margin. So it's kind of a quirk in the math, and so I'll just leave that with you to test on your own.
J. Wes Frye: Well, I don't know that it -- 1 day out of a quarter is material. I mean, it probably can affect it by 20 or so basis points, unless it's made up other ways through other efficiencies. But if 20 or -- or even call it 30 basis points, which is probably stretching a little bit, is material, then I'll leave that definition up to you, but -- so it does have an effect. The materiality of it depends on your fixed variable cost relationships.
J. Wes Frye: We do that electively and -- but those don't go into effect until September, and we haven't made any decisions or had any discussions at that -- with that at this point.
J. Wes Frye: We don't really have that visibility. Obviously, what we're getting is market share for the most part. Where it's coming from, it's just not very transparent to us to know where and why, necessarily.
J. Wes Frye: We'll wait to see if the cash generation that -- if it gets there, is a trend, or if we can put any cash to better use by reinvesting in the company. So it's a little early for us to even think about that. We haven't really been faced with that problem in quite a few years. So we'll evaluate that as we see that be more of something other than maybe a 1-year deal and going forward.
J. Wes Frye: We haven't given any guidance to that effect, but certainly going forward, we expect our CapEx to be a less percentage of revenue, for sure. Not sure about the dollar amounts, but certainly a less percentage of revenue.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, I can. The month-over-month in January was 5.6%, in February was 6.5%, and March, year-over-year, was 3.8%.
J. Wes Frye: We -- obviously, when you're talking about expanding service center, you're talking about a long-term benefit. You don't obviously expand the service center to suit your needs for the freight at that point. And the reason we expand these is because we foresee the growth in a particular market to be fairly strong, and we're getting close to capacity. So the -- let me put it this way, the negative effect of not expanding and being out of capacity is much greater than the short-term with the higher depreciation. And so those investments that we have made over the years and have proved to be, I think, beneficial to our return on invested capital. And if you look at our track record, despite all of the CapEx that we've -- the massive CapEx that we've invested over the last several years, all of that cost is embedded in our continuously improving operating ratio. So it's obvious that these investments are very worthwhile, and not impactful in any great way for any particular quarter.
J. Wes Frye: It's really still very stable in our view. We're not seeing any abnormal irrationality. There's normal irrationality that you see pockets of it all the time, but it's basically the same stable level that we've been seeing for the last couple of quarters.
J. Wes Frye: Well, we typically are one of the later ones that come out with the GRI. So we'll be one of the later ones to discuss it.
J. Wes Frye: Well, actually, we like incremental capacity anywhere, but I think that the expansion projects that we already discussed, by definition, indicates those areas that we would like more -- that we need more capacity so that we can grow more efficiently.
J. Wes Frye: Yes. I will see. The -- this quarter is 64 days, and that's compared to 64 days of last year. The third quarter, we have 64 days. That's compared to 63 days for the third quarter of 2012. In the fourth quarter in both years, this year and last year, it has 63 days.
J. Wes Frye: Not that I'm aware of. I mean, July 4 this year falls on a Thursday, and that could cause people to take off on Friday. So that Friday might not be very strong. And, obviously, the country will be closed on Thursday, so it's -- I don't think it will be material.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, the biggest one is, has been and continues to be the cost of group health cost. We're self-insured for a big portion of that, so any inflationary cost hits us directly. And that will also impact the cost of treating injuries, workers' compensation expense.
J. Wes Frye: So that's probably the biggest and, I guess, another secondary is -- continues to be governmental regulation and the cost of that.
J. Wes Frye: Well, I think the reason we say that, John, is I don't think the GDP was up 5%, or 2% in the first quarter. So that's our only conclusion.
J. Wes Frye: I think if you looked at our growth by length of haul, as I already mentioned, our regional next day grew a little bit better. I don't know if that's a macro statement or just how it falls out. But generally speaking, all of our lengths of haul, in terms of shipment growth, seems to be fairly ratable across each one, indicating that the market share growth we're seeing is from across the spectrum of carriers, both regional and long-haul.
J. Wes Frye: Sometimes, a big part of that is bad debts and how we use outside services, and et cetera. And sometimes, it's not necessarily a drop other than we had some additional costs in the previous year, but I think to answer your question, we see that level being sustainable.
J. Wes Frye: Well, I think that would be getting into some guidance, which we don't give. We've always given the guidance of 15% to 20%, given the scenario of density improvements and a stable pricing environment or some stability in the economy. So we'll just stick with that at this point. Now keep in mind, Scott, that the second quarter of last year, we operated at 84.7%, which is a very, very strong quarter. So the second quarter is a very tough comparison.
J. Wes Frye: First of all, yes, we're fortunate that the hours of service changed. It's due -- it has to do with that 34-hour restart, and it is not an impact on us. It will be more of an inconvenience than any kind of a calculatable financial impact. But it's not even much of an inconvenience because 70% of our drivers are scheduled and running the regular route network that we have and set running times between service centers. Our network is geared, geared for the -- geared properly to where this is not an impact.
J. Wes Frye: We don't -- we haven't even discussed that, Ben. So I don't really want to even get to any specifics on that, when or how much.
J. Wes Frye: Yes, the increase in the weight per shipment and the increase is so relatively minor, we don't attribute much to it and probably more mix than anything. Only up 0.9%, so that fluctuates by just on a timing standpoint or whatever the calculation is.
J. Wes Frye: Well, some of the -- obviously, some of our regions are more mature than others, so just looking at each of the growth as a pure percentage, isn't necessarily a statement. But I would say that generally, all of our regions are growing, and I think growing appropriately compared onto the maturity of that region from a percentage standpoint. There's none that are trending converse to what all of the regions are doing.
J. Wes Frye: I don't know. I already made the statement that sequential end to April from March was not up to what we were expecting. So I don't know that that's -- I think that's a macro statement in my view or in our view. So I'm not sure that we see any tailwinds from the Easter being in March as opposed to April.
