Greg Gantt: Good morning. And welcome to our first quarter conference call. With me on the call today is Adam Satterfield, our CFO. After some brief remarks, we will be glad to take your questions. We are pleased to report a great start to 2021 for Old Dominion. Our financial results were highlighted by new first quarter records for revenue, operating ratio and earnings per diluted share. The operating momentum that began in the second half of 2020 continued through the quarter and we also benefited from and improving domestic economy. Our revenue increase to $1.1 billion as a result, which is the highest level of quarterly revenue we have ever achieved. 14.1% revenue growth rate was also our highest since the fourth quarter of 2018. After essentially going through two flattish years in 2019 and 2020, our revenue was relatively flat over the past two years, and that was an unusually long period for us to go without growth. We maintained our commitment to our long term strategic plan and invested during those times for our future. Our first quarter financial results validate the benefits of this long term strategy. Our strategic plan has worked throughout many economic cycles. We generally see our largest increases in market share when the domestic economy is strong, and industry capacity is generally limited. This is the environment in which we are now operating. We have also recently received encouraging feedback from many of our customers regarding the ongoing recovery of this business, of these business levels and their increased demand for our services. As a result, we expect to see a continued acceleration in our market share trends as we progress through this year. Our focus is never to simply increase market share and revenues. Our objective is to win market share in a way that can produce profitable revenue growth. We achieve this goal in the first quarter, as our ability to deliver best-in-class service at a fair price contributed to the increase in our volumes, resulting improvement in density, as well as an increase in yield that exceeded cost inflation led to the 76.1% operating ratio for the quarter and 53% increase in earnings per diluted share. The favorable operating environment and improving trends we intend to invest significantly in all elements of capacity this year to support our revenue growth initiatives. This starts with our OD family of employees, which already grew by over 1000 new full time employees during the first quarter. We intend to hire additional employees this year to further increase the capacity of our workforce. In addition, we all support our team's ability to deliver superior service by investing approximately $605 million in capital expenditures during 2021. This total includes new tractors and trailers, as well as an expansion of our service center network that could include an additional four to six service centers. We will also continue to invest in new technologies that are designed to improve customer service and increase the efficiency of our operation. OD team will be diligent in managing productivity, cost and capacity this year to maximize our ability to produce profitable growth in 2021. This diligence, however, will not affect our focus on the long term opportunities for our business. We believe we are the best position company in the LTL industry to win market share in both the current environment and over the long term. This provides us with confidence that the continued execution of our strategic plan, combined with our financial strength and available network capacity, can produce additional growth in earnings and increased shareholder value. Thank you for joining us this morning. And now, Adam will discuss our first quarter financial results in greater detail.
Greg Gantt: Jack, as you know, we've always talked about our ability to grow and outgrow our competitors when the market was strong, like it is today. So I think we're definitely seeing the evidence of that. We're not capacity constrained. I think we've made tremendous investments, particularly in the last 10 or 15 years to increase our capacity and it's obviously paying off for. So, I think we're in a very unique and a very positive position when the market turns as positive as it is today. From the standpoint of constricting volumes or limiting volumes, whatever you want to call it, we have not had to do that. We have limited some truckload type shipments that we're coming our way more so -- more strong, much stronger back in March than today. But we have had to limit some of those types shipments and keep them out of the truckload. But otherwise we're not capacity constraint. It's full steam ahead where we're trying to hire and add to our workforce to meet those capacity demands. And so far we're having success. I wish it was sometimes it would happen a little bit quicker than it does. But we're in a good position moving forward and all things go.
Greg Gantt: I don't think there's necessarily a big underlying change. The big picture changes that we feel like length of haul will probably shorten and that will continue to see improvement in our regional business. But we still have a very high quality, long haul and medium haul business. And I would say, over the past 12 months, really, since the COVID impact on the mix of our business that we've probably just seen a little bit more market share in with our contractual business, and certainly saw more growth. And for many periods out of the West right now, our growth is very balanced across all of our regions, but a lot of times the freight coming out of the West will have a longer length of haul associated with it. So we've seen tremendous growth there. And that's probably been causing a little uptick. But long term when we think about that continued shift and tailwind that we believe exist with e-commerce freight, we'd expect to see that market share and those regional lanes continue to increase and probably pull the length of haul back down with it.
Greg Gantt: Allison, I would say it's definitely a little more difficult than it has been in years past. But we're having success. Like I mentioned earlier, I wish sometimes it would happen a little bit quicker than it does. But we are having success. We're adding where needed. In the locations where we're having job fairs and things like that, run ads or whatever, we're, we're getting a nice response. And again, we're having success meeting our needs. I wish it was a little quicker. We've had a pretty significant uptick in business when -- as Adam mentioned, talking about April 45% to 50% increase, be it we were down last year. Still, that's a pretty significant uptick in business. And the difficulty is meeting the needs as quickly as the business is coming at you. So, I think that's the challenge. But again, I think we're doing well. We just have to stay focused on it and get the folks on board, which I feel confident we'll be able to do. So, I do not think that will limit us going forward.
Greg Gantt: Yes. That was probably long winded in my initial response. But we're coming right in where we would want to be and consistent with how we've trended over many years, because we've had a long term consistent process. And we've averaged an increase in our revenue per shipment of about 4.5%. And that is a target over our cost inflation of 75 to 100 basis points. So, certainly the strong demand when you've got a yield management process that focuses on individual account profitability. In a demand environment like this, we've got to think about opportunity costs with how we allocate capacity. And certainly when you've got accounts that may not be the best performing from an operating ratio standpoint, then we try to work through those as those accounts may be asking for more capacity from us. And so, certainly would try to get a little more in an environment like this when we may not be able to get as much in environments that are a little bit weaker. But core increases are going well. We're seeing good increases as the contracts are coming up. But that's what we shoot for year-in and year-out. We think have a differentiated approach where we tried to be consistent year-in and year-out with our customers and talk about the cost inflation that we're experiencing, and the increases that we need to offset that inflation. But again, also supporting the continuous investment and capacity that we're making on behalf of our customers. So that's all going well, right now, and certainly the environment is very supportive of our pricing initiatives this year.
Greg Gantt: Chris, that's a great question. I think if you recall, we've talked a lot about that over the last several years. And it is definitely more difficult and much more challenging today to increase that brand on the real estate side than it used to be. But, we've worked extremely hard at it. We've got a very active real estate department that is searching where we know, we have needs, and we're trying to anticipate our needs as best we can. We're doing that. And we're having some success. And I've mentioned it in the past, there are some parts of the country that are much more difficult than others. And you just have to work harder at it for those places than you do in some of the other middle of the country type more rural areas. So, again, I think we're having the success that we need, be it more difficult, and it's obviously, it's more expensive. Thank you. You heard our numbers. We're talking about the $300 million real estate capital expenditure budget this year. And a lot of that is because of the inflation that we've seen related to real estate. So it's not -- certainly if we were doing this year of what we did maybe 10, 15 years ago, the number wouldn't be anywhere near that. So there's definitely some inflation there. But again, we're having success. I feel good about it. It's just a little more costly than it used to be. And certainly you have to work harder at it.
Greg Gantt: It's not sticky at all, Jon. That business is about a slippery as it gets. It'll move between truckload and LTL depending on the capacity that the truckload market has at the time. So it's very slippery. It comes and goes. And that's why, we certainly don't want to load our network down with truckload type shipments when we certainly feel like we've got obligations to service our normal regular LTL type business. So we will continue to try to manage that as long as we have a need to manage it. So, as far as -- how much that amounts to? I don't know, Adam, you probably got a better feel for that than I do.
Greg Gantt: Jon, no, we -- like I said, we're having success in the service centers that we've got planned for this year. They're well underway. They're not at the point where we're trying to find real estate and build. If we've talked about opening four, six or whatever it is, you can be sure those are well underway, or we wouldn't be talking about them. We do have a lot of places that we're still acquiring real estate and making plans and whatnot. But those are well underway. And again, as we talked about before, we feel like there's a lot of growth opportunity left in the -- on the LTL side. And that's what we're trying to do. That's what we've talked about now for years. That's our plan. That's our strategy. And we'll continue to execute on that going forward.
Greg Gantt: On the average headcount side, in the first quarter, initially, we were up 4.3% versus fourth quarter. And typically, our headcount is pretty flat. So there was a big increase and shift there, and reflect on the success and the programs that Greg mentioned. Our HR team has done a really great job of continuing to bring people on board and get them ready for the acceleration and freight that we typically see through the second and third quarters. An average second quarter headcount is normally up a little over 2% for us. The biggest year we ever had was in 2014, again another strong period. Headcount was up 5%, that year, in the second quarter. And I think we're going to see probably a number more like that. We're still trying to catch the curve, if you will, with the growth that we're seeing. And still having to make use of some purchase transportation is mentioned. So we would expect to see that we're on the high end of that scale, and possibly even exceeding that, on that 5% metric in terms of the sequential change from first quarter, second quarter. And the productivity that you mentioned, like we mentioned, our prepared remarks, especially on the dock, it's pretty typical to see a loss of productivity. But it's certainly more important to make sure that the team is they come in new, they're learning, they learn our ways for claims prevention. They're following our safety protocols and so forth. And, and we're trying to maximize the loads that we're moving our line-haul costs, they're the biggest cost element that we face. So we've got to make sure that that we're properly loading these trailers to maximize the overall efficiency of the operation. And so certainly, that's something that we'll continue to experience is we're increasing headcount. But when we've got the top line revenue growth, that gives us a little covered offset, maybe some of this higher cost inflation that we're seeing.
Greg Gantt: I think going back to just pure comp per employee, again, we gave the wage increase last year of between 3% to 3.5%. I think that when you start looking at things on a year-over-year basis, all of the comparisons in the second quarter are going to be pretty unusual. But we're going to have higher costs related to group health and dental benefits. I think that we'll see our benefit cost per employee, some acceleration there. As we progress, we have pretty good performance. So those fringe benefit cost as a percent of normal salaries and wages in the first quarter were 33%, 33.2%. And so, that was good performance. We were anticipating somewhere more like 34% for this year, 34% to 34.5% was kind of my initial forecast. And so, saw good performance there. I think that possible that we'll continue to see some inflation there. The other factor is, we're certainly seeing inflation, when it comes to the performance based compensation that we have. With our improving financial results, we're going to see increases there as well. And that's something that really gets back to when we talk about our focus for hiring people. It all starts with our company culture and the family spirit that we have. That certainly has made it easier to both attract and retain employees. But the connection to the financial performance, and that direct link of the engagement of employees with connecting the company's financial success to their personal success through improved wages and benefits and contributions into our 401-K retirement program. Those are all things that helped keep driving the performance of the company. So those will continue to increase as the financial performance, both revenue and income are increasing as well. But I think we're in a great spot. And to keep getting some leverage. If we see that salary, wages and benefits line, there should be some natural inflation there too, is we in-source, and reduce our reliance on purchase transportation. So there shouldn't be some corresponding decreases once we kind of catch back up to the curve there. So multiple factors that's going to be driving that number for us.
Greg Gantt: That 25% reflects the door capacity that we have in our network. In an LTL network, it's the doors that is required to process freight. And it's obviously very critical and a long term investment and a long time to expand capacity, as we've discussed earlier on the call. So, that's something that we always have to stay focused on. And we feel like far ahead of our growth curve to make sure the network is never a limiting factor to us. But that's one of three key elements of capacity within LTL. Next would be on the fleet side. And I feel like we're in a really good spot, based on where our fleet is and the ability to handle the freight that we have today, as well as the ongoing increases that we would be anticipating this year. In coordination with the $290 million CapEx spend that we have planned for equipment this year. So I feel like our fleets in a really good spot. And obviously, you don't want to carry that much excess capacity like we do on the service center network side in your fleet, there's higher deer depreciation per unit cost there. You want to have enough to be able to handle the peaks at the end of the month and the end of quarters and to be able to accommodate growth. But you don't maintain that same excessive level. And then finally, and most importantly, is the people capacity. And certainly, that's something that we manage more in relation with revenue and volume trends. And it's something that we're constantly balancing here. And the lever we pull, like we're pulling right now, when we're a little short is we make use of purchase transportation. And we'll continue to do that until we complete the additions to the team that just sort of catch up with the freight volumes that we're currently experiencing. So, we're in a good spot across the board. And I think we've got a good plan, a very detailed plan and is different by service center and by region for how we're continuing to add drivers and platform employees to the team to continue to handle the accelerating volumes that we're seeing.
Greg Gantt: Yes. Sure, Scott. We were actually in the process of making a couple purchases to do some testing. We still from everything we see and hear that technology is not where it needs to be to help us at this point, but we are wanting to test some electric vehicles. Be it switchers, be it trucks or -- and/or forklifts. So that's in the process as we speak. But, again, I don't see any impact of that in the near future.
Greg Gantt: April, was definitely the worst period that we experienced last year. That was the biggest drop that was just like freight and revenue levels fell off a cliff. And once things reset, we had pretty good recovery and sequentially increases for the most part that point forward. But from a revenue trend standpoint, in April, we were down 19.3% on a per day basis, like I mentioned in May, we were down -- May of 2020, we were down 16.2%. In June of 2020, we were down 11.5%. So each month, the change -- I guess the comp gets a little more difficult, but just reflects sequential improvements that we saw. Overall revenue for the quarter was down 15.5% second quarter of 2020.
Greg Gantt: 15% tonnage, Tom, that's pretty steep. I'm not sure I recall those days. Maybe my memory seems. But we had 15 in 2018. But anyway, that's a pretty steep. We'll see it obviously, in the second quarter when we were so far back in 2020. But I'm not sure once we get back to normal type comparisons, we're going to see that kind of growth, that's probably a stretch. And to be clear, on that percent capacity, that's not a year over year growth. I mean, that's, that's capacity from the freight levels that we're handling here in March in the first quarter. Incremental growth on top of that, while we're also continuing to expand every day.
Greg Gantt: It's hard to ramp up, Tom at that pace. I mean, obviously, if we knew we were anticipating that. If that was realistic, then it would certainly be more realistic, but I'm not sure, we'll see that those type numbers. I'm not sure the economy's quite that strong. While things are certainly good and positive. That 15% is a bit over where we are today.  Got to remember right, we just came off the rim. I just wanted to mention, reiterate, we came off the highest revenue quarter we've ever had in the first quarter. So you're talking about big numbers, bigger numbers on top of big numbers, if you will. And he's in obviously ignoring the year over year column. That's much easier Again, second quarter, we'll have some impressive numbers. I would certainly expect. But we get in the, like I say, more normal comparisons. I don't think we'll see that. The first and fourth quarters are more normalized versus the middle part of the year, where we've got some easier comps.
Greg Gantt: I don't know that we've seen that. Jordan, I don't know that we've seen that at all. I expect some of them are trying to do something. But we haven't seen a whole lot of movement for the most part. We see -- every now and again, you'll see some carriers adding a terminal here and there. But like I mentioned earlier, when we look over a longer period of time, the reality is, there's been more of a decrease in the number of service centers in operation around the country versus we obviously have been focused on increasing. And we're doing that because of the market share opportunities that we continue to believe that are out there. And certainly we're positioned better than anyone with the service levels that we offer, the total value proposition. And we feel like that in this environment, more shippers are focusing on value, that's certainly what we sail. And there is a value to Old Dominion services, as well as the capacity. Our customers right now are certainly benefiting from the fact that we've made all of these capacity investments and they've got contracts in place with us. And we certainly can continue to handle increased levels of business with them. And we're getting the feedback from customers that many of our competitors are not able to handle some of the acceleration that they're seeing in their business. So that, too, is we have seen in the first quarter. And that's continuing where that capacity advantages is certainly driving freight our way. So anecdotally, feedback that we're getting from customers as well as just what we see in terms of total service centers and operation, on average, they are down. And we are benefiting from that at a time when we think the industry continues to have tailwinds. And that's just creating more and more opportunity for Old Dominion.
Greg Gantt: I don't think it's a change in strategy at all. Its this the strategy we've been talking about for a long time. And like I've mentioned before, and we've talked about over the years, we will grow more when the economy is strong. And when our competitors capacity is as limited as it appears to be, then the customers come to us. And that's what we've seen happening in recent months. And I expect that we will certainly have much stronger growth than most all of our competitors. So, we're waiting to see, but it's not any anything that we've done, the change. Is just the continued execution of the strategy that we set forth back some years ago. And like I said, before, we're executing and having success doing so. I feel good about where we are and the things that we've done. And now its the time when it starts to pay off for us. Yes. Pretty positive from that standpoint, for sure.
Greg Gantt: Thank you. Thank you all for your participation today. We appreciate your questions. Please feel free to give us a call if you have anything further. Thank you and have a great day.
Adam Satterfield: And it's hard to get into the details of that on tonnage and shipments basis, because the trends have been a little more or unusual, if you will, and not following the same types of patterns in the sense of the way -- our weight per shipment has been trending intra month and so forth. We've been seeing some wider shipments earlier in the month, and then it just strengthens throughout and then gets heavy at the end. But nevertheless, our overall revenue, obviously 45% to 50% on a comparison basis with April suggests that we are seeing continued strength and acceleration in our business. We had incredibly strong performance in March, at tonnage per day, that was up 10.7% versus the normal 5.1% increase, that was the 10-year average. And then that followed the weakness that we saw in February. So probably, a little bit of recovery there, that helps support that number. And then just the way the math work. But I think that we're continuing to see revenue perform pretty much in line with what we'd expect from a sequential standpoint. As you mentioned, the year-over-year weights and shipments are going to look a little unusual. Whereas last year, we had such an increase in late March and through April, and the weight per shipment. So that certainly will throw things off a bit. But we'd look to see continued strong revenue performance, and whether that's coming through in tonnage, shipments and yield, I think it's really all of the above. They're all performing well, and contributing to excellent revenue quality, and obviously in the first quarter that's contributing to really strong profitable growth force.
Adam Satterfield: Yes. The yield numbers is similar to conversation we just had about volume. They're going to look a little unusual as well. Last year in April, our average weight per shipment was 1677 pounds.. And we've been trending now around the 1600 pound range. So we're going to see, if things continue a pretty meaningful drop, and that similar to what we experienced in March as well. So you can with a big decrease in the weight per shipment, obviously that has a favorable impact on revenue per hundredweight. And so we've got a big inflection there. Not to mention that last year in April was when the fuel dropped significantly. So we're going to have a bigger contribution from the fuel surcharge as well. You might be looking at and certainly we saw double digit type increase in revenue per hundredweight. And that doesn't tell the story necessarily from a pure yield and revenue per shipment standpoint. And we saw a nice improvement in the first quarter on revenue per shipment. And that benefited from both higher weight per shipment and a higher length of haul as well. And all those metrics go into our yield management process. We've got a process that's focused on individual account profitability, and one that focuses on continuous improvement as well. And I think that our sales team, our pricing teams, they've worked really hard over the last couple of years, to make sure that we're seeing continuous improvement in each of our customers operating ratios. And that's certainly bearing fruit when you look at our numbers and how that may transition into the second quarter as well. So, it's probably going to be more of just looking at that pure number. Look and comparison on a sequential basis from first quarter revenue per hundredweight that I know drive everyone's models in that normal sequential transition from 1Q to 2Q. And if you look at it excluding the field, we were right at $21 on a revenue per hundredweight basis in 1Q. And typically, we see, an average about 1.5% increase from 1Q to 2Q if mix is held constant. So that would suggest another $0.25 to $0.30 sort of sequential increase, if you will, and that revenue per hundredweight metric excluding the fuel. But we're going to continue on with our focus and you asked about OpEx as well. The long term plan has always been to balance our revenue per shipment versus the cost per shipment performance and having a positive delta there to support the ongoing investments and capacity that essentially we're making on behalf of our customers, As well as investments in technology, tools and so forth. It can help us keep our cost structure lower, so that we can improve profit per shipment, without having to rely completely on pricing initiatives. But if we can continue to keep costs in check through productivity, and certainly right now, we're benefiting from the strong top line growth and just the increase in shipment is creating operating leverage that that's benefiting our cost structure there. And, as you mentioned, we did see a decrease in cost per shipment in the first quarter. But we were expecting, like we mentioned at the beginning of this year, core inflation of kind of 4% to 4.5%. We're just benefiting right now significantly from the leverage and productivity, yield performance in our business.
Adam Satterfield: Yes. It's certainly. I mean, that's the quarter where we get the biggest improvement. It's the quarter where we typically see the largest sequential increase in revenue performance as well. Typically, revenue per day is up 10% in the second quarter versus the first. And so, that leverage on existing cost base and so forth creates that opportunity for us. So -- we've -- on any given year, we've increased or improved the operating ratio in a range of 360 to 420 basis points. And certainly, we would expect to get some improvement this year. We've done a good job the last three quarters and have had nice sequential changes that have been kind of what our normal progression is. But now, we're starting to look at the cost that you mentioned that we expect to have some increases in our aggregate overhead costs. We performed very well in the first quarter and had some costs in categories that kind of went well for us. That we'll see if all the stars stay aligned as we transitioned in the second quarter. But certainly, our focus is always to produce as much profitable growth as we can. And we will continue to look at it, leveraging the improvement in our revenue and trying to continue with our productivity initiatives. Some of that, like we saw in the first quarter, where we lost a little productivity on the dock, as we continue to hire new employees and put them into the operation. Certainly, you can start seeing a little bit of headwind on productivity there. But our operation is running extremely smooth right now. And we're going to keep focused on making sure that we're focused mainly on keeping our service metrics best-in-class, secondary focus on productivity. But at the end of the day, we're trying to produce as much profitable growth as we can.
Adam Satterfield: And on the labor inflation standpoint, we gave our wage increase in September of last year. We would not expect -- or we're seeing the effects of that. And that was part of that overall core inflation of 4% to 4.5%. That was probably, all in 3% to 3.5%. So we're seeing that until September of this coming year on just pure inflation standpoint. But we are continuing to use the purchase transportation, though, and that amount stayed pretty much in the same range as where it was in the fourth quarter. And we talked about, hoping to see that number decline as we progress through the second quarter. And at this point, it's staying at the same level. So we'll keep using that supplement, the workforce until really we're in position to be able to handle anticipated growth with our complete team and everything in sourced where we would like it to be. But that's probably, we expect to still see PTE [ph] decrease on the second half, but just may be a little bit later in the year. But really the goal will be getting the workforce where it needs to be not only for this year, but really just gearing up and preparing for 2022.
Adam Satterfield: Yes. It's been something where a lot of those shipments end up coming through our spot quote network and spot quote type business and other volume shipments. And in the past have been anywhere from 3% to 5% of our revenue. Right now, they're probably only 1% to 2% of revenue. So, we certainly have seen a decrease. Now, with that said, some of those -- some shippers, especially the larger accounts, when our weight per shipment increased last year, they just move heavier type shipments on their contractual rates. So some of that is transparent to us that a customer may have tried to move 6,000 pounds shipment by a truckload, if they could have found a carrier that may have performed a multi stop for them. So, it's not always clear. But what's clear is just us trying to understand all of the freight movement characteristics, the costing for each shipment, and the revenue that we need to have on each shipment that we move.
Adam Satterfield: I think that, the 1600 pound range, where we are, I think really reflects the strength of the economy, typically an increase in weight per shipment goes hand in hand with an improving economy. And to think about what I just mentioned, with the decrease in the number of spot quote shipments, oftentimes a spot quote shipments are averaging 8,000 to 10,000 pounds. So when you've got that mix of business that has now shifted into a percentage of business rather than shifted into our 559 tariff base customers and our larger contractual customers, I think it just reflects the underlying demand for our customers businesses. But we've seen really good performance with our smaller accounts. In recent months, our tariff based business is continuing to improve as a result and actually is trending slightly ahead as a percent of overall revenue than where we were pre pandemic. And then our contractual accounts, which performed well for us all last year, continuing to perform strongly as well. And so they actually are, are picking up a little bit more as well. And we're just seeing the higher balance in both of those categories versus that decrease in the mix from the spot quote. So it's good to see across the board, that when we look at our accounts, and think through that the increase in weight per shipment kind of goes hand in hand with the feedback that we're getting from our sales team that our customers businesses are improving. And there's just the increased demand for widgets out there that's creating freight opportunities for us. And certainly, we're taking advantage of that opportunity with our market share improvements.
Adam Satterfield: Well, obviously, from a top line basis, it's finally going to be turning for us, in the sense of for most of last year we faced the headwind with fuel prices being down in March. It turned if you will. And at this point, we're looking at fuel prices that are about 25% or so higher than where they were in April of last year. So that'll be a good thing from a top line standpoint for us. From a bottom line standpoint, much like we talked about last year, we tried to have our fuel scales, both for our own internal scale, as well as the scales that many of our larger contractual accounts have within their contracts to be somewhat neutral, whether fuel is going up or down, and we stress test those. But we didn't really talk too much about it. Last year, we felt -- when it was decreasing, we felt like, we would minimize the effect on the bottom line, based on the lower end of the fuel scales. And certainly now that it's showing a year over year increase, we'd hope to minimize the effect on the bottom line as well. But just keep managing through that on a customer by customer basis. And looking at what the revenue inputs are, and the cost inputs are to maximize profitability.
Adam Satterfield: Yes. On the autonomous piece, that's something that we feel like that technology is continuing to develop, and we'll continue to look at things. From a regulatory standpoint. I don't know that we ever, it's hard to envision seeing the driverless vehicle on the road, sharing the roadways with passenger autos. But we think that as the technology improves, that it will continue to drive improvements in safety. And certainly could drive some incremental benefit as well. But the technology may get there before it's really allowed from a regulatory standpoint. But something that we'll continue to watch. And obviously is, I think we've got one of the youngest fleets in the industry and are investing year in and year out, we always want to look at whatever safety or efficiency tools are available to us. And we've got the financial strength and ability to invest as those become available, and we feel like are practical to implement within our operation and certainly would be on board with taking advantage of whatever opportunities the manufacturers can come up with.
