David Congdon: Thank you, Earl, and good morning. I'll share Earl's outlook in an industry that is still recovering from a multi-year downturn. We are strongly positioned to gain market share because of the strength that have enabled us to continue to outperform the industry. I also share his confidence that our outstanding team of employees will continue to consistently raise the bar with respect to the execution of our value proposition. In the first quarter, the efforts of our Old Dominion family produced a cargo claim ratio of 0.47% of revenue and an all-time delivery percentage of 99%. Our success at driving density through increased market share in our existing service center network, combined with our disciplined focus on revenue yield, were primarily accountable for the increased operating leverage that produced a 190 basis point improvement in our operating ratio. Our operating ratio for the first quarter of '12 was a first quarter record for our company, which is particularly notable since the comparison was against our previous first quarter record established in 2012. We continued to enhance productivity and efficiency as well. For the first quarter, pickup and delivery shipments per hour increased 2.2%, P&D stops per hour rose 2%, and platform pounds per hour increased 6.9%. Our only -- our laden load average slipped a bit and although only down 1.2% it reflects our ongoing commitment to maintaining and improving on-time service. As we look forward, we expect the OD family will continue to differentiate the company through their execution of our proven business model. On a longer-term basis, we expect to continue to build out our service center network, invest to maintain ample equipment capacity and refine and enhance the services we provide to our customers. By focusing on service, density, yield and productivity, we expect to continue to benefit from the operating leverage inherent in our substantial infrastructure investment. We are always alert to consolidation and other acquisition opportunities, but we are not dependent on them to drive our long-term growth. We have steadily gained market share through our determination to be the service quality leader, and we believe we have successfully differentiated Old Dominion in the market through our commitment to our value proposition. To deliver this proposition, we have refined the capital investment, the technology, the services, the geographic coverage, the integration, the expertise and the service quality required to be competitive in today's LTL industry.  Our continued growth and success shows our -- shows that our customers understand the value of our services. By continuing to deliver these services consistently and effectively, we believe we are well-positioned competitively. As a result, we are confident in our ability to expand our mid-single-digit share of the $40 billion-plus LTL market. In doing so, we expect to achieve continued near and long-term profitable growth, which in turn we expect will produce increased shareholder value. Thanks for being with us today, and now I'll ask Wes to review our financial results for the quarter in greater detail. 
David Congdon: Justin, we're not seeing a lot of major shift -- any major shift in near sourcing yet. But we do a more significant amount of cross-border business going to Canada. And our Mexico business is growing at a better rate than it had in years past. It was kind of floundering for a while, but it's -- actually is growing at this point better than we had seen. It's still not real significant to us though. 
David Congdon: Yes. Todd, that was year-over-year of 70 basis points. And whether it's a trend or an outlying month, we're just not sure at this point whether that -- we just have to keep watching it. But they did, it was well above what we -- our expectations were for that particular cost. As you probably know, we're self-insured for group health so it does fluctuate based on timing of the expenditures and of course the health issues. But it was a 70 basis point effect in the first quarter whether that will continue or not, we're not sure but we will deal with it. If it is, we will -- we'll address that issue. 
David Congdon: Well, some of it is hard. I think we have been putting a lot of emphasis into our wellness programs for a number of years, and all of that has a long-term benefit and you can't really -- all of a sudden you have 5 people or 10 people experience a cancer or a heart attack and open-heart surgery, those huge doctor bills, you can't stop them from happening, there's no way you can really control it. It just sort of -- it is what it is. It was the large claims -- yes, we had a -- we did have, for some reason, a significant number of larger claims, what we call major claims that hit us in the first quarter. 
David Congdon: We don't give guidance on that, Todd. But, as you know, going into the second, third quarter I think we produced results that are at different level. I know, just kind of an analogy if you compare it to a sprinter once you get to a 9 second 100-meter to get to 8.9 becomes incrementally tougher. But given the fact that if the pricing environment remains steady, and we still have density improvements that we can get into the system, there's no reason why we can't continue to improve to produce those results. But it is a tougher and tougher comparison as the year progresses in the second, third quarter. 
David Congdon: I know, 3.6, which is revenue yield, it was negatively impacted by both of those 2 metrics. Such that if we have an algorithm to calculate what the actual pricing was, we would expect it to be above that. And certainly anecdotally, the price increases we're getting from most contractual renewals are in a range that might be above that. 
David Congdon: Just to be specific -- and that was [ph] 2011, we were seeing revenue per hundred weights, excluding fuel surcharge in the second quarter, up 8% in the second, third quarter and up 7% in the fourth quarter. 
David Congdon: So we got really tough comparisons because the anchors on pricing were moved. And so settling back down into a pricing environment that x fuel that's in the, say, 3% to 4% or 5% range is pretty strong yield improvement in my opinion. 
David Congdon: Well, it's difficult to measure. Because even in 2011, you know had -- we had miserable weather as you would probably recall, having experienced it yourself in January and February of 2011. And then we had a very strong sequential March, where our tonnage came back about 8% sequentially, which was at least twice what we expected. So the bottom line for the quarter overall is how much net -- net did the weather impact us. Now I know it impacted us from a cost standpoint because we had probably by 20 basis points with snow removal and record service and all of those kinds of things. But as far as the revenue, it's hard to quantify that compared to this year, and that's one reason January was so strong at 14%, and February was fairly strong and then we had a comparison of March against a very strong recovery March of last year. So it's hard to tell from a revenue impact what the bottom line was. 
David Congdon: John, I think we're not exactly sure what you're asking. I think our market share and our superior service, as you appropriately described, is pretty much there in any market. In fact, sometimes in a downmarket, our view was, and why we continue to invest in this service, was that if the demand is lower that means it may be even more important to get those goods there on time undamaged. So we think that serves us well both in down markets and upmarkets, I'm not sure if that answers your question, if it doesn't just let us know. 
David Congdon: We don't really look at it that way. We don't see a balance between -- I know that there is a relationship between tonnage growth and pricing. And it could be negative, depends upon where it is. But we look at pricing on an individual customer basis, in a profitability basis not only -- trying to increase tonnage by reducing price. We just don't look at it that way. 
David Congdon: I'd like to answer that. This is David. We think that we can continue to improve margins as we are pursuing the growth in our overall market share. We have roughly 5% to 6% of the LTL market today with our stated goal of achieving $3 billion in sales by 2015. That should push our percentage up closer to 10% of the market. And that extra density across the network, which is essentially paid for, I'm sure we'll still have to expand some service centers, but we've made some significant investments over the last couple of years in major health service centers and major end-of-the-line centers that we can leverage as we grow into that additional freight across the LTL network. And also by leveraging our OD Global and OD Expedited business, those opportunities will help feed the network as well. We're implementing additional technologies, and -- to improve operating costs. And also believe that the yield environment, going forward, is going to be positive for our industry because the cost of staying in the game this day and age is really tough. And the barriers to entry are there, where no one is going to enter the LTL business. And so with capacity constraints going forward, continued improvement in demand for our services, I think it's going to bode for a good pricing environment for many years to come. So density improvements with good pricing should enable -- and improvements in operations in technology and so forth should allow us to keep improving our margins. 
David Congdon: Sure is. We've launched Vault Logistics as an independent operating division of Old Dominion in August of 2011. And it's underway and we're growing our Warehousing business as we speak, our Managed Transportation, our Truckload Brokerage and things like that, that are part of Vault Logistics, and we'll continue to focus on that. 
David Congdon: Well, it's both. To the extent that it makes sense for the customer to put freight coming out of the warehouse on an OD truck, we do that. But to the extent that it makes more sense to use another carrier to move the freight, we do it that way. It all depends on each situation with each individual customer. But yes, we're carrier neutral. 
David Congdon: Chicago remains capacity constraint and we're right on the verge of getting our permits to build a new facility in -- out in the Bolingbrook area to relieve that. But that will take roughly 8 or 9 months following the permits. Our other couple of capacity constrained areas, one of which was Indianapolis, we expect to be complete with about a $20 million upgrade, an addition to that facility, moving in, in late September, I think. It's the target date now or mid-September. So that was the other, the second most -- second-worst capacity constraint and we're just now completing an addition of 100 doors in Moorestown, Tennessee, which is adding capacity for further growth in that market. And that is really the only capacity constraints that we have. 
David Congdon: It could be someone [ph], 1% is not a lot. But the one positive is that if the weight per shipment is heavier, that means that the revenue per shipment is also heavier and that's what pays the bills so to speak. So our revenue per shipment was up 6.5%, excluding fuel surcharge. So I think it was right. Excuse me, 4.7%. So that's the positive from the increased weight per shipment. And of course that also implies if the weight per shipment is -- then you have less handling as opposed to 2 shipments as opposed to one bigger shipment. 
David Congdon: Well, the weight per shipment implying higher revenue per shipment, and the fuel surcharge is tied to the revenue per shipment. So, yes, it would be a slightly higher fuel surcharge. 
David Congdon: That weight per shipment implied is kind of flattish at this point, maybe up very slightly, few 10 to 20 basis points but basically flat. Weight per shipment is significantly influenced by the mix of the freight and also by the region. 
David Congdon: The answer is yes. We had some very good productivity metrics that we were -- experienced in the first quarter. And so far in April, we're still seeing those metrics being positive as well. 
David Congdon: To tell the truth, we gave the first guidance on our January -- on our fourth quarter conference call. And we're, as you know, we were seeing 14% in January at that time. So being what we thought was conservative, was -- reducing it to I think that guidance was 11, was 12 to 13. And then maybe we didn't fully realize that as the quarter proceeded that the comparisons got much and much tougher. And that's when we reduced the guidance to 11 to 12 and came in, I mean you can round up to 10, 7 to 11 so we came in pretty much on track. On the other hand, we were too conservative on the revenue per hundredweight initially in January indicating 1.5 to 2.5 and revised that upward to 2.5 to 3.5 and exceeded that upper range. So that came in better and -- than we expected. So all in all, if you look at the tonnage growth and the pricing, overall if you average the 2, it actually is a slight positive. 
David Congdon: David, it's really comes from all over the board. As we've discussed before when we're working with customers, the fact that we do -- we can do regional, interregional, long-haul service all under one company we see where the customer's hurting spot is so we're getting, we may be picking up a Long-haul business and long-haul market share from one customer and medium haul or short-haul from another. The key point is to make sure that you know what your costs are so that you price it right to make a profit. But our growth, the last several quarters I had seen more growth occurring across the top half of the country. But I was looking specifically today at how we're doing in April and we're seeing a growth pretty much uniform across the country. So it's maybe a little bit stronger across the top, but we've got some strong growth across the bottom half of the country as well. So I think our gains are coming from all angles. 
David Congdon: Well, we kind of intentionality backed off several quarters ago from stock quotes and volume. Consequently, our volume tonnage is down about 15% year-over-year, but that was intentional. But if you look at the pricing of that, it's up 15%, even excluding fuel surcharge. So what we're getting is profitable. We haven't seen any real move one way or the other, other than what's our expectations have been, and that's at this point. 
David Congdon: David, I don't have any specifics on the fuel economy of the new tractors versus the old. I can tell you, and I think we've reported earlier, within our discussion earlier on this call that our fuel mileage had improved 3% year-over-year. And the new tractors I think are performing relatively well. So that's all I can really say about that. And as far as natural gas, we're not doing any natural gas trucks at this time. And we don't have any plans to do any in the near future either. 
David Congdon: Yes. It is up. It has been obviously growing but we manage it as if -- we manage it according to all the customers that they bring to the table not over all. So we don't look at logistics as logistics, we look at the profitability of their customers underlying their business. 
David Congdon: Well as we mentioned the laden load average is a major metric, which is a byproduct of the service that you're giving. So in a normal seasonal down period, your tendency could be to affect service by maintaining laden load average. And of course during this whole downturn, we haven't done that. So in order to make sure we improve service to 99% on time, and some cases, obviously, your loads and your schedules may not be quite as full as you'd like but you got to get it there, when you say you got to get it there. So 1.2% reduction isn't major, it does affect your line-haul costs obviously, but it's still is important if you're going to provide 99% on service. That's a commitment that you have to make. 
David Congdon: Our laden load average in the longer haul lanes I think is better than the short-haul lanes because the short-haul lanes you have less of a window. And it has to go. So in the longer-haul lanes, our laden load average typically not only is higher but also may have improved. But the laden load that we give is a combination of the 2. But that is obviously more impacted than the shorter haul lanes where you got less of a window from a service standpoint. 
J. Frye: Thank you, David, and good morning. Old Dominion produced a new company record for quarterly revenues with a 17.6% year-over-year increase to $497 million for the first quarter of 2012. The growth in revenue reflects a 10.7% comparable quarter increase in tons and a 5.5% increase in revenue per hundredweight. Our total tonnage was comprised of a 9.5% increase in shipments and a 1% increase in the weight per shipment. Sequentially, throughout the first quarter, the tonnage growth per day was 14.2% for January, 10.4% for February and against tougher comparison 8.3% for March as compared to the prior-year periods. Though April was not quite completed, we expect tonnage to be up approximately 10% and be in the 9.5% to 10% range year-over-year for the second quarter overall. Revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharge, increased 3.6% for the first quarter. As you would expect, the 1% increase in weight per shipment for the quarter and the 1.7% decline in length of haul had a negative impact on revenue per hundredweight. We expect our revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharge, to increase year-over-year in a range of 2.5% to 3.5% for the second quarter. Old Dominion's operating ratio for the first quarter was at 89.1, 190 basis point better than the first quarter of last year, and as David and Earl mentioned, were record quarters in 2011. Salary and wages and benefits declined 50 basis points as a percent of revenue despite a wage increase of 3% implemented in September of 2011 and a 70 basis point year-over-year increase in our group health expenditures for the quarter. Operating supplies and expense declined 50 basis points, largely due to a lower equipment repair cost and a 3% improvement in our miles per gallon. Insurance and claims declined 20 basis points as a percent of revenue due to a favorable cargo plane experience. Capital expenditures for the first quarter totaled approximately $89.4 million. And we currently expect total CapEx for 2012 to be in the range of $300 million to $350 million, including real estate expenditures of $90 million to $120 million, equipment expenditures of $195 million to $210 million and technology expenditures of $15 million to $20 million. For 2011, we again expect to fund much of these expenditures through cash flow, our cash balance of $54 million at the end of the first quarter and our available operating [ph] capacity. We had approximately $150 million of availability on our 5-year revolving credit facility at the end of the quarter. As Earl mentioned, our already strong financial position improved during the first quarter. Total debt to total capitalization was 22.5% at the quarter's end, a 140 basis point improvement from 23.9% at the end of 2011. With full implementation of our existing CapEx planned for 2012, which is subject to availability and timing of real estate, we currently expect our total debt to total capitalization to be in the range of 24% to 26% at the end of year ending 2012. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2012 was 39.5% and we anticipate an effective tax rate of 39.5% for the remainder of 2012. And this concludes our prepared remarks this morning. Operator, we'll be happy to open the floor to any questions at this time. 
J. Frye: Yes -- into April, we're still seeing a very steady economy. I think not only is the weight per shipment still positive but the frequency of shipments, our number of shipments are still strong. And again, we have to say how much of that is economy and how much of that is market share, it's hard to distinguish. But still, we still think that the economy, as David had mentioned in his comments, is still pretty steady and we get that same anecdotal feedback from our customers. 
J. Frye: I will start off. Our tonnage grows at 10.7%, was up against 18.4% last year. So remember that was a very tough comparison. We're not seeing the yields or the pricing competitiveness become stronger in any big way. There's always been spotty competitiveness and spotty irrationality in our industry for the last 20 years. But we feel like the pricing environment remains stable and good. And also believe that it will remain so going forward. 
J. Frye: The other comment I'll make about pricing is that in the -- I'd say the third quarter of 2011, I might get my years mixed up, of 2011 and fourth quarter, those were periods of time when just after a couple of our large competitors changed their tune on pricing and started raising prices significantly -- that was '10, I'm sorry, I got my years mixed up -- but that was in the third and fourth quarters of '10. And so therefore, in the -- we were seeing dramatic improvements in yield during the fourth quarter of '10. The first and second quarters of '11. So we've got some pretty tough comparisons on a year-over-year basis. 
J. Frye: And we see our growth settling in on tonnage for April and maybe for the second quarter the guidance we gave just a moment ago was 9.5% to 10.5%. 
J. Frye: Well, the insurance on the group health, the effect of it was about $3 million more than what we would have expected and what our normal trends in that cost would be. Again as I mentioned and reiterate, we hope that, that was an outlying with just a lot of large claims coming in that contact time. But we can't be totally sure of that. But that was the net impact in the first quarter. 
J. Frye: That's a real hard question to answer because it does vary from some service centers based on weight per door, per day. And that's the way -- the only way we've ever tried to measure the capacity of centers. And when we look at the centers that are at capacity, where we're busting at the seams, we tend to see somewhere in the 17,000, 18,000 pounds, per door, per day category. But we have some centers that are in the 2,000 and 3,000 pound per day. They might -- it might be a little place like St. George, Utah that's -- got loads of capacity and then some in the middle that might have -- might be doing 8,000 or 9,000 pounds per day which would imply they have 50% to go. And the last time I did the math on it, I think their average was about -- the average of all service centers of the peak, which is the top, which is 18,000 pounds a day. We were somewhere around 65% or 70%. That's not a perfect science, believe me. 
J. Frye: And also it depends on whether you're a big inbound location or an outbound location because if you're in Florida and you're heavier inbound it requires more doors to process an inbound operation than it does an outbound, a heavy outbound operation. So it's -- that's why it's not a perfect science, it's -- but that's how we look at it. 
