Efrain Rivera: Hey Jason that’s a good question, I think I would get it bad upside the head if I said the stock price wasn’t attractive. 
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I try to. We purchase opportunistically, so that’s part of what our plan is. You know on the M&A front, I think there is an element of that advance was a nice acquisition, but I would say as I had been saying now for a number of months and finally we have some evidence of this, the pipeline is robust. So, we see a lot of opportunities for M&A in spaces we like at prices we like. So, I think it’s a combination of all those factors.
Efrain Rivera: Well this is a good question, as you know it was interesting about advance, now I’m going to exclude purchase accounting because that will obviously impact it, but if you look at it from an EBITDA margin, what was really unusual about the business was it was pretty comparable to where Paychex was which is saying something. I mean we look at lot of acquisitions, we run into very few that have very solid growth, very solid margins. They’ve built a great business, not a flash in the pant, they’ve been at it for almost 20 years with the strong track record of growth. 
Efrain Rivera: The other thing I would add Daniel is just to put it in context, if I exclude sure and frankly if I include it doesn’t really change what I’m about to say 90+ percent of our clients are on either Flex or on Sure’s platform, which frankly is the hybrid of core Advance and their own platform. So it’s not a huge part of the base, obviously we are selling primarily midmarket clients on the new platform, yes.
Efrain Rivera: I don’t know if more M&A it was always difficult to talk about a pipeline that no one saw except me, or Marty and I, but I think I would say the margin I wouldn’t say will be on an accretive or in acquisition tier here. But I said the margin we have more things lined up closer to being executed than we have in the past. So, you’ll see it, now just before that gets misinterpreted they’re primarily tuck-in, I would say that that advance is a good example of the kinds of things that we’re looking at we’re not looking at large scale transformative M&A. But there are better opportunities out there and we’re looking at opportunities to fill out what products set and tuck-in to existing businesses.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, this is the perennial question. I think S.K. look we try to balance it, obviously if we can get much faster growth and sacrifice a little bit of margin, we’d look at that. But the life doesn’t present those need dichotomies, a lot of what we look at is are acquisitions that we think at least won’t be dilutive to our margins when we run across businesses that that we think have good growth prospects and I point to Payroll as an example of that where when we initially bought it was dilutive to margins and now it’s catching up to our margins. If we have a chance to improve the margins then we’ll take a bit onto to get something that will improve growth and help us to improve and we could improve the margins over time.
Efrain Rivera: We’re just getting from mid-cap partners. Yes I’d just say if I heard your question correctly that they’re on an EBITDA basis pretty close to Paychex corporate margins.
Efrain Rivera: Okay, two good questions. So Kartik the simple answer is that it depends on the shape of the yield curve and if the yield curve steepens then you have one portfolio strategy approach and if the yield curve stays relatively flat you have another. So we look at that in the spring so that’s why I can’t say definitively, hey, this is what it look like in 2017. In addition I would like to see if the Fed does do something in the spring. It will certainly aid the portfolio, just the question is how much and how we configure the portfolio. On the $2 million, I don’t think that that’s far off Kartik. The only trick and the reason why I call out $1 million is that, number one, we don’t really expect to see too much benefit except through, I’m sorry until sometime in January. It’s not the best timing because our balances increase significantly in December and beginning of January by that time we’ll be passed the peak of our balance. So we don’t get quite as much by the time you’re talking February before we start to see a lot of the - some of the benefits you don’t have that many months left in the year. So that’s part of what’s guiding. And the final thing I would say is that if you’re looking at for example money market rates and what banks are doing, the effects of the interest rate increase are really slow rolling. They will eventually get there but it’s kind of a slow role at this point.
Efrain Rivera: No, I guess what I was trying to say was that, it doesn’t alter the guidance significantly. I am calling it out, it’s about $1 million. It just doesn’t change significantly where we are at in terms of the guidance on interest rates.
Efrain Rivera: Hey, look, you’re right Gary, that’s absolutely right. I’m not trying to be excessively conservative. I obviously I’m somewhat gun sighted and tell people we think that that’s exactly what’s going to happen. And I’ll tell you I’ll be the happiest person around if that’s where we end up. I’m extremely hopeful but you’re right that’s exactly what would happen that would ripple through those short term portfolio and have a pretty significant impact on stock.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. That’s primarily the financing part of the business. So it would be HRS then we’ll have to figure out longer term kind of where it goes. The other part just to anticipate a question someone will ask, the other part is payroll services. The business is split pretty evenly between the two.
Efrain Rivera: I think it’s both so Jeff, so how you can figure the portfolio not going to long digression here for you. But what ADP does is different than what we do. They borrow short-term, they invest long-term, we don't do that to a significant extent, we just haven't seen the value add in recent years to do that, but the shape of a yield curve really has a big impact on why do you do that or you don't do that. And so we’re little bit and wait and see. We think our internal betting is that Fed will probably raise again in the spring and then it'll start to become a little bit more clear to us what the shape of that yield curve is going to be, so we can plan into 2017. So, it’s a little bit above.
Efrain Rivera: That’s correct Ashwin that’s the point, so we could characterize it in a number of different ways. But the guidance ranges that we give even with all those changes at this point we don't anticipate significant change from what we said at the beginning of the year.
Efrain Rivera: Yes I think that one, Ashwin I think that it will be sold by a specific sales force, it may be referred and it very much will be referred by the broader sales force but that sale is very specific to and something that Advanced has done a very good job on is having highly trained sales reps who bring a proper risk client risk profile client to them then it goes through underwriting as well. So that's why I think they've done a very good job on a risk. So it won't have to - we won’t have to train our entire sales force, we’ll look for them, we’ll train them on the opportunity and the product. But just to get the referral to the other - to a specific sales force that will evaluate the risk profile of the opportunity and then bring it to underwriting.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, typically you’re not seeing that sales growth probably for another 4 to 6 months going forward. So there is a bit of a lag some of it you see as soon as two to three months some of it a little bit longer cycle, because you have to set clients up. So you start to see that translating into 2017 sales.
Efrain Rivera: I think it’s a little bit higher than that Sara, but not dramatically higher. We never thought that we’d get a 100% adoption in the base, because there are other solutions out there. So, I think we’re trending above certainly about 50%, but it's not a 100%. And we don't anticipate that it will be.
Efrain Rivera: No, no. Yes no we didn’t I mean whatever we said at the beginning of the year is still holding we’re above in sales that’s particularly on the Payroll side. So that's true, when we call out higher sales expense is not headcount, it’s because our sales are variable and so if we anticipate that sales is going to have a good selling season, which is what we believe will happen and we rarely talk about it that way. We’re little bit more cautious than we just bump expenses and so right now in this street models that I have seen in third quarter we’re not taking into account that selling expense so.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I guess Mark, I will go through the arithmetic, but I think the thing always to remember is that our retention averages about 86%. So, yield a little bit of it of effect this year and then you get the rest of it next year in order for you - when people ask this question, in order for you to start accelerating up to double-digit you’d have to really have appeared a multi-year period of very strong sales performance. Now we hope we’re somewhat on that trend, but you need more than one to make it occur. That's part A. Part B of the explanation, which is going to lead me to part C, part B is simply to say that sales is one component of the equation, obviously retention is the other component of the equation and how the pieces of that fit together we put together a plan tells me where sales growth is going to go. You have seen that in the last three years certainly even excluding the impacts of the minimum premium plan, we've seen revenue bump up because sales the leading indicator has been growing, so I see it as simply that I will have to get to 17 when I give you guidance, but I think we feel good. If we see this sales growth continuing through the year that's going to be a positive for next year.
Efrain Rivera: We don't disclose it. What's tricky about that is, if I were to give you a number I'd have to say also then that ESR cuts both ways in that it represents an opportunity for additional sales but it's also other sales we might not get because people are focused on selling it and there's tremendous amount of demand so it's buried in the HRS number and that's about as far as we will go.
Efrain Rivera: No that's Mark, so I called out very carefully the balance of the year and I think Tim asked earlier, so I called out a 1% increase for the balance of the year on service revenue and 1.5% for HRS for the balance of the year as Tim mentioned earlier is about five months or so that we expect so no actually the business is evenly split between payroll services, what we would consider payroll services revenue and funding, which we're going to lump into HRS for now until we figure out where a better category is for it.
Efrain Rivera: Well what we disclosed the cash flow you guys can determine how reasonable price is, but we thought it was a reasonable price for the prospects of the business. It is fairly rare, I would say that.
Efrain Rivera: As to the other thing Mark just to build on what Marty said we remained interested in building out the international portion of the business and M&A is also focused on looking at those opportunities too. Yes.
Efrain Rivera: We don't really break it down to that level but it definitely has helped our attachment rate at the beginning of the sale. Our old approach was, we will sell payroll. This particularly the small businesses we will sell you payroll and then come back with different sales forces and this team selling now with the 20 employee or so size has really gone much better. It's still early in the process, but we're seeing nice results where the clients not only is it we're selling more of a complete bundle, but also the clients have a, they're happier because they weren't looking for just payroll. They were looking for more and we're being able to satisfy them the right way I think up front, but we don't really break it down much more than that. Anything you want to? Okay.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, they are still very, very strong. So, just to remind you what is varied, or not varied, what’s included in nature as, so you got insurance services, you got HR outsourcing, you have retirement services and you have actually online services and I will just remind everyone that when we had the Investor Day I said, we really need to kind of think about how we represent Payroll services going forward because it really doesn’t capture the activity that’s going on in that segment of revenue. Having said all of that PEO still is relatively small as a percentage of revenue for the company as a whole and even within HRS it’s still certainly well south of 50%, but it is growing very, very rapidly, faster, much faster than HRS is growing as a whole. 
Efrain Rivera: I think obviously employee share responsibility helps too. So that is part of the equation there, but if I look at all of the different sales forces and the products that they sell, the combined effect is really strong we don’t have sales forces that - we don’t have any that are performing under where we expect. So, we got a lot of cylinders hitting all at once. 
Efrain Rivera: Thanks Tian Jing for asking the question. Everyone is figuring out. So, yes we are going to anticipate somewhere in that 9% range.
Efrain Rivera: Yes Glenn. So, what I was trying to do was carefully parse two things, first tell you what growth looked like before I added in Advanced Partners right, so I talked about that and then after I did that, I said okay, after you have gotten that right because you got to get your models right than what will Advance include when it is closed? So that is when I said in the balance of the year whatever your models say based on what I guided you to you are going to get about 1% in the balance of the year for payroll service revenue growth and 1.5% for HRS growth in the balance of the year and was clarified that that’s probably going to be about five months or so. So, I just was trying to say the overlay of Advance looks like that. When you put all that together with guidance we’ve given for the year, we’re still overall within the range of guidance that we provided for the year. 
Martin Mucci: Yes, this is Marty Jason. I think we’re feeling very good. We’ve got great sales momentum. It has continued Q1 and Q2 double-digit par growth, and we would expect that to continue. This is a really important quarter obviously for us from a sales perspective, but we’re going in with great momentum, and in particular in the mid market, very strong in the mid market and this is something that the product development work and the technology has been so important for Flex, and we’re really seeing that payoff now. We’re really seeing very strong results on the mid market, even as competition is out there pretty consistently and we’ve talked about that, we’re really seeing very positive results from a growth perspective in what’s sold. So, we’re going and feeling good about it. We feel like the product work that we’ve done and some of it here this last quarter is when we introduced really the fully integrated time and attendance and a benefitted administration into Flex, positions us extremely well for this selling season and frankly ongoing future quarters.
Martin Mucci: New business - yes, I am sorry, yes in fact our sales from new businesses is up, quite a bit stronger than last year, so while the small business index would say that it is pretty consistent from an employment growth, I would say sales to new businesses are up a bit. So, we are feeling pretty good about that. I wouldn’t say it is a huge surge, but it is certainly consistent and up a few points from last year at this time. So, I think that’s very positive. 
Martin Mucci: Yes. We feel, obviously very good about the opportunity as well. So, not only is it a good margin business, but as Efrain said, the leadership team there is staying with us and being part of Paychex and they’ve built it over time I think very carefully and very strategically and certainly very profitably. So, we think it’s going to fit in extremely well, and we think that with our access to capital and product, we’ll be able to accelerate in distribution. We’re going to be able to accelerate their growth even more.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think - at this point, we are not forcing it. I think we are doing it the way we had hoped, which is, this is attracting new clients and accelerating those sales by the way to new clients and it’s attracting current clients to come over. So, we’re presenting that if you want -- you have certain needs from the product that if you want to migrate over you can, we’re not pushing that too hard yet and we’re not necessarily putting it kind of a drop dead date on migrations. It’s always better to be on the newest platform, but frankly the existing platform is satisfying a lot of needs for existing clients and many of them don’t like to move. So, I think that’s - we don’t have a certain date, but we are going to handle it kind of carefully and we are going let the clients at this point do probably most of the moment and we’re feeling good about that. Certainly the new sales, the majority, particularly in the mid-market are all on Flex and that’s going extremely well.
Martin Mucci: Yes, yes, it’s just, that’s basically what's causing the growth rate to drop a bit in addition to PEO, I won’t quantify it any more than that, but we periodically take pricing in different segments of the business. HRS is a little different than Payroll where, Payroll it’s pretty typical every year, HRS we look at different products and try to gauge where market has decided to take some of those actions last year and didn’t repeat this year.
Martin Mucci: Okay yes, sorry just couldn’t make it out. The - I feel very good about. I mean when you’re carrying the kind of momentum, the good thing about selling season when you're heading into it is, how did you kind of start the year and particularly Q2 for that’s kind of the beginning of it as you get into October and November is very good. So when you’re seeing double-digit growth in par we had an increase in sales reps, but it was pretty small single-digit kind of increase that we normally have. To see double-digit and what we’re selling in the par revenue that we’re selling consistently in Q1 and Q2 we feel good about Q3. And about the selling season now you never know till you are kind of through January, but we feel very good about it, we got full product suite. We got full onboard of reps of sales reps, we got very consistent driving leadership that’s there. So, everything is very favorable for what we feel will be a very good selling season, great momentum going in.
Martin Mucci: This quarter, I would say lot of that was just primarily driven by a lower operating expense in the quarter. So we went into the quarter with a certain expectation around what we needed in terms of operating expenses came out a bit a little bit later than we anticipated that’s really the primary driver.
Martin Mucci: I won't go any further than calling out what we typically say that on payroll we’re getting 2% to 4% price increase where you can assume that’s in that range. We don’t typically call out HRS, because it varies year-to-year. So, we’re getting some price increase it’s not certainly as good as I mentioned on a call as what we got last year. The other thing I would say to Rina is, one of the things that’s occurring, particularly on the Payroll side is with the sales force able to sell more full-featured packages, especially under 50 you get some mix benefit too. So all of those things help our revenue per client picture.
Martin Mucci: I think if you mean by consolidating acquiring more I think, I mean we feel good this was a really good fit for us. As Efrain mentioned we had a big pipeline that we look at and that we look at this company here they are outsourcing support Payroll fund and funding support to small and midsize staffing companies like 7,500 staffing companies placing 200,000 times a year. This is a nice business that there's a number of - there's a few businesses that do this, but nobody as much I think to this scale and have done it very thoughtfully over the years. I think as we look at the business we've got clients with staffing companies that I think are great opportunities for the funding side of the business for them and I think we've got a lot of products that we could offer to their clients I think this is a good fit we’re going to see how this goes, but we’re always looking to say hey if it make sense both from our standpoint and from theirs as well from their leadership. I think there maybe some count consolidation efforts that are available out there.
Martin Mucci: I don’t think so, I think we’re always looking for, as Efrain said this has got a good strong margin to it that's close to ours it's got a nice solid growth. I don't think it really changes the risk profile much, I think one of the great things that they did frankly was had very good risk policies and procedures to be sure. This is a bit of a trickier business to be sure you're handling the right risk and you’re taking on the right risk and they just done a done a remarkable job. And I think with our risk team, our risk management team working with them I think we can help that even more with more tools and more information. So I don’t think it really changes the risk profile at all.
Martin Mucci: I think I would say steady if she goes on HRS growth. I think it certainly is helping. It still remains to be seen after the first filing day where clients fall out and are they going to stay with it, are more clients going to come in. I think some will fall out that probably we’ll say, hey, I didn’t need it and I think others will say I should have had it and we will add. So I think we’ll still have good sales with ESR, the ACA product through 2016 kind of calendar year because I think some things will fall out, I think some clients will fall out and realize they should have had the product and then didn’t file because we’re already getting calls like that now like, hey what do I do and it’s a little bit late to gather all that information. So I think it’s a little bit early but it’s very positive. We’ve seen great acceptance of the product and frankly as we mentioned in the prepared comments, we’ve had to ramp up some cost in the quarter just to kind of handle all of the inflow of data and everything the clients are giving us. So I think it will still be a positive right through the calendar year.
Martin Mucci: Sure. I think it will take a little bit of time. I think we kind of make sure that we’re bringing the clients along carefully. We are paying close attention now. The operations team and the client retention teams talking to those clients realize a net benefit than we make the sale of the additional products and turn on those additional modules. The biggest benefit is when you’re selling the entire product combined to the new clients but we’re certainly going back and marketing to the base that you now have available more modules that you can turn on. So I think there is certainly an opportunity there but we’re not going to rush it and blitz the base. We are letting the clients, did comfortable with Flex and then show them that there is additional modules which will help not only sales but retention, more importantly as well.
Martin Mucci: I think there is some expansion and the fact that as we’ve talked about the need for the total product set has come down. So I think there is more clients in that 50 plus, maybe 50 to 150 employees that are needing more product and more services and they are out. They may have been on an in-house solution and that was much more simple and they needed more, they needed time and attendance, they needed HR administration, they needed benefits administration. So I think that I do think the market is expanding a bit in the fact that who needs the complete suite of services which has been positive, but also think obviously we are taking share from some competitors as well. Even though there is more competitors out there and talking about things, I think we’ve seen little bit more share we are taking now as we have a complete product at HCM suite of cloud based SaaS services.
Martin Mucci: Yes, it would be, so yes assuming we close this month, which we in or like we would we’ll do we expect to close shortly, yes you would have two months in Q3 and then three months in Q4.
Martin Mucci: No, we review pricing along all of our businesses and periodically in HRS in particular don’t necessarily in a given year increased the price, but may increase it so…
Martin Mucci: No we just, we try to figure out what, we do a lot of work on pricing to figure out what makes sense, so we don't end up having an attrition or retention problem.
Martin Mucci: I think, now we’ve done a good job on the risk is we handle it very carefully and I think the sales and the risk management team there that worked very well together, which is what we expect and they’ve done a good job. Things went very successful, I think it’s fairly limited to the area, but it's done well and I think we’re always looking at ways to expand it if that opportunity presents itself and so we’re very open to doing that.
Martin Mucci: It took on a little faster than revenue, it probably will continue to grow a little bit faster than revenue, it just was growing at significantly higher than revenue growth. So, I think it's moderated a bit. But I think if you lead technology enabled services business tech spending is going to outpace revenue growth at least over the intermediate term that will do that for us and that’s just the price of being in the business. And we have to we look at other ways to leverage the business to ensure that we deliver the bottom line.
Martin Mucci: It’s an interesting - I think it’s a little bit of both. I mean always we’re looking for to drive top line growth and continue to leverage and being a very profitable company it makes the M&A very tight the selection very tight and give it at a very valuable good value. So, I think it's a little bit of both I think we can expand what we saw was a great opportunity just as you said to take what their products are and expanded to a number of clients that we have that are staffing firm small to midsize staffing firms. And we think that's an immediate benefit and then also adding more, not only product to what they're offering, but the access to capital. This business needs capital, access to capital to be able to continue to grow the funding business and we certainly have that not only in cash, but in access to more capital besides. So, we think between the two of them we can accelerate their growth and therefore our growth and do it at a very profitable, a very profitable way to do it. So this was a perfect fit for us. And it’s very much focused on that small to midsize staffing from which there's thousands 10,000 of them, and I think they had a very decent market share, but still a lot of room to grow. So very good and we think that temporary staffing business frankly is going to continue to grow we’re seeing part-time employment is growing almost 3 percentage points in the last two years. So we think that with overtime rules ACA and a number of other requirements the staffing business and temporary employee business is going to continue to grow and we want to be part of it.
Martin Mucci: I think just generally all those, they all encourage or they tend to encourage most of them investment new business startups and existing businesses to invest more in their business and to give some tax benefit for that. I think that's all positive all makes the economy stronger, I think the fact that those had expired I think would have dampen investment in particularly in small to midsize businesses. So, I think they’re all positive. I don’t think it was any one that would stand out to us to be that big of a benefit. But they certainly are all positive for the overall business environment.
Martin Mucci: The other thing Ashwin that that we liked about the business was that as I said, approximately half of what they sell are services that were very, very, very familiar with. So they are selling Payroll and Outsourcing services, but in a particular vertical, which happens to be these staffing firm. So, the profile really is not significantly different, other than the funding piece of that that we think they do exceptionally well.
Martin Mucci: I don't think that one has an impact very much on our small to midsize businesses, I don't think you usually, they won't normally run into that that issue. So, I don't think, it will it’s, I do think it's going to be a very interesting still a year calendar year ahead of us in 2016 for the Affordable Care Act products right now, because I said, I did mention certainly that the demand has been very strong and in fact we've added some expense to support all that inflow of data from clients. And I think that the sales will kind of some clients may say hey after the filing date I don't always need this I don't need this product others will realize that they did need it and there will be another, kind of surge in sales I think in 2016. So I think the sales are still continue to be pretty strong in a calendar year 2016.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think first of all where new businesses small businesses and those who are starting up typically don't go through a bank for their credit anyway. So, I don't think they will be too impacted by a number of increases that until it gets much higher. So, I don't think we’re going to see a big impact on small business to start. They usually use other funding sources and so forth. So, I don’t think a big impact there. I think midsize businesses that are more capital intensive that need to borrow, we’ll see some impact as the rates start to go up. But in the near future it's hard to anticipate that they’re going to up enough to drive that much impact to them, Efrain.
Martin Mucci: We’ve thought about it. It’s a pretty crowded space out there with a number of companies out there doing it and we have we continue to look at that as an opportunity we are - we have some partnership with this to credit and to do some referrals with them but we’ve continue to look at the business as well. But it is a pretty crowded space these days.
Martin Mucci: Yes pretty good so far at this point. We’re feeling good when we talked earlier about a price increase and we held our price increase, we’ve held the increase well and our retention has been near it’s historic best. And so it’s early, because you really get that best sense at the end of December and into January, but at this point we feel good about it, our retention is continuing to hold.
Martin Mucci: No, but it’s strong. I would just say this Bryan, so I called out higher sales expense, because I typically don’t do, because it’s - we’ve got a range and frankly the street can figure out what that range is. But I would say through the first six months when we where preparing for the call we had a discussion about whether to call it out, because some quarters you have better sales growth and you have than others. But given the strength of what we’ve seen in the back six months and in our planning process we thought we had to add to selling expense, because they are up to a very strong start, so it's strong by our standards. Yes.
Martin Mucci: Yes, not very, I mean obviously I guess this is counter currency, I haven’t looked at where they were in 2008 or 2009, but they’ve had a pretty steady track record of growth. You can argue that one thing take a downturn you actually have slightly increased demand for temporary versus full-time employees. So, but their growth patterns been a pretty steady that was one of the thing that we looked at.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I would think party it would be consistent depending on which area and so forth we're getting into studying that now and we will actually after selling season, but I think we would continue to probably increase a little bit more. You may see a little bit more virtual because that's where we've seen the growth in last few years, but there's still field resources would continue to go up as well.
Martin Mucci: Germany has continued to I think do well the client base is really getting up their performances so sales performance is good and retention is very good. So, I think we’re doing well there and Brazil has just been slower than we expected a number of things have changed the economy is not as strong there’s some political stuff going on in the legislation that we expected that would be more of a disruptor, which was requiring more electronic filing for small businesses, it’s been delayed now for a couple years. We expect it still get done, but it’s taking longer so that disruption to drive more Payroll from accounts into a third party has been slower much slower to happen than we expected.
Martin Mucci: First of all as Efrain said the majority of the clients are on Flex. What I should say is the mid market that 50 plus it's more interested the full bundle of the suite of complete suite of products, so Flex can be payroll only, it can be a complete bundle of services and we're seeing bigger uptake in the bundle for those probably even 20 and above because that need has come down, so I think it's just Time and Attendance for example. In the past, you'd be pretty good size necessarily in employee before you'd be interested Time and Attendance now with overtime rules Affordable Care Act, and also by the way the technology of Time and Attendance, there's just a much greater need for it. Clients want it. It's easier, you can do it on your mobile Approximately, now client employees can punch in and out on their phone. So, I think the need has driven down in size and the technology and our breadth of products and mobility has made it a lot easier for clients to incorporate it into their businesses. So, I think the impact there is that the majority of clients are on Flex and the 20 plus, 30 plus employee clients are taking much more of a full suite or some portion of that suite of products.
Martin Mucci: Yes, so David if you'll look at our average client size, we're balancing around 17 or so and it's really nothing more than the fact that under 50, we were having a lot of more growth than we were in previous years and you have a tendency there that has a tendency to depress the number of checks per client. If I same-store it you're at somewhere between 0-1%, so because checks per client are not really a significant contributor, we really just don't call it out so that's basically the dynamic of what's occurring. As you grow that you tend to see that impact.
Martin Mucci: Good point and I think that’s a fair point. It’s early in the cycle so it’s in the end we were start skewing higher than you would see that pop up. But it’s going to take a little bit of time before you start to see that.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think it is a very strong market for the product particularly with the Affordable Care Act and the need for HR, more HR because of the regulations and so forth. So, yes it continues to be very strong demand. 
Martin Mucci: I think the mid market is the strongest if you look at that that’s been the biggest strong and the PEO and the HR outsourcing have been particularly as Efrain has mentioned. So, I think overall though as we’ve seen nice growth in all of the sales forces, nice par growth, but the leaders have been at this stage the mid market and they have - remember they have a much fuller product suite now and two components were just added, fully integrated and so they are selling much of higher revenue per client and their - its success is up.
Martin Mucci: No, just continue to be strong and selling season will kind of tell the tale, but it continues to be very strong and frankly has picked up in some parts of the country where we’ve added more reps where we were not selling as much PEO. So, I think the demand there is still good and looks sustainable. 
Martin Mucci: I think it is sustained, I think it is up a little stronger, particularly in the mid-market, but it sustained double digit for at least the last few quarters. So, I would say it is up a little bit, but it is certainly, you know and that is good thing it is not like it popped up one quarter and then it slowed down. We have seen some nice momentum going into the selling season here.
Martin Mucci: Okay, I think that’s all the questions. At this point we will close the call. If you are interested in replaying the webcast of this conference call, it will be achieved until approximately January 22. Thank you for taking the time to participate in our second quarter press release conference call and for your interest in Paychex. We very much appreciate that. We wish you all very happy holiday season. Thank you.
Gary Bisbee: But if - in the guidance, but if the Fed did view what the Fed folks say which is in next calendar year at 1.375%, I understand that it depends on the shape of the yield curve but you do have about half the float in overnight stuff that we value pretty quickly. So we can start to see that really benefit if they do go through with that.
Gary Bisbee: Okay, good. I think the way you do it makes sense. And then just one question on ACA driven demand, I know in the last few years, HRS has been real strong as you’ve had a broad halo effect, more customers are interesting in considering their options in Europe trusted source they turn to. But is - should we think of the ACA compliance offering as having been a significant part of bookings and something that could drive some real acceleration in calendar 2016 or should we think because I know ADP’s talk that way [indiscernible] even with their ACA compliance have seen just massive bookings growth or should we think that within the broader HRS portfolio it’s certainly a positive factor but just one of many and more steady as she goes continued strong growth.
Gary Bisbee: Great. And then just one quick one, as you add on these incremental components to the Flex offering, should we think of it as an material revenue opportunity to have existing customers turn those on or is there more of a sales effort that will take some time to drive that incremental revenue as you add these important components. Thank you.
David Grossman: Hi thank you. I had a throughout four minute so if this should been answered we can take you to offline. But just had a couple of very quick follow-up…
David Grossman: Right, I guess I was just trying to reconcile that with your commentary about some of the growth momentum in your new bookings it’s being driven by MMS and…
David Grossman: Right and then the second question I had was on HRS, I think I understand the impact of the retirement services pricing action. However, what if anything maybe going on in the underlying PEO business, just curious what the trends are in that business relative to where they’ve been because they have been relatively strong, I think we can agree it so.
