Jon Judge: Great, thanks, John and thanks to everyone on the call for spending time with us today and happy holidays. I’ll just add a few comments and then John and I’d be happy to entertain your questions. When I look back on the quarter, I come up with the same phrase that most of you did in your Pre-Analyst call release and that phrase was solid quarter or better yet solid quarter with results that beat Street expectations. We’re obviously still fighting our way through the economic headwinds just like everyone else, but as you can tell by looking at our results we’re definitely focused, we’re in the fight and we’re managing the things we can manage quite well. I’m very proud of our team as you can probably tell. The fundamentals of our business are very strong. Our client satisfaction remains the gold standard of the industry. Our product line is second to none. Our ability we’re attracted and retain very high quality employees remains excellent and our relationships to our key business partners are also excellent. The major fact was holding us back from normal Paychex’s record breaking performances are the same four issues that we’ve talked with you about before. Those four are the unemployment rates, the interest rates, business failures, and new business originations. Those four factors account for nearly 100% of the difference between performing at our business model of 12 and 15 and where we are currently executing. To a certain extent, that’s actually pretty good news. It’s good because we’re not losing to competitors and its good because those issues will abate and we’re starting to see some sign that’s the abatement has started. Look at unemployment. While the national unemployment rate hit its highest point, since 1983 in October at 10.2 before edging down to 10.0 in November. The average monthly job loss number last quarter was only 87,000 versus 445,000 the same quarter last year or 307,000 just the prior quarter, clearly getting better. Our clients new hire reporting was still negative by 30% better this quarter than it was last and last quarter was better than the one prior the to that and check per client was also better this quarter versus last. The Fed fund rates stayed at essentially zero versus 1% this time last year, but we’ll be at rate parody by the end of December and we’ll start to see some relief in terms of the drag that’s been on our compares. Both business failures and new business creation numbers are also improving as John mentioned. This is all not to say that the world will be back to normal tomorrow, but I like the trend. In the meantime we’ll stay focused on managing those things that we can manage and continue to invest in our business while delivering solid results for our shareholders. As I look to the future, I’m pretty optimistic. The labor markets will lease, the interest rates will rise, bankruptcies and business failures will decline, new business formation will get back on track and when that happens we’ll be back talking about record breaking financial results again. I’d be happy to take some questions now. John as well, takes any comments or questions that you have.
Jon Judge: On the selling season, we’re just right into it that the big part of our selling season is December, January. So, we’re sort of right in the middle of it and it’s a little bit early for me to tell you how I think it’s going to play out. We’ve done all the things that we need to do to get ourselves ready. We’re not seeing anything dramatically different in terms of pricing pressure or those types of things. It’s pretty much what we’ve been seeing for the last I’d say six to 12 months. So, but again, it’s a little bit too early to give you an indication how it’s going to play out because we’re right in the middle of it. We do a fairly amount of our business in December and January. So, while we have been answer that will be better next time we get together, but I can tell you that in terms of feet on the street, the amount of our territories that are filled, the training that we’ve done for our people, the preparation that we’ve done for the season, the relationships we have with our business partners, all of those things are in very good shape and I think it’s just going to boil down to how robust is the buying season because we’re ready for the selling season.
Jon Judge: We basically last year ended the year around 23% loss factor and probably still are pretty close to that.
Jon Judge: This is Jon Judge. On the insurance premiums, there’s no issue going on out there right now. You’ll see a little bit of rate increase from time-to-time, but there’s nothing dramatic going on to talk about. Our PEO business is very healthy. We’re actually in a growth mode right now in the PEO business. So there’s nothing going on there that I would tell you that were negative in anyway and the business itself is running pretty well.
Jon Judge: When I do a comparison year-over-year, I’ve got pretty much apples-to-apples. When I want to take a look and see what did checks per client do in the second quarter compared to the first quarter I’ve got apples and oranges because in the summer you’ve got summer help. Each one of these quarters has a little bit of individual wall city to it. So basically we take a look at it and we understand some of the seasonal factors and the question we have is did checks per client is the net number, stay constant. Now, at the end of the first quarter, we told you, I took ten people voting, I might get ten different votes. This time, we looked at it and we’re pretty sure that basically in looking at what we’ve got to adjust for the numbers stayed constant. That’s a good thing when that stays constant because that means the number isn’t continuing to erode.
Jon Judge: The comparisons will get better. To give you an example, went from 5.2 to 5.0 in the first quarter and that sounds like it got better, but it was so close, we looked at it, probably were still deteriorating slightly. In this quarter, was I think 3.7, we looked at it. We think, it stayed the same, but that’s pretty much what normally happens.
Jon Judge: Last year was down about the same. When you get down to measuring within 1,000 or 2,000 clients on a 500,000 plus you’re into, it is what it is and it’s not a major shift.
Jon Judge: We’re very comfortable. I mean, that’s one of the things that we spend a lot of time on and we have all of the officers in the company that run the different parts of the business are all involved in the process and so what we’re very careful about doing is making sure that we’re cutting away things that will not impact anything in the near term or the medium term. So we’re pretty careful about that and it’s gotten to a point where it’s a very normal drum beat around here and it comes back to something we’ve said before which is there’s a lot of expense in our P&L that is there on the assumption that it’s going to be earned by revenue. If the revenue’s not there then we take the expense out. In most of the areas of our business, we’ve done the planning for that before hand and so we try to stay as flexible as we can. The other thing that we do, when we plan our year, as we’re very careful about making sure that anything that is either revenue producing in the current year or in the short term, next one or two years, that we’re careful to protect those investments as well. Even in a year like this as an example, we added people into the sales front. We continued our investments in the insurance arena. There are lots of projects that we have going on in our IT infrastructure to improve the product line that we have today and put more feature function at into the product line as well as some of the things that we’re developing in the future. Those types of things we’re really careful to protect and then the other things that don’t have a direct impact are sort of nice to have things in these kinds of an environment, because we’re trying to keep full employment. We’re trying to make sure that we’re protecting our clients and our business partners. We tend to cut the things that won’t hurt us that much and our ability to bounce back we feel pretty comfortable about once the economy comes back.
Jon Judge: There’s one other important element on this thing and it sounds like you are sort of around it. And that is when we made the investment to give us the ability to handle open architecture, handle some of these conversions, the time that we made the investment we were trying to give ourselves the opportunity to get involved with not only the new clients that were coming in that already had 401(k) and get them to convert to us as their bookkeeper, but also to convert some of our existing clients. Then the old way, we had fixed funds that we don’t do that. With the open architecture we can essentially take any equity based fund and manage it. So what we didn’t foresee though when we did that was this economic headwind that we’ve been struggling with for the last couple years and as you would guess 401(k) originations and new clients is not as robust as it was in the past. We’re able to cover that easily, because we’ve got all of these conversions. The good news about all of this is that once things start to get back to more of a normal environment, we’ll have the conversion business and we’ll have the new business that comes back up to its normal level and we’ll be in a much better place.
Jon Judge: In that period the change in the customer base is really off the prior year 3%, didn’t change much in the period. You got checks per client down 4% and you got a price increase of 3%. Then you got other stuff moving around because on the checks per client the revenue model doesn’t stay exactly the same. So you want to kind of look at every one of these pieces and you can look at them, but you can’t. You’re not going to be able to add them up and get to an exact number and we can’t either. It moves around. The pieces move. You’ve got the other element we’re not going to comment too much on is what discounting is doing because of the competitive nature of discussion.
Jon Judge: Different perspective, slightly, for most of this cycle last year, if you said what was the bigger issue on client growth, losses or not making sales, it was losses. That’s starting to shift. Right now, I wouldn’t say if losses the bigger piece. They’re starting to level off more. The loss thing is starting to get a little better and the sales thing hasn’t started to move too much yet. The difference on that is a lost client is a lost client. I don’t sell a client. I also don’t have some of the selling costs.
Jon Judge: I don’t think there is necessarily a swing factor. I think we think we’re going to be pretty close on the revenue number, but we don’t give quarterly guidance and we’re not and it will be what it’s going to be. We think we have a good idea of what we think it’s going to be but we don’t know. Now we are seeing stabilization here we haven’t seen improvement, now stabilization is nice don’t misread me, but target figure out obviously we know the more we retain the better off we are and the more we sell the better off we are and we think we’ve got realistic ranges of what those will be, but and where there will be in the range I think hopefully we’ve gotten to the point where we don’t fall outside our ranges but we normally don’t fall outside our ranges. So, we’re pretty narrow here. I don’t know how we would get in any narrower.
Jon Judge: No. We’re pretty much where we’ve been and where we’ve stated we are which is we as a company have done a pretty good job of managing discounting through the years and it’s sort of a careful balance between giving enough delegation, authority delegation to the sales reps so that he or see can do what they have to do at the point of sale with the client, but also not have it so lose that you loose control of pricing. We’ve been actually exceptional that we’ve managed it. There’s clearly been more pressure on discounting over the last four to six quarters I would say and there’s nothing that I’ve seen so far to tell me that it’s abated by any dramatic amount and it’s not getting any worse, but it’s not getting a whole lot better either, but relative to our position it’s the same as it’s always been which is we manage the amount of discount that happens by every territory in the country, By the same token if we get cosseted by competitors with trying to stealing market share by using price as a vehicle we will not allow that to happen. I haven’t seen anything to that tells me that is any different tends it’s been or that is about to get any different then it’s been so I really don’t have any concerns about that. I would like to see us get back to a more normal environment sometime soon, but I don’t see anything that tells me we’re about to get even worse than we are.
Jon Judge: We are not, but again, you’ve got to remember who we are and what market reserve. The markets that we’re in have a tendency to segment themselves between those clients that want to help and those clients that are perfectly willing to do it themselves. The majority of the people that we deal with are people who don’t want to do it themselves. They don’t want to have anything to do with having to watch rate changes and the rest of it and so they tend to come to us for peace of mind reasons rather than anything else and they are in very good comfort levels when they know that they strike a deal with us, we take care of everything that needs to be taken care of for them. If there are any mistakes made we paid for those mistakes and they focus on their business. So there’s nothing that I’ve seen or that I’m aware of that would suggest that the landscape from that vantage point is changing any.
Jon Judge: The piece that most people don’t get in small business is the amount of churn that happens. There’s a lot of businesses that fail every year, but there’s a lot of businesses that start every year and that’s always been extremely positive for our business. The thing that’s happened in this recession that’s different than most is this whole credit crunch, when credit crisis that happened and when credit dried up and the areas that affected a lot of the people that started businesses would be things like second mortgages on their home or small business loans from regional or local banks, all of those credit markets dried up and it caused an issue there. When we look at the things that are hurting our business and they’re all fundamentals and they’re all essentially economic headwinds, they’re not issues about competitors. They’re not issues about new offerings. They’re not issues about shifts in the buying habits of the client base. That’s why we’re optimistic is when the economy comes back, I mean, there’s nothing that I know of or I’ve seen that would convince me that when the economy turns that new businesses aren’t going to start forming again. I mean, it’s almost impossible to assume that they wouldn’t. There’s nothing that would convince me that business failure rates that are inordinately higher right now wouldn’t return back to the normal rate. So when we look at the fundamentals that are hurting our business, those are the things that to me that you can argue, but how long it will take for the world to get back to where it was and that’s a fair argument by the way. It will get back that interest rates will rise, I would be happy to have a bet with anybody on that. I’m not so sure I would want to bet that it was time based, when it would happen, but I’d have that bet with anybody that unemployment will drop from 10.0 or 10.2. I’ll have that bet with anybody. So, if I felt like we were losing to a better mouse trap, I’d have much more serious concerns, but that’s not what’s happening.
Jon Judge: No, payroll revenue is still worse than we thought it would be when we started the year and that is because checks per client started off a little bit worse. The two quarters aren’t always the same. The summer’s got a little more robust from some seasonal help. Don’t always get sequential things. So I think you’re looking for something that’s not there to see. It is where it is and these numbers can move a little bit and just because they move a little bit doesn’t mean something bad happened.
Jon Judge: Inside noise level, it’s like John sometimes tells me to do the forecast. You’ve got to get closer. I don’t know how I would get any closer than that.
Jon Judge: We go through this every year when we’re doing our planning and we’ve got sort of a history, particularly in the small business environment of adding salespeople every year and dividing territories or adding new territories or trying new things like this year for example, we’ve got more emphasis on some of the telesales investments that we’re making, using people to cover remote territories on telesales basis or helping expand coverage in large territories with the addition telesales in this territories. Each year we make those decisions and our investments right now, we’re clearly making investments in our major markets business, because the major markets business had a terrific year last year in all regards, a normal year. I mean they grew almost 20%, I think on the par basis and so we made investments there. They’re having another good year this year. We’re making selected investments in our HRS business. In some parts of our HRS business and other parts are not. Insurance is an example. We continue to make investments in it. We are making investments in the core business as well, which is our small business. So each year we take a look at that and we make decisions on it and we move forward. Our culture has been to fuel our growth with feet on the street and we did it again this year and in all likelihood we’ll do it again next year.
Jon Judge: Yes. We have a lot more people in my core business, right. So if you take the number of people that I add to mid market versus the number of people I add to core, divided by the number of people that are in there already, then you’ll come up with one answer, right.
Jon Judge: Not anything dramatic. The new head of sales is by the way is, it is onboarding extremely well. It’s been very, very busies trail of all over the countries met with all of the Regional Managers of all the sales forces, it’s been an lot of time in the field. Lot of time analyzing where we are and where we’re not quite frankly and within the next probably month or so we’ll be able to see exactly where his feeling is relative to things that he would like to start maybe making a different spin on. As it relates to the selling season, obviously when you have that much of your sales in a two month period, we traditionally get very geared up for it. We do a lot of things relative to best practices approaches to how to spend your time in that two month period, all of the sales collateral that we make available to the sales reps and so on and so that’s no different now than it’s been before. When we got into this tough economy, we like probably every other company saw that some of the normal flows of our revenues we’re going to be disrupted and so we started doing things, getting focused on areas that we maybe hadn’t spent as much time on before because they might have been lower yield activities or what have you, but in the absence of doing nothing you end up trying to turn over every stone. So we already started that process and since Del came in, I think he’s done an exceptional job of rallying with the Vice Sales, Vice Presidents and the Regional Managers and just getting a very solid, very detailed approach towards go-to-market through the sales season so that we don’t miss any opportunity that’s out there, but in terms of are we going to new channels, are we doing what we’ve created new bundles or new offerings and so on, the answer would be no to that. I think we know the market pretty well, but I would say we’re pretty goosed up and ready to be as productive as we possibly we can in the next couple months.
Jon Judge: So we know in gross terms, though, right we know that it’s somewhere in 800 to 1 million new business starts every year. We have a pretty good understanding of what percentage of those businesses outsource. We have a great understanding of which ones come to us. We can watch what’s happened to us in the period in terms of what percentage of those businesses that started came to us as a client which kind of gives us a feel for the yield that we’re getting out of those businesses. Everything that we can see tells us that the issue is not the percentage of new businesses that are converting to us. The issue is the number of new business that’s are starting and that number as John said, there’s not a bureau of labor statistics number that will tell you exactly how many started, but we can get close approximations and we know that those numbers are down and we know that our yield for the numbers is remaining constant, so we’re losing share in that marketplace, our issue is just the number of businesses that are starting.
Jon Judge: Well, the tough part, Jason in this as I mentioned to you, there’s no question in my mind that these indicators are going to turn. The fair question is how long is it going to take to get back to normal, but when we look at the business and we look at the things that are causing us issues, and by the way these aren’t sort of serial conversations, these are actual client count numbers, check per client numbers, frequency of payroll numbers and so on. We look at what’s happening to us and whether it’s happening to us because we’re losing to competitors, or because the market has stopped outsourcing, or whether it’s the things that are causing us the consternation of the economic headwinds and then we take a measure of that. As I mentioned when we finished last year and we took a look at how we finished. Then we took a look at what a normal year would have been for us, we accounted for almost 100% of the difference being in those four things I mentioned earlier. So my point to you would be, if the economy returns to the way the economy was, there is nothing that I can see that would tell me that we wouldn’t be back in the 12 and 15 worlds.
Jon Judge: Again that’s why the important thing to us is, if we were losing share to competitors, if there was a major shift in the marketplace going from a fully outsourced model to a fully in sourced model or a do it yourself model, that would be a different issue. That’s not going on.
Jon Judge: We’re also not at a point yet Jason where we’ve got like we were a year and-a-half ago where we felt like we had too much cash on the balance sheet and it become a point, where we felt it was improper to have that much cash on the balance sheet. We’re not quite there yet.
Jon Judge: I’ll leave you to guess whatever it is that you would like to guess. I mean, we’re not going to talk to you about things that we’re working on until they’re ready to be talked about but if your point is have we landed on a strategy that says we’re going to stay exactly where we are and just try to execute to hell out of it that would not be an accurate statement.
Jon Judge: Yes, but the thing that what I’ve said in the past is, the thing that will drive that is when the geographic opportunity presents itself in a way where the return to us, short, medium term return to us is better than the other uses of that investment, both people and dollars. So for example, the issue on Germany is not that Germany has not been successful. Germany has done fine. Then we’ve learned a lot from the Germany experienced with the grown Germany faster than we’ve grown any city that we opened in the United States all of that piece was fine. The issue about the further expansion in Europe was not that the issue was that we had much better returns coming out of the investments that we made in the insurance business as an example. So as long as we continue to see things that make more sense to us to take that incremental investment dollar. Thus we think fee versus and then other geography as an example, then we’ll do that. I mean if we had unlimited resources both financial and people maybe we would be international and do some the other product things that we’re doing locally at the same time, but we don’t have that luxury.
Jon Judge: We’re watching all our expenses. We’re becoming a little more efficient, yes. We also have walking through that conversion program. We put in the new core advanced process, which had some bubble costs which we’re getting out. So I think I wouldn’t say we’re doing much different than we do even in good times, it watch our costs aggressively. We don’t do anything stupid. We make sure whatever we do. We do not sacrifice customer service.
Jon Judge: Some of it, there’s a lot factors going on. Again, I think there’s no magic bullet here. Everybody is hunkering down. The only place we don’t hunker down is selling costs, because we know, we got invest in a future to sell and we watch the selling costs. Doesn’t mean we don’t watch them, but we’re not trying to lower them. All the other areas we’re very cost efficient.
Jon Judge: That’s an interesting question. I was actually pretty pleased to see that President Obama has now gotten focused on small business and getting focused on the banks extending credit to small business and that there’s a belief, a general belief from what I hear and read that Washington is now getting focused on believing that some of the jobs recovery is going to come out of small business, not out of large business. : I think the credit part will have more to do with small business formation getting back to normal rates than anything else, but I would feel comfortable, I believe that most of the job recovery or I hope that most of the job recovery is going to come in the small and medium size businesses as we would be normal, but we’ll have to wait and see how that plays out.
Jon Judge: We were basically slightly conservative in what we’re expecting. We are not going to spend before we see it. So we’re cautious. We’re optimistic, but careful.
Jon Judge: I’ll take a stab at it. It actually sounds more like a question for a magazine article than a financial model. When I think about what we did as we got into this recession, and I think as pretty obvious in our results, is we got our team together and we did the best job that we could to make sure that we got as much of our expense profile agile and nimble as we possibly could and that we got all of our financial modeling that we were doing inside the company to give us the ability as best we could to see what was in front of us, so that we could react. So that as we came through this period, we didn’t find ourselves in a situation where we were losing revenue in the majority of the case through things that we couldn’t control, but kept all the expense up there and our shareholder returns. So we tried to stay as nimble as we could. We tried to do as much analysis as we could on the marketplace, on our performance in the marketplace, not being defensive about where we were strong and where we were web weak and basically try to control those things that we could control and keep ourselves as financially stable as possible. So that when the world started to turn that we would be as well positioned or better than anybody else in the marketplace and we stayed focused on that. So I think the story that will be written when this thing is finished, sort of climbs its way out will be one where we were realistic about what we were facing. We did the best job we could to manage the expenses, protect our employees, protect our clients, protect our business partners, protect our shareholders, and then when the thing started to turn, that we were in the best position to accelerate our business, based on that turn and perhaps even most importantly is not kill the important investments that we needed to keep us strong through this period and more importantly to keep us strong when the period ended.
Jon Judge: Frustrating discussion for me because this is one of the industries, and I guess luckily there aren’t that many of them, but this is one of the industries where it is extremely hard to get share data, but essentially you’ve got two large players and a bunch of medium and small players in the marketplace and so the two large players are obviously us and ADP.  We know very well what we’re doing and we know almost very well what they’re doing and so I can watch how many clients they take from me every year, how many I take from them. I can what’s happening relative to the Street price, the average selling price, whole series of other metrics and so based on that we feel pretty good that we continue to hold and take share. Now, again, it’s the industry, this is one of the industries where there’s not a lot of good share data out there so it’s kind of difficult to say exactly what’s going on but just based on us and our major competitor we’re in pretty good shape relative to how we’re doing versus them and we’ll stay focused and just keep trying to do that.
John Morphy: We expect them to fall. This is where we’re cautiously optimistic. Some of this is going to depend on how good the selling season is and what we do on client losses, but they will fall because that’s normally what happens. Usually the first quarter is the best and they fall every quarter after. This increase from the first to the second is probably the first increase that could be in ten years. So that was us watching our costs very closely, revenues stayed pretty close to what we anticipated, but I do expect them to fall a little bit in the next half. How much I’m not exactly sure. So we’re cautiously optimistic. I think we looked at guidance. It was probably times and I felt, I’ve been close to the bottom of the guidance. Right now, we think we’re real good with the guidance and hopefully towards the upper end of it.
John Morphy: We’re pushing the PEO across the country a little bit more than we have in the past and as a result of that we’re able to get some clients, who have a bit of adverse healthcare selection that’s not quite fair to them into our health insurance in the PEO. So actually, right now the environment’s not hurting us at all.
John Morphy: So to point on things like check per client getting better overtime, they clearly will, when new hires get positive, when unemployment starts to fall, when employees inside clients stabilize and they start hiring again, of course those numbers will get better.
John Morphy: Our margins do change as you go through the year. What happens is, first quarter the price increase goes in. People either budget money, they tend not to spend all of it and they really tend not to spend it in this marketplace, when you’re sure where you’re going. Second quarter the margins usually deteriorate a little bit as we start to step up a little bit for the year end season, more enough that sales people are pretty much are hired in the first quarter if not earlier. The next period though becomes a very high revenue period in a way in the selling season, we have a lot of year end costs, a lot of overtime, the W-2s go out been booking that, booking the revenue so we have a lot of expenses, selling expenses go up so the margins go down and in the fourth quarter it tends to level out, but you don’t know. So it’s not a matter that we’re looking at anything unusual going to happen in this last half. I’m hoping that margins will be a little better than we’re forecasting, but when you’re sitting on top of a big selling season, a big retention season, I think for us to change these numbers wouldn’t be as cautious as the current requirement requires. So we don’t see anything happening that’s unusual and hopefully it will be better.
John Morphy: Than an evolution here and I think what we’ve got to get to the point is to start saying that asset base fees don’t matter that much anymore. It didn’t that disappeared. It’s just they don’t matter as much and reason I say, that is that the fund balances went up significantly. Now, that should have raised the fees a lot in normal terms, but it didn’t because two reasons. One, more and more of our clients are choosing fund management situations, where we don’t get any basis points. Some of that is covered in the fact that the fee for that plan is higher. So it’s almost like we’re looking at chocolate and vanilla. The vanilla is going to come down a little bit, but some of it’s over there in the chocolate. So I mean, it’s basically moving around and we’ve got to go back and look at, I don’t know the exact number of how much in assets that I need to have that offsets the basis points because the fund charges more. We think that moving as much as you would think, the market doesn’t affect it as much as it used to and the real issue on 401(k) is you’re in a marketplace, where I think we’re doing pretty well in view of what’s going on. The markets out there but small business, again, every time you go through one of these shocks, similar to the shock in the early 2000, their lack of trust in this type of vehicle and the system starts to diminish a little bit. It doesn’t mean it goes way down. Things we’re kind of holding our own. The client base has stayed pretty constant around 50,000. So revenues in 401(k) are only up slightly in total and we’ll keep continuing to push it, but how this money comes in is just changing gradually, but he we knew it would and if we had not changed these other products we would not maintain our number one status in 401(k).
John Morphy: Both affected by the same thing. I mean, the rough economy is affecting both the creation of new businesses, which is a big part of our new clients and the pressure on existing clients, and causing them to go out of business.
John Morphy: We gave you that. We told you what the things did quarter-by-quarter, basically said that checks out of business went from nine to one, plus nine, I mean decreased. So we gave you all that.
John Morphy: Well, the price increase which we covered in the last call went in very similar to all the prior years, so there was no real big issue there. The yields look like they’re going to be the yields that they normally are. On the pricing pressure in terms of new business sales, they’re more aggressive now than they’ve been historically, but they’re no difference than they’ve been in the last four to six quarters. So that world looks like it’s stabilizing, if anything it will probably get better. So there’s really nothing going on there that has us any concern. We’re obviously on the pricing side of it we’re extremely focused on that. I’m a big believer that once you give price away it’s awfully difficult to get it back so we’re managing that in an extremely disciplined way, but as I’ve said in the past, with that said, I’m not going to let somebody come and just take our business away from us on price. So hopefully craziness won’t happen.
John Morphy: The bonus season only lasts about four days, December 29 to January 2 or 3. We’re eagerly looking forward to see what it does because a year ago it was a premonition. It basically the dollars dropped 13%, but the checks dropped 25%. So that told you what those owners were getting ready to do.
John Morphy: Major changes, we don’t have anything that’s unusual. We can’t get to a material number here. We’ve got over $600 million of cash and a big change in CapEx would be $15 million.
John Morphy: No, we just know what we told you, they were down. The problem with new business starts is there’s no metric that I know of in the United States that can measure new business starts, because there’s no way to do it. I mean, you could count the new federal IDs that are formed except a lot of these businesses never get form. So basically all we can look at is say okay we don’t think market conditions are changing. We know that because we look at our other sources of business and then you go look at new business starts and we say okay the new business we got, how many we got from new business starts a year ago compared to now and last quarter it was down 8%. It’s been down more than that and that’s the best indicator we have. Unfortunately, I wish there was a better one, but I don’t know of it.
John Morphy: We really haven’t gotten more aggressive. The instruments we want to invest and that they’ve gotten safer. Better way to think of it. Now, the move we made was like about $350 million, so it wasn’t small to be effect on for any basic points, so what we had one being about $500,000 a year so, for us to really move the rates got to go up.
John Morphy: Again, not to elusive, we’re still looking at everything. The dividend is as sacred as anything can get and keep looking at acquisition opportunities. Haven’t turned over the right one yet, but I think cash is still very valuable in this environment, until you know where this environment’s going you’re going to watch it carefully.
John Morphy: First off, Mark, we talked about this before, I never look at SG&A in the operations together. I look at one number now. The only reason I’ve got two lines is I think the SEC wants us to have two lines. The problem we have, this was true when I got here, but I didn’t have a better solution to put it in perspective, in a branch there’s not selling. There’s G&A in a branch. Normally I would think a branch didn’t have any G&A in it. I don’t like that back and I say, what’s G&A and what’s the branch and it’s very difficult especially since we move stuff into the branch, back out of the branch, give you an example. Payroll online used to be centralized. Now it’s in the branch. The exact SG&A definition of that change, possibly. You take IT. There was a time when all the IT was in a branch. Now all the IT is centralized in Rochester. So I don’t look at those two. The only reason we don’t give you the selling number, which would be the most beneficial number is because of competitive reasons. So when you look at SG&A, don’t look at SG&A, lump the two together. I know that takes away a comparison, but if you’re going to look at something and say that got a lot better when it might just have been a classification shift.
John Morphy: I think, sometimes it takes more effort on a salesperson. We’ve not selling as much, so we’ve tell more as, I don’t. Our sales force is geared to sell more, but they’re working their butts off right now. In fact sometimes, they don’t sell as much as we would like to, isn’t because they’re loafing or they got idle time. It’s because they’ve got to chase business harder and some of the business just isn’t there.
John Morphy: Since sounds like there are no more questions. I want to thank you again for your interest in Paychex. We are glad to see things stabilize. We feel pretty good and I wish you and your families the best holiday season. So, take care and good luck.
