Martin Mucci: Good morning, thank you. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the Paychex's first quarter of fiscal 2015 earnings release. Joining me today is Efrain Rivera, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning before the market opened we released our financial results for the first quarter ended August 31, 2014. Our earnings release and Form 10-Q will be available on our Investor Relations page at Paychex.com. This teleconference will also be broadcast over the Internet and will be archived and available on our website for approximately one month. On today’s call I will review the highlights for the first quarter of our sales, operations and product development areas and Efrain will review our first quarter financial results and discuss our full year guidance; then we’ll open it up for your questions.  We are off to a good start in fiscal 2015. We are pleased with our progress toward our growth goals and we begin the year with momentum in both sales and new product enhancements. Client satisfaction and retention also remain at high levels.  Payroll revenue is trending well with growth of about 4.5% due to increases in revenue per check, client base and checks per payroll. HRS revenue grew double-digits for the first quarter as we continue to experience success in selling HR outsourcing solutions to our clients. Total service revenue grew 9%. The positive momentum we saw in fiscal 2014 in sales execution has continued into 2015 as we experience solid performance in both new sales revenue and units. Our payroll and Paychex HR services in particular continue to do well in Q1.  We also quickly brought onboard the increase in sales reps we planned, so that we are fully staffed and have been successful in adding new bank and franchise referral arrangements in addition to our strong CPA referral channel.  Our partnership between our selling organizations has never been more efficient as they have moved down market to be sure our clients are receiving the full value of the breadth of services that Paychex has to offer them.  Our execution and service operations has continued its standard of excellence, demonstrated by strong client satisfaction results and client retention levels that remain consistent with recent highs. Our innovative leading edge technology in products, coupled with our exceptional client service we believe is a differentiator in the market.  From a technology perspective, continued investment in our SaaS solutions and mobility offerings position us for long-term growth. We have market-leading software-as-a-service solutions leveraging the latest technologies and continue to invest significantly in online capabilities and mobile applications. We recently introduced mobile applications for both our Paychex online accounting services and our expense management solutions. In addition, our online payroll application was recently awarded a five star rating by a leading publication, the only major payroll provider to receive such a rating. We completed the acquisition of nettime solutions, a leading cloud-based time and attendance solution provider, adding yet another powerful offering to our software-as-a-service portfolio. This acquisition pairs Paychex exceptional customer service and on boarding team with the SaaS time and attendance technology of a market leader. In summary, we are off to a solid start for sales, service, product strength and financial performance for fiscal 2015 and I greatly appreciate the work of our Paychex employee team across the country. I will now turn the call over to Efrain Rivera to review our financial results in more detail. Efrain.
Martin Mucci: Yes, George thanks. So I guess it’s a philosophy issues. Sorry, I should state what the philosophy is. What we try to do when we come into the year is say, what do we think the ranges are for the year as a whole, so we don’t have to revise every quarter guidance. We try to call out, if somehow a quarter falls, is a little bit unusual in terms of the guidance. So yes, I would say at the bottom end, right now 3% is pretty conservative. We obviously start a little bit better than that number, but we still feel comfortable with the overall guidance range.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I wouldn’t say it’s more profitable. It’s not necessarily more profitable, because we have a partner obviously involved in providing it. I’d say the demand for it George has been consistent, but not huge. I think we were one of the first to have a payroll card, meant (ph) over 10 years ago and it just – it has a small kind of grouping; those that are on bank for example and so forth.  And while we’ve seen that go up and down a little bit over time, more and more people want one card if they are bank. They want one card, they don’t want a separate payroll card, so I would say that the demand is consistent. We really like the product that we are involved with now and think that that may pick up demand a little bit, but it’s one of those things where we just like to offer a full wide range of offerings to the client as to however they want to receive their pay.
Martin Mucci: The additions were a little stronger on the payroll side. We felt that that was starting to pick up again in the second half of last year and so much of the ads – I won’t break it out exactly, but much of the ads were on the payroll side and because we felt we are very well positioned on the HRS services side.S.K. Prasad Borra – Goldman Sachs : Thanks for taking my question.
Martin Mucci: I would say we thought really strong about the last half of the year from a competitive standpoint where we feel very competitive. They’ve done very well with the carriers. The new plan as Efrain mentioned, we think has put us in an even better competitive position in the Florida area and so we feel very good we are off to a – the big months are kind of coming in now this quarter is what’s coming up for the benefit plans and so forth, but we feel very strong fully staffed on the sales side, a lot of experience in that team and of course we offer both the PEO and the ASO version.  So what’s good about the way I believe we offered it is, whatever the client needs to get the most value out of the service we have to offer him. But feel very good about the PEO side and our opportunity you are coming up particularly this second quarter as we see benefit plans get subscribed too. 
Martin Mucci: Yes, right now we are feeling very good about the portfolio of products. The nettime was an opportunity that we felt we had a – there was a real market leader there and that the team would fit very well and would fit into our SaaS products.  We are seeing good traction really out of the gate as we integrate it into our payroll offering, which will come in stages and then there is organic growth that we’ve continued at nettime itself. So we feel good about the organic growth, which they’ll sell directly and integrating it into our payroll platform.  We’ve already had a number of sales. We are training everyone in our team on the product and so you’ll see a good combination of sales from the organic and to tie into Paychex. The integration takes a little bit of time, but that will be coming up in the next quarter or so. So we are very pleased with the product. The whole management team is in place at nettime. Our leadership is taking a very strong role and is just a great cultural fit with the company, so we feel very good about where this is.  The legacy product has been very strong. We had a good strong year last year and we’ll just kind of phase. The legacy product has little more for us integrated bells and whistles on it, which we are introducing actually even this quarter and next year. You’ll see not only web-punch online, but complete mobility punch as well, time punches and so we’ll still be building on the legacy product for a little bit until we get nettime fully integrated in, but we are really pleased with the product and everything that it offers.
Martin Mucci: Yes, very similar to last year, we are really ahead from our perspective on retention, so very strong. It’s probably still at historic best for the company from a payroll retention stand point and we feel very good. So not only the sales have great momentum, but the retention is right up there with our historic best and we haven’t seen any change in that. Obviously big quarter is coming up here with year-end, but so far we are feeling very good about the retention.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think we have felt good about kind of the win loss ratio against competitors, that we are definitely seeing an up-tick in the sales from competitors and kind of when we look at it from a net gain from competitors and we are definitely an up-tick and a positive at this point as we started to see that the second half of last year too.  So well Efrain’s right, its quite hard. We are still not at the full new business, a creation that we were pre-recession. Its certainly up, but it’s not where it was based on everything we see. But as Efrain said, new sales, sales to new businesses are up and definitely the gain from competitors is up. So we are feeling very good about that.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we feel good about it you know. Now that we’re through that first quarter, we have not seen a lot of fallout from the price increase and so that’s always a good determining factor in that first quarter, although we would see it typically in the July, August timeframe and haven’t, so…
Martin Mucci: Yes, I’d say Brazil is off to a good start. There was a delay in some of the electronic filing requirements that we had expected the government had put in place, they delayed for year, but we are off to a pretty good start. We don’t give exact client growth, but we feel very good about the start that we’ve had there since January and in Germany sales are above plans. So they are continuing to do well and we are always looking for other ways to grow Germany even faster and the other, Brazil as well.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think the biggest thing we are learning is how to really acquire the clients and kind of get them, and I guess I’ll even step back further, get them to even to realize it’s a great accounting product that we have invested in with Kashoo and this has been out there for a while. It’s a strong online accounting product. More of a book keeping type of software as a service, but they still come to Paychex for payroll benefits and outsourcing and while the reputation is very strong there, they are not always – it’s a different marketing game to teach them about the accounting or bookkeeping online that we have available to them.  So I think the biggest thing, I wouldn’t really change much. We may get a little more aggressive as far as getting to our own clients and in getting them to understand that we have this nice offering that I think is going to be a real benefit and value to them. So probably more from a market standpoint, we are trying to see if we can get the knowledge that its out there and that its us and that it has all the power, the strength of Paychex behind it, that’s the biggest thing.  Other than that, we are really pleased with the product. I think we are just finding that the marketing is a little bit different in the approach and so forth and we expect that to start to pick up. 
Martin Mucci: Yes, I’m not sure if – yes, that was confusing. We are probably more in like the 3% type of growth rate and we felt very good about that. We’ve been fairly flat the last few years. Didn’t grow a lot in the sales force given the economy and some of the results and things that we were doing in sales. And this year we decided, we committed to a good strong 3% growth and that all got completed very quickly. So we hired up between the fourth quarter and the first quarter and we are fully staffed. A lot of training has already been done and I think they are hitting the ground running.  So I feel very good about that. We really haven’t put – we’ve been more cautious the last couple of years. This year we started getting back to the kind of old trends of adding 2% to 3% to the sales force in the year. 
Martin Mucci: I think you know Jeff we are still get a lot of interest. It gets us in front of a lot of clients, but I think that this quarter we’ll get a better sense of it again as the benefit plans. People come up, some are getting off exchanges, some of the small clients are going to be moving to the exchanges. I think we’ll get a better sense.  I think we’ve still seen kind of a, I wouldn’t say a freeze, but kind of a hesitation to know what to do and of course the delay in some of the requirements for the 50 to 99, the under 100, 50 to 100 basically has pushed off that decision for a few more.  We still feel okay. We got a very strong health insurance team out there and they are getting in front of a lot of clients, but you are still seeing a little bit of hesitation I think. Got great products to help them monitor whether it applies to them, how it applies to them, give them real time information, but we are not seeing a big up-tick, at least at this point, but we do expect it will probably pick up a little bit more in the next few months. 
Martin Mucci: Yes. Well, when I think, you know I think we’ve been a big part of that innovation up-tick. When you think about where we were just a few years ago versus today, online product very strong and we are seeing a big push from clients looking for online products. We have a very good online product, we are continuing to add to that constantly and the report writer and report builder products are very strong for us.  Then you have mobility, so we are really – I think we have the best mobility product out there from a combined product breadth for the clients, so you can have everything on you. You can get to one to two clients, you can do your own payroll, your employees use it for certainly their pay stubs and W2s and 401(k) information. So I think we’ve been part of that.  I think that’s helped us between that and the great service that we’ve always been know for. I think it has put us in a very good position and I think the sales team has really hit those strides in execution, particularly the last half of last year and continued into the first quarter this year are just doing very well.  We’ve also gone after – not only we’ve had very good referrals from CPAs over the years, but we’ve gone after making sure we are getting the CPAs that we hadn’t in previous years, with a lot of work that Mark Bottini and the sales team are doing with more direct hitting CPAs that haven’t necessarily referred in past years and getting into those, and the bank channel has picked up for us for us as well as franchise referrals.  So we’ve signed up not only the support of like SUBWAY and Tim Hortons and Yum Brands and Midas, but also from our banks; Union Bank and SunTrust of course and a number of others, we all have strong relationship. So I think all that’s helping us kind of beat the competition a little bit more than we have in the past. 
Martin Mucci: I don’t think so. I think for those clients who want a SaaS base offering, we have a very good one and what we I think combined very well is the dedicated personal service with that offering. So you can have a great online offering and I’m sure our competitors do, but I think we have a extremely competitive offering that we’ve invested in for a number of years and knew this was coming, and on top of that just have always provided that great dedicated service, very personalized to the client and I think that helps a lot.  What we like to show a client from a sales perspective is if your getting on with us from payroll, particularly in that under 20 range, look you can do your payroll on your mobile phone, you can do it online, you can do it through a payroll specialist, you can change up, you can call us when you need to, you always have a dedicated person available to you and I think that on top of having the innovation has prepared us very well, even as clients move to a SaaS based offering, we have a very strong one and a number of clients, a great number of our clients are on a SaaS based offering already. 
Martin Mucci: Yes, I would say somewhat better Glenn. I think definitely between the momentum of the innovation and the products that we are offering and the execution from sales, we are feeling better from a competitive standpoint. So yes, I feel the market, the competitive environment hasn’t really changed all that much and we feel we’re even in the best position we’ve probably been in a long time.
Martin Mucci: So if I give you 1% Sara, that’s an apple-to-apples. So we modified the methodology a little bit using our normal methodology and also doing same store. Same store for us is about 1%. If you don’t do it the other way we’re doing it, there’s probably a two-tenths difference; its not significant. So the 1% probably is – well, not probably, but is a hiring within the base. 
Martin Mucci: But we were down a little bit. Last year headcount, there was a little bit more turnover. Turnover has come down a lot and it wasn’t super high last year, but it was higher than it is now and so turnover is come down and we were a little bit low, below where we wanted to be last year at some points of the year and where we are now is besides the new hiring everything is fully staffed, in fact overstaffed in a few areas.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think what we’re saying is it would be up. It will stay fairly stable for now, from where we are now, yes. 
Martin Mucci: Yes, one of the things is that we found that in selling, our approach in the past has been a lot in what we call core payroll sales side. Its been very much the sell-in payroll and then the other sales teams would kind of reach in over time at different stages to say, hey, are you ready now for a 401(k) or workers comp or health insurance and so forth and while we made some changes this year in saying that if you’re a certain size, that we are coming in now with a combined sales force.  So I guess what I’m saying is, we’ve kind of moved down in offering the full breadth of our services right up front in the way we approach a client and I think we’ve gotten some nice traction and good stories on it already. By approaching a client with multiple sales teams together at once if they are lets say 20 employees, you might go in with HR Outsourcing, 401(k) and payroll all at the same time. In the past our model was much more, hey I’ll sell you payroll and then the other teams will come in after you’ve had a month or two on the service and see if you need something else.  So we’re finding that that kind of the need for those services, I’m sure you’ve seen this, has kind of pushed down over time and with the technology and the number of products available and we think that this is a better way to capitalize on some of that. Its making sure the full need of the client is addressed right up front as opposed to our traditional model, which was selling them payroll right up front.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think there we’ve offered an awful lot of products, so we’re combining all that product. I think you’ll see shortly we are going to kind of brand that whole thing together, because we’ve been adding a lot of product as Efrain said and mentioned.  MyStaffingPro, ExpenseWire, our own Paychex, next generation offerings, our time and attendance now with both our legacy product and nettime and we are in the process of being sure. Now we’ve already been selling it that way, but we are kind of bundling it all together and we’ll be announcing that shortly to kind of put a tag all the way around that, along with we’ve been changing some of the service model there to be sure that when you have multi products from us, that its handled as smoothly as possible from a multi product standpoint.  So mid market is, we’d always like it to be stronger, but its doing well against the competition that’s out there and because I think we have a full breadth of product as well as a great sales team there.
Martin Mucci: Relative I’d say, kind of the small under 50 is stronger. I think that’s the marketplace. I think that’s the economy. What we are seeing is small business starting to pick up finally. Still not where it was, but that’s starting to pick up and that we’re offering that approach of – we’ve already been offering the larger clients the 50 plus, the multitude of products upfront. This approach of selling the breadth of our services below 50 on the front end is a newer approach and so I think that’s – we’re picking up there a little bit faster because of that approach.  Also, the referral channels that I talk about, the banking, the franchise and of course are continuing in the CPA referral model, its always been strong for us, that’s where you see the smaller business growth come from, because these are start-ups or companies that have reached the size, that under 50, but that they need a payroll solution. So I definitely say that the under 50 is seeing a little bit stronger growth rate now. I think that’s more because of those things than anything.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I mean its still fairly new to us, but I definitely – we did it as much, because from a competitive standpoint we felt that it was worth taking on a little bit more of the risk and so forth, because we had even more competitive product.  We still have a number of carriers, but this plan particularly in Florida where it’s a very competitive PEO market I think put us in a great spot. We’ll find out a lot more in the next quarter or so as you get into the true selling season of benefits and so forth, but we feel very good that that’s positioned us even more competitively now in the PEO.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think the point there is Efrain saying, when you look at all the products combined, that outsourcing of the HR function is a significant part of the HRS business and I think as we said in fourth quarter, we don’t give the numbers, all that probably one a year, but we service more client employees than any competitor combined and I think for the most part probably any two competitors combined. When you combined PEO, ASO and what Efrain’s HRE, kind of an essential offering, we are the largest HR outsourcer in that product set. So we are very proud of that and that growth is going very well. 
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think in general, David its not getting any less regulated. Everything is getting more complex and so one, regulations aren’t going to get any easier and the healthcare reform just continues to drive a lot of confusion at all levels as to when its kicking in, what does it mean for them and I think its probably still pretty fluid from the way things have been.  Second, the technology has gotten a lot better, the innovation has gotten a lot better, and for example our products and in others products, other competitors products that drive the ability to use HR services online at a lower level of client size, employee size and so a lot of that is come down because the technology and the products have gotten better and I think that that bodes well for us.  We talk about time and attendance, and we talk about HR administration online, products that we have. These used to be 50 plus solidly, 50 to 100 plus. They’ve come down and many clients are using them now, and the mobility offerings make it a lot easier as well. We find that the mobility offerings are being used by clients for everything from their employee contact list to reviewing an employees 401(k) with them right face to face, just looking at their mobile app. So all that bodes well I think for demand for HR online, payroll online and a lot of the other.  We didn’t even really touch on 401(k), but 401(k) continues to be very strong as well. I think the market leaves it always a little shaky and 401(k) whether to jump in or not, but we are certainly seeing assets increase and our initiative on large market, larger plans has started to pick up and pay some dividends as well. 
Martin Mucci: I think Efrain pretty much covered it. I think the other thing we were doing was, we were having a team that builds a lot more – focuses on relationships with the financial advisors and I think that that’s really starting to pay some dividends there.  It takes time to kind of build that relationships, so that they trust us going into not only a brand new client, but to go with a larger client and a conversion of a larger asset base and we are really starting to pickup I think some momentum there and some trust from financial advisors to not just give us the start-ups, but the larger clients as well and I think to us that gives us confidence that we are going to see the year either as we predicted or a little bit stronger. 
Martin Mucci: No, because I don’t think I said. So it didn’t miss the exact things here, but it certainly is the national player and as well as the regionals, more regional players. I think what you are seeing is, national player I think what we are doing very well is selling the value of our service combined with the technology and that means that they can be online or they can be a SaaS offering that’s online with mobile or full service. I think from the regional players what you are seeing is particularly smaller players in the market. They are struggling more with the technology. They don’t have the mobility offerings, they don’t have the online offerings. These are changing constantly. We are updating our mobile offerings probably every quarter with something new. And the smaller players just can’t, you just can’t keep up with that technology now and we are finding the clients are really using it.  :  
Martin Mucci: And I think that that is – we tend to do very well again. I think that the demand for the HR, kind of the overlapping services is pushed down in the market and so with the technology and the offerings and so forth, and so I think the point service, kind of the point providers as you’d say, I think its tougher for them to sell by themselves and the better you can integrate that experience and make it easier for the client, they do – more and more clients need multiple services and they are not as interested in, hey I’m going to take things from three different providers.  So the key is, okay now and you can see what we’ve acquired over the years. We’ve brought in these great point solutions and the key is to integrate them as seamlessly as possible from a service perspective for the clients, so that you’re adding a lot more value. They don’t have the time or the desire anymore to integrate themselves, the clients, to integrate three different products and I don’t think, and so it’s all a matter of integrating it in together and that’s what we’ve continued to do and we’ll continue to work on.
Martin Mucci: No, not really. I mean I think we’ve had it. We’re very competitive first of all from the comp structure and we always made changes to be sure we stay very competitive on that, but also we are doing a lot of team selling. So the point I was trying to make earlier is that where we’ve come down now, where that was always the approach, pretty much the approach anyway on the 50 plus, below 50 now and probably even in that 20 and above range, there’s a lot more team selling going on.  So we have expertise, not necessarily expecting the rep to know everything. Its saying, hey when you used to go in and sell payroll and then your 401(k) sales team would come in a month later or two months later or six months later. Now we go in together as a team on a lot of these leads and say what’s the full breadth of what the client needs and look to sell them upfront.  So its not necessarily requiring a lot more from each individual sales person, but more of a team approach to the way we’re selling, which seems to be getting some traction now. I think the markets ready for it and I think we’re going to – we will execute it well.
Martin Mucci: Okay, at this point we will close the call. If you’re interested in replaying the webcast to this conference call, it will be archived till October 24. Our annual meeting of stockholders will be held October 15 at 10:00 a.m. in Rochester, New York and that meeting will also be broadcast over the Internet as well. I thank you for you taking the time to participate in our call and your interest in Paychex. Have a great day.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I’d just add Pramod that we are positioned certainly in the market as well as we’ve ever been positioned. The addition to the minimum premium plan really helps in Florida, but we are seeing good demand across other markets. So the only caution or caveat I'd put on that is that third quarter is a big quarter for PEO and that’s where you see kind of how much you are winning the battle. So we feel good about where we started. Still the year needs to play out a bit more.
Efrain Rivera: They had a really nice track record of growing that business over 60% over the last three years and it’s a good example of the kind of acquisitions. We like smaller. We buy them to grow them, not for growth and good products set, good management and they are off to a good start.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so Jason two answers to that. It would be greater if we had real time data on what’s going on in the economy in the absence of that. We’ve noticed a trend ticking up on our sales to newly formed businesses and it seems like over a number of quarters now we seem to be picking up in that area and if you go back a couple of years ago, we weren’t seen that trend. That now seems to be evident. It looks like you getting better business formation, but of course we are kind of an indirect, our observation on that is indirect, our sales to new businesses are up.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, there really isn’t enough data to pull it out. Its very difficult to get that granular for new business sales, and I would tend to describe it a little bit more to some underlying growth in new businesses and then I think we are getting better at execution too. 
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so Jason so what we said is 2% to 4% I would say we are floating off the bottom of that a little bit closer to the middle of it. We do not give uniform price increases, so that’s experienced a little bit differently by different customers and we also don’t have contracts.  So one of the things that does differentiate us is that virtual across every single customer that we have, if you don’t earn our keep from a service standpoint, you can get to walk without penalties. We do a little bit of that in the mid market, but that’s a relative small part of our business. So I would say the pricing environment is easing somewhat.
Efrain Rivera: Yes so we do have an opportunity to buy shares back. We have bought to-date, including last year about 7 million shares that we purchased those significantly below where the stock is trading. We obviously thought that made a lot of sense where we see opportunities to go and buy. We will do that opportunistically, we think that makes sense.  But the other thing is we have a good pipeline of acquisition opportunities. We want to keep our powder dry. We are as all of you know, we don’t tend to do stupid acquisitions just to grow and we like some properties out there. Now, whether there’s going to be something that we see over the course of the year, we’ll evaluate that and if we are getting to the end of the year and we have a significant cash build up, then we’ll have to have a discussion with the board about what next steps would be there. 
Efrain Rivera: Just Jeff one other add to that. While as Marty said we are going to add 3%, we are actually up over that when you compare where we were in the Q1 of last year. We came in a little light last year and Q1 started the year, built up and then added 3%. So we are actually above the 3%. 
Efrain Rivera: As Marty said, I think we did a lot of the hiring we were going do on the sales force in Q1. IT will ramp a bit as we progress through the year. So I don’t think we are way off what we were expecting. 
Efrain Rivera: And David what I’d add to what Marty said is that when a client is interested in payroll and they are searching particularly over the web, I’ve said this to many of you, we don’t steer them one way or the other. If what they want is a SaaS based solution, they want to get up and running quickly, SurePayroll is there and they do a phenomenal job.  Not every client wants that. Some clients want more service. Service matters. Make no mistake about it. We know that from research, we know at what size clients service matters. If you leave yourself in a situation where you’re only offering your SaaS, you’ve exposed some vulnerability, because clients do value and are willing to pay for service.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, acquisition benefit is negligible. It really wasn’t very much, so essentially nothing. On the service revenue you said 6.5, that’s not quite correct. I said 2.5% of total service revenue, so its more in the $16 million range than the $6 million.
Efrain Rivera: No Glenn. In the first quarter the numbers include some element of the adjustment, because the first quarter of last year as we stated has a workers comp gross up. So the right apple to apples is an addition of $16 million for the change.
Efrain Rivera: Its typically been the pattern. I mean it could change in a year given investments, but typically we’re going to have our strongest quarter in the first quarter. At least the trajectory of the direction Glenn is going to be similar to prior years.
Efrain Rivera: Just to add to Marty’s comment, Marty called out the recent review we got for our online product and we don’t highlight SurePayrolls numerous awards. We win a lot of technology awards.  I think seven years ago, five years ago we recognized that there were investments to be made. If you look at the breadth of products that we’ve got, you look at nettime, you look at myStaffingPro, you look at ExpenseWire, these are all leading products in their respective categories. So we understand this is a technology gain. We are very, very clear on that. We also understand which some people in the market seem to be forgetting, its also a service gain and especially in the under 50 space where we have 94% of our clients. Ability to provide service is a differentiator and while some people don’t seem to be thinking it is, we’ve done the research and we know it is. So we feel pretty good about where we’re at.
Efrain Rivera: I would say if you just look at our small business index, so where we’ve seen, where definitely this year has been strong at the rate of growth in hiring in small business over last year and even thought its been a little, its tempered down a little bit the last three out of four months, its still stronger than last year and its definitely stronger than our base year for the index, which is 2004. Its like a whole percent stronger hiring growth rate in small businesses under 50 employees. So we still think that hiring is up over last year, even though it tempered a little in the summer. Its still stronger than last year and we’re certainly benefiting from that.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, definitely. Definitely felt that the execution continued. We are seeing not only good unit growth in the number of sales, but also holding price and gaining in kind of the revenue per client. So we are seeing very good sales execution and feel very good that that momentum has continued and we certainly are looking forward to continue through a big selling season here coming up.
Efrain Rivera: No, I think that probably what happened there was we were comparing against where we were at a point prior to the year. Right now we’re about 4%, close to 4.5% higher than we were last year. So at the end of May we’re about 4.5% higher than we are.
Efrain Rivera: Not particularly. We’ll call out in next quarter’s call if we see anything’s that are different from guidance, but no. I think the other thing Jeff I’d say is that if you look at the presentation that we posted, should have posted it just recently, we have the supplemental guidance schedule at the end there. We are still within those ranges, so if you look at that closely, that’s a pretty good guide for where we expect to be.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, we don’t break that out Brian specifically and its becoming increasingly difficult to do so and the reason for that is that not only do we have SurePayroll, but we also have our own online product, which Marty talked about earlier. If you combine both of those, you’re probably up over a quarter, maybe even 30% or so of sales in those models. That’s about as definitive as we can get.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, no. I don’t think we are ready to start changing the guidance ranges. I would say we feel pretty comfortable that we’re well within those guidance ranges. Build revenue builds over the course of the year and while we feel real good about Q1, we still have three quarters to go. We’ll get a better picture as we get through the selling season, get some early signs. 
Efrain Rivera: So you know our assumption is not much is going to change in this fiscal, so this fiscal growth is to May. We think the real action then starts to occur in 2016. The fed is really giving a lot of very inconsistent signals. It looks like they want to race sooner rather than later, but our planning assumption is really, its going to be a 2016 event, not a 2015 event. If they do it, obviously we’ll be happy with it, but its probably a next year event.
Efrain Rivera: It’s about between $4 million and $5 million; that’s the cliff notes version. It’s a little bit more complicated than that, but that’s our disclosure in the Q, so yes. It starts to add up in a hurry if we get what we hope, which is a rise in short term interest rates and the long part of the yield curve also goes up.
Efrain Rivera: And I would say one other thing Jim is that our sales force execution capability is really, really superb and that’s helped us to understand the potential of this integrated selling approach and its paying dividends, yes. 
Efrain Rivera: And we also – just to add to what Marty said, I mean we really have a terrific PEO team and group that manages that business. So I think our execution capability, our product capability have never been better.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, its still relatively, I should say on the gross of it – I was going to say it was relatively small. Its still not the bulk of HRS, but its growing in importance. Tim, the reason why I give you a somewhat imprecise answer there is that unlike other competitors, we manage our ASO and PEO and this other smaller product we call HR essentially, which is a lighter version of our outsourcing product together in one sales force and we are somewhat still agnostic in terms of whether a sales person sells a PEO or ASO. Its going to depend on what client needs are.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so I think we went through that David. So we have a 16% to 19% guidance range and we said about 5% of it is the PEO. 16% to 19% HRS to be precise and minus 5%, so you pick the number you feel makes more sense. So I think the gist to your question, not reading in too much is that we expect HRS to accelerate as the year goes on.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I think there is probably three things on that; one is we expect insurance services to accelerate as we go through the year, that’s a function of a number of things, not the least of which is being fully staffed and anniversarying some comparison in that business that we talked last year, that’s one. And then I think as Marty said, we talked a lot of this call, just the growth and the momentum in HR outsourcing services we think continues to build through the quarters and through the year. 
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I’ll let Marty talk to kind of compliance related products, which is its own sort of set of discussions. But I do want to clarify that our guidance doesn’t assume that there is some material change in what we are seeing in terms of up-tick of some of the compliance related products, which Marty can talk to a second. We just are looking at based on the rate and on our plan where we expect to be as the year progresses. 
Efrain Rivera: Yes, and just to build on Marty, I just focused almost exclusively on HR outsourcing, but we also expect that our retirement services revenue is going to build through the year too. 
Efrain Rivera: Yes, David I think I’d just leave it that to say we thought we had a strong quarter, we were pleased with it. If we were happy with what we saw on the payroll service side and HRS continue to performer strongly, I’m cautious about getting too granular about projecting Q1 trends for the remainder of the year, because as I said easier, we try to give annual guidance and stick with that, so we don’t get into a quarter-over-quarter conversation.  And the only think on caveat is the selling season is important to us and its good to start well, its much, much better to finish well and so we will continue to work on doing that, so we can continue to deliver good results. 
Efrain Rivera: I’ll let Marty take the second part. So the first part Tim, I think you might be referring to the fact that about two years ago or so we decided to take a portion of the retirement services sales force and dedicate them to the up market. When we did that, we took people who were servicing the smaller market out and didn’t necessarily replace those. So we had a little bit of a transition in that business as we did that as the larger market reps were starting to ramp up.  So we’ve anniversaried that. We think that the larger market reps are doing a really good job and in execution its helped our growth rates and retirement services and fell that we’ve got a nice runway in front of us. You can see that in part by the amount of the growth and assets that hasn’t been just market growth, but its also been planed growth, meaning more plans and larger plans. So I think we are past that anniversary.  I’ll let Marty talk about the second part question. 
Efrain Rivera: Mark, obviously we don’t break that out. It doesn’t grow quite as quickly as HRS overall, but it’s a little bit less than that. 
Efrain Rivera: Yes, well one, for turnover it’s a little bit below where we’ve been historically. Kind of historical average is in that 30% to 35% turnover rate. We are at the low end to that range right now and that can always change, but for first quarter its been very good.  The recruiting I think of the new reps has been very good. So I think we are picking up a very good quality of new reps and the training consistently has been revamped and so forth. I think its very good execution in the leadership team across the board from the senior team right to the district sales managers. It just feels like a good experience level now in that team and that they done very well. So when you look at the metrics and I think I have said this, the units what they are selling, the number of units is good, as well as holding price. So that to us bodes well from an experience level and in execution of the rep. So they are not just going in selling price and we are getting more units at a low price. We are getting unit growth and revenue per unit growth.  So again first quarter, but we are feeling positive about the execution of that sales team from those kind of metrics. 
Efrain Rivera: I don’t know if I’d go that far. I would say from a annualized revenue perspective, there is certainly showing some promise, but I don’t think again the economy isn’t where it was pre-recession. But I’d say, relative to the last few years and last year where we started to see really the best in seven years, we are still at that level. So it’s defiantly the best we’ve seen since the recession and it continues to go up. I wouldn’t say its right at that pre-recession levels yet though. 
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so Lisa there’s two risks that everyone takes on, who is in the PEO business. It’s the quality of the workers comp, underwriting and then secondarily, although we have talked a lot about minimum premium plans, we still have a lot of health insurance plans that are not under this cost sharing arrangements.  In the cost sharing arrangements and I should say the risk sharing arrangements, if your healthcare book is not what you would expected it to be, you can end up with having more healthcare costs than you gauged and the same thing with workers comp.  We use a number of sets of actuaries. I’m pretty familiar with the underwriting process in both areas and we set the probabilities that we will exceed our targets at a very, very low rate. Meaning, when we ask our actuaries to do projections of what we think the costs are, we are not asking them to do a 95% probability and typically we’re asking them to set it at 99%-plus.  So on the workers comp side, we have done that over a number of years and have very, very good results managing books, our books of business on the workers comp side and we feel pretty comfortable we have very deep expertise on the healthcare side, understanding and assisting risks and in the last year really build up our underwriting capability and our management capability is the PEO.  So we fell pretty comfortable. Wouldn’t go down this route if we didn’t. 
Efrain Rivera: No. I think its one element of it, but Marty faces the decision around how to make tradeoffs with investments across a number of different sales forces that are growing and so I would say two or three years ago people who followed us closely knew we struggled a little bit in the PEO, took a breather, retooled and have really gotten ourselves back in the game.  So I think our level of investment in that sales force is commensurate with what we think the opportunity is right now. And one other thing I would add to that is that its not just PEO for us. That’s an important element of what we sell in HRO, but we have a very, very strong ASO business, which is very similar to PEO, but doesn’t have some of the risk characteristics that the PEO does. So we’re looking at it a bit more holistically than other competitors do.
Efrain Rivera: And Tien-tsin, in the under 50 space particularly, it maybe different in the enterprise space. What clients value about – one of the many things that clients value in that space is the ability to have one single point of access to your data. So a single sign on is really, really big and then when that single sign on is coupled with your ability to access all of the different aspects of the data that your trying to manage, be it health and benefits, 401(k), HR Outsourcing, that’s really the compelling proposition. It maybe different in the enterprise space, but certainly in the under 50 space they are looking for that integration as Marty said.
Brian Keen - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And the record sales you guys have seen, does that get us to potentially outside kind of the guided range? Are we trending above the range of kind of where we guided to for core and HR? I’m just trying to get a sense. How does it translate into revenue if the sales numbers seem to be due and come track it ahead of plan.
Brian Keen - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and just last question for me. It looked like finally we turned the corner on interest and clients’ funds, but just your expectations, we always get the question on rates and rate increases. Just maybe give us an update on that. Thanks so much.
Brian Keen - Deutsche Bank: And then just remind us, a raise of 25 basis points or just the impact of the model, just so we can get ready for it.
David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thank you. I’m wondering if we can just go back to another question, because maybe I just misunderstood. But when we look at the growth year-over-year of 17% in that HRS line, to get an apples-to-apples number, should we backing out $16 million of this year revenue, because that’s …
David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus: Right. And is that, I don’t know if I got good comps for the year, for the fiscal ‘13 year. So is that deceleration from what we say last year or last years numbers.
David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus: Right, and what is the basis for that, based on – because you guys certainly improve your visibility in your business, so…
David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus: Right and just on that last point, is there anything we should be thinking about in the context of what’s going on, either with the affordable care act or the regulatory environment at larger that would make us more optimistic or less optimistic over the next 12 to 18 months.
David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus: Right. And just one last thing; again, based on the comment you made earlier, if the quarter came in perhaps a little bit stronger than you had anticipated and again, that you typically have pretty good visibility on your business going into a year, let alone a quarter, can you help us better understand what the components were that maybe kind of drove a slightly better result than you had anticipated. 
Mark Marcon: Yes, and then with regards to the healthcare offering on the PEO side, how should we think about the profitability of that. 
Mark Marcon: So, it sounds like the reality of what we should think about from an economic perspective would basically be that 11% to 14% growth on an underlying basis is really where we should focus. 
Mark Marcon: Great and is there a sizable percentage that are now approaching our old historical pre-recession quarter rates. 
Mark Marcon: Right and then one last one. Marty, with regards to the commentary in terms of the competitive takeaways, I missed that in terms of who that’s coming from. Can you…
