Efrain Rivera: Jason, so I think that is a fair number. The only caveat I would add to that is that what that number that we're giving on payroll suggests is. We're just not getting an uplift from checks per payroll, which if you went back two years ago, we were getting 2%-plus on checks per payroll, combination of – small commendation of mix, but just very, very, very modest assumptions on checks per payroll just don't contribute to payroll revenue growth. So I think it's somewhere in that range.
Efrain Rivera: Really not. You know what, I'd just say if you look at our results this year, our leverage down to the EBIT line was about 100 basis points. So we had a pretty good year in terms of leverage. Now what you're seeing there is the fact that – two things that are implicit there. Number one, we had a really good year in mid-market sales. In some areas, our win rates were really, really, really strong. And as we look into the year we did two things this year. In 2016, we added to the mid-market sales force, which we don't typically do mid-year but we did. And as we added to the mid-year sales force, we were also transforming the service model. So we've made a lot of changes on the service model to improve service to mid-market clients and just in anticipation of that growth, we decided that it was important to have a year where we'll put more money into bolstering our service there. So that's what's happened. I think it's really kind of more of a one-year to two-year thing than a long-term issue in terms of affecting leverage. And finally to your point, PEO is just not big enough to really move the needle yet. It could if it really grew significantly beyond where it is now, but not affecting it now.
Efrain Rivera: Hey, so, and Jason, on the other question. This year, ACA compliance services were, contributed less than 1% of the growth in revenue. Next year really is pretty negligible in terms of growth. If there's some, I should say it's not zero, but most of the clients, the bulk of the clients that needed the service signed up, and a number of them will probably understand that they needed it and we'll have some additional clients. But we've absorbed that headwind, if you will, that modest headwind into our guidance and feel pretty comfortable about where revenues is going to land next year.
Efrain Rivera: No, I don't think so. I think two things. One is you only go through a Flex transition a few times in a technology cycle, so frankly, it's a byproduct of the success we are having selling Flex. So it's not a change to the model, it's really, frankly, the success we're having in the mid-market, requiring – in our world, bolstering our service a bit. So that technology and that service is scalable as you grow clients initially the way we are now, we just have to scale up the service component of it. So it's more short-term in nature.
Efrain Rivera: Yeah, so I'll talk to that and then let Marty give some more comment on it. So David, this year, we had pretty strong growth, actually even a little bit higher than we had planned on the payroll services side, which would include mid-market. And as I mentioned, we had pretty healthy growth in mid-market sales adds. So overall, we're still going to be in the 2% to 3% growth range this year, but that's because in payroll services last year, we were between 5% and 6%. So some of those adds were done in anticipation of this year. And we add selectively to certain sales forces. You've heard in previous calls, for example, that when a year or so ago, a year-and-a-half, we added mid-year to PEO and that paid some dividends. So each year, we're taking a look at where we think there's opportunities and adding selectively to the sales force.
Efrain Rivera: I would say it's probably in the 2% to 3% range. Unless – so assuming rates were lower this year, and it's a little bit tough to anticipate, but I'm just assuming it will be wage growth and not – there won't be a change in any of the other balance figures.
Efrain Rivera: That's a good question. So we'll let them talk about that, but I'd just give two pieces of guidance. We've said we like to keep it in that low-80%s range as a percentage of net income, and we'd like it to track income, yeah. So it will be somewhere in that range.
Efrain Rivera: Well I'd say the first thing I'd mentioned is part of the answer to that, Gary. So checks per client, when they go flat to modestly negative because the client mix, you end up having an impact on payroll service growth, number one. Number two, it is, it's not seven months, it's actually about six months’ worth of revenue that we'll get from Advance. So although that's a pretty minor number, it's not quite as much as you're suggesting. And I think there's more, I think what we'd recognize as we've gone through the year is that the higher the client growth, and we've set pretty ambitious goals again next year, it'll be between 2% and 3%, initially that comes at some impact in terms of what you're expecting on overall pricing. So we recoup that over time, but as you grow, and this has been the history of the company prior to the recession, you pay a little bit of a price on checks and also on overall rate based on what's happening with client growth. So it's all of that. And then the third thing that I would say, which you're not factoring in, is we had a nice bump, uplift from the ACA compliance product. And while I had mentioned I think earlier in response to Jason's question that we absorbed it in the guidance, of course, we're not having that uplift in growth this year that we had last year. So if you stripped all of that out, you'd see underlying acceleration. We're obviously not going to detail all of that out to get to the guidance. So those are the factors that affect the overall rate.
Efrain Rivera: I'm sorry, one other thing by the way. Sorry about that, Gary. We have one less day in the year. So that's the other part of payroll service growth. So all of those things imply if you made [indiscernible] I won't put you through the pain of doing, you'd see that we're actually accelerating a bit.
Efrain Rivera: Yeah. I don't have a precise number on that Sara, but I can say that in the fourth quarter, sales to newly-formed businesses were up about 10% from the quarter before. We had a pretty nice bump. So I think we're getting some uplift from being, I think one, probably more competitive there and second from a little bit better business environment.
Efrain Rivera: No, no. Actually, I think I mentioned in a previous call, and we'll put out the exact number to the right decimal in the 10-K, but our average client size is – was 17. We may have ended the year at 16.92 or 16.95. No significant change. I think we continue to have strong mid-market sales. I would expect that number may go up. But this year was a little bit anomalous in that it skewed a little bit lower. But tiny, but it moves the needle.
Efrain Rivera: It's interesting you say that, Kartik. So as I was driving in this morning, I was trying to figure out what happens if we're in an environment where the Fed doesn't raise during the year and at this stage haven't decided to make any changes, but it's certainly is something that we'd have to look at the duration of the portfolio if the yield curve looks the way it is now over time. And no decisions on that, but that's something we'll have some discussions on as we go through the quarter. It's just, as you can imagine, it's pretty dizzying trying to figure out what the right scenario is when I would say three months ago, we were thinking there might be as many as three raises in the next – in the fiscal year, and now it looks increasingly like if you get one, that will be a lot. Maybe zero. So, yeah, we're thinking about how to create the right portfolio structure without increasing risk.
Efrain Rivera: I mean, the other thing, Kartik, I'd like to add that is important and I think I've mentioned this after the third quarter doing a number – in a number of comments, it's important to remember that when we sell Flex, a portion of that revenue is payroll, and a lot of it's reported in HRS. So I cautioned that while we're not walking away from looking at payroll revenue as an important part of the revenue growth of the company, increasingly, when we sell Flex, a portion of that is reported in HRS. So all of the discussions we've talked about, modules like time and attendance, HR administration, expense management, applicant tracking and recruiting, employee shared responsibility or ACA, those are all recorded in HRS. So you need to look at both pieces to really kind of get a complete assessment of how we're doing.
Efrain Rivera: I was waiting for that. You get the gold star for that question, Jeff. So the answer is we had some small investments that we wrote down the value, didn't write them off, but wrote down the value when we looked at it in the portfolio. Very small things. But the way we record that is in that line, so that's why it went negative a little bit.
Efrain Rivera: So, the loss of the processing day, didn't call that out specifically, David, but it's, I'd say, probably about 25 basis points. Advance is about probably another 25 basis points.
Efrain Rivera: Yeah, ex float. So, we, this year, ex float, we were at about 50 basis points of leverage, which is what we typically do in a given year. We'll be less than that next year for the reasons that I called out.
Efrain Rivera: But I still think that going forward, we're going to try to be in that 50-plus basis point leverage range. And if we can't hit that in a given year, then we're going to have a specific reason why we can't. In this case, we had a lot of discussions internally about do we add the resources that – both in compliance services, as I mentioned earlier, and in mid-market. And it was pretty clear that given the amount of growth we had to do that. But I don't think that's going to happen every single year, but it was important this year. But I don't think it changes long term, the trajectory of building plans that include 50 basis point plus, because that's the way we go into our planning cycles. And we think it's doable. It's hard, it takes a lot of work, but we think it's doable.
Efrain Rivera: Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, yeah, it's a combination of two things. One is some work on state taxes that we have done; and also, the software tax credit change has a continuing impact going forward. So, it's the combination of both of those. And superior work for our tax group. But beyond that – but that's it.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, thanks. Hey, Ashwin. Before you go, so – and then to Mark's question, apologize, I didn't have the schedule right in front of me. So, net income excluding the tax event this year, the correct base is $738,600,000, in case I wasn't clear. Then we'll just post it to the website, too, and the schedules that we release shortly, if we haven't done it already.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, I think, well obviously today's a big filing day, and it's been certainly a complicated process. And probably the most complicated is just helping clients through the process, what was needed and especially those clients that came in kind of later in taking the product. But, an outstanding job by the employee teams that have been working on it and we feel pretty good about the filing that we're doing. And a lot of work, by the way, with the IRS too, our compliance team's working with the IRS for this first year of real, true filing. I think you'll see some of that sales, obviously there was a lot of upfront sales, and I think you'll see some of that slowdown some. However, when you think about how many new clients come in to us every year, we think we'll have a great attachment rate of that product that really is necessary. And one of the costs, as Efrain said, with the investment in the mid-market, one of those costs is continuing to invest in the ACA support because as we've learned, as we've gone through, this requires even more support of the clients and the filing requirements, and a little more technology to kind of help the clients through the process. So I feel good about it, it's been a tough number of months to get through this, but we're excited on the filing date and the additional investments we're going to make.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, I think we're at – well, there's always continued investment, but I think we are at a pretty good place for the level of IT spend in R&D, and so I think, you'll gain something there, but we won't be going up much in that spend, I don't think, but you won't see it necessarily go down a lot, either. So it will be a pretty good steady place there. I think what Efrain has talked about the most is we're gearing up for some of the service. As you add it all, if we added all these products, we're changing some of our service models and we're putting more technology in self-service for the client, so there's some things that they can do, there's more things they can do if they want to, or they can still come into the payroll specialist or other teams. And, so I think IT is at a pretty good spend rate, and they'll continue to go up, but not as much as they have in the past, because we got to a pretty good place with the level of investment.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, I think it's consistent growth, as Efrain said. And because we added – and we were very happy with the fact that we added kind of mid-year particularly in that mid-market area earlier than normal. So instead of making sure we were staffed up to begin this fiscal year, we actually added probably three months earlier than normal into the mid-market because of the demand, which was a really good thing. But you'll see overall I think the growth will be in that normal kind of 3% range. And we add a little bit to all of them, but mostly, as Efrain said, it's in the payroll space, and particularly in the mid-market.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, the payroll client. That's the payroll client base, and for the year, what we were saying was it was over 2%.
Martin Mucci: Yes. On the Flex product, I think, Gary, we've got most of everything, the main pieces in there, particularly the paperless on-boarding and recruiting and the benefits administration now that came in from BeneTrac that we integrated in. So we feel pretty good. I think there's always other components that we're looking at competitively to see if we need to add, but for the most part, kind of the vast majority of everything is in now, and integrated on a kind of single employee record, which is working well for the sales and so forth. The vast majority of our clients have, are on the Flex platform. And so while we continue to work on some of the mid-market, the vast majority of the clients are already on Flex and there isn't a migration that's needed from that standpoint. So I think we're in good shape with people on Flex. And they are gaining, anyone on Flex is gaining all the mobility additions. So a lot of work now is going to making mobility and the online visibility into a simpler, easier to use, more HTML5 kind of language. Also the options for, we haven't talked about it, but the options for Spanish, we've really put most everything in Spanish now and we're seeing a nice uptick in sales to Hispanic businesses, which has been a focus for us the last few years from both the sales and service perspective. So I think what you'll see now is not as much product functionality that's missing as it is the look, the feel, and the mobility piece of it. And by the way, everything's being developed now here mobile-first. So basically you make it simple so that almost everything can be done on the phone, and then it grows more complex online.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we're still pretty active and we've got probably one of the better pipelines we've had. Still looking, the decision is the value and the fit, and we're very selective about what we've acquired. We've done more acquisitions in the last five years than I think probably any time in history, and we felt very good about each one of those, whether from SurePayroll to now Advance Partners. So I think we're still very active in it. It's hard to say whether things will come to fruition or not, but we feel good about the pipeline that's out there and the activity that we're involved in right now.
Martin Mucci: Yes, it's – I think it's been good. Particularly the time and attendance piece of it as we've integrated it in, and the mobility functionality that's with it where you can punch in, punch out and so forth, I think, has been probably the most popular, and I think that's because you see the overtime rules that have been approved now, and that will be enacted soon. I think a lot of a number of clients are now looking at time and attendance as something they really have to have and they're looking at great options like ours. I think the electronic basically paperless on-boarding and recruiting of new employees has been good. It's relatively new, and getting the sales teams to make sure it's in that first proposal has probably been more of a challenge, so we'll get it all in there. But I think that one has got a tremendous opportunity in front of it, I think we're starting to really capture that now, a few months into – after the release of it.
Martin Mucci: It definitely is going up because we can see it from a revenue per unit standpoint. We've seen a nice uptick over the years of revenue per unit. So more clients are taking the products upfront, particularly with the integrated selling approach, and that's kind of in all sizes of clients. Mid-market right down to I'd say, 10 to 15 employees even. There's much more of an acceptance of taking more modules, and there's much more of a need for it, and so the value has been much greater. I don't know if I'd really, if there's really an average number, but it definitely has increased the revenue per unit, and we're good at both, I think we're much better now at the integrated selling of selling net value upfront that we've talked about. And then as we go on, if the clients don't have it, we have a great team that comes kind of – back around to the clients and said, hey, now that you have, let's say payroll and time and attendance, let's talk about benefit administration and, so that can help you in Affordable Care Act and everything else that we offer. So definitely the attachment has been a big part of our – a big assistance to our growth rate.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, I'd say we're always looking at payroll. There's opportunities out there for that, and we're looking also at product additions, tuck-in for product, but we've got most of that now, but we're always looking for that. And then of course all the areas that we're in, whether it be 401(k), PEO business, we're always looking at those opportunities as well. And then always looking at outside the country as well, what other opportunities are there for us. It's just a matter of, as I said, we've never been probably more active or a longer pipeline, but the valuations are still relatively high, and we're very selective as to what we go forward with. But I would say all of the above we're interested in. As long as they're a good fit and are good for both obviously for the company and for our shareholders, we look to go forward with it.
Martin Mucci: Well, we certainly hope so. I mean, what we've seen is more revenue per client and we've seen that consistently, and that's because the Flex platform allows that integration of various product bundles of different functionality within a single employee record and that it also allows you to have access to the mobile app, which has been very popular. So I think the opportunity is there. I mean, when we look out, obviously, as far as we can go as the guidance that we look at pretty closely that Efrain has detailed, and so we certainly hope the opportunity is there. We're keeping it and we're, I think, very, very competitive with it, and that certainly is our hope.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, we think of it more kind of in total service revenue because it does, obviously, it bleeds over into both of them.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think so. In fact, we feel they've been performing extremely well and the whole leadership team has come with the company, so we're excited about that. And so they performed well. We have already been looking for opportunities to increase the scale there and have a few kind of in the pipeline that we're looking at. And, yeah, we think, we're very pleased with the first six months of how that's been going and the results that they have, and, of course, the tie-in into our clients that have a number of opportunities for them and some opportunities from their clients for us. So we're very pleased with the acquisition and the team there and how we're off to a good start.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, this is Marty. I don't think so. We don't see much there. We're mostly, outside the US we're mostly in Germany, and then we have the Brazil startup there. So we don't see it. Obviously, from an acquisitions standpoint, there are opportunities there that we would be probably a little more cautious about given kind of the uncertainty over a longer period of time. But right in the short term, certainly, it has very little, if any, impact on us, at least from the UK perspective.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, I think definitely a number of them. One, I think the need, the complications of compliance with all of the regulations have increased. So you have ACA, but you have the recently done overtime regulations. You have paid leave now for families you have got to keep track of. You have a lot more immigration and keeping track of who your employees are and all of that that you have to be backed up with. And the enforcement of the rules we see are stronger. So more businesses are being impacted by audits, by investigations, by are you following the rules correctly. And because states and the Feds are also looking for more revenue sources, so states can go after things. So I think that whole regulation side has become increasingly more complex at a lower level. So we're seeing people, we're seeing clients buy time and attendance that normally were probably 40 employees and higher 30, PEO tended to be higher, now it's coming down lower, they're looking for help with insurance and benefit plans because they have to be more competitive. The other second thing would be the market is more competitive now for employees as you get closer to lower unemployment and full employment. And so people need more help with having more competitive benefits, more competitive recruiting tools, being able to recruit online, paperless, attract new employees. And I think, there was another one there I was thinking about. And I think, the acceptance of cloud-based technology and having and getting away from desktop and on-premise solutions has rapidly increased the last three years to four years, but we're still seeing that increase where years ago, people wanted to do more things themselves, worry about the security. Now, they want to trust their security of information with a third-party outsourcer, kind of totally reversed from five years or six years ago. Now they trust that Paychex is large enough and a big enough IT security team that they're going to do their best to protect their information where I used to have to do it inside. So I think there's just a big push of regulations, compliance, and the need, therefore, pushing down to a lower level. And so we're seeing that that mid-market that I would say used to be 50 to 500 or 1000 has really pushed down to maybe 15 or 20. To 500 is a real sweet spot right now that has a lot of focus.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, it never feels like we're below radar, but I think there's – that the real sweet spot of what has taken off and made many companies at least appear to do well, and I know how we're doing well, is really even that 15 or 20 to 500. I mean, we were still selling anywhere from one employee to 1000, but I would say the hottest area right now is 20 to 250 or 20 to 500. Those are the clients that really have been pushed with much more regulation and need for the products, and are now much more open to outsourcing. So I think we feel good about the opportunity that's ahead of us, that that's going to drive our growth, and it also allows us to really focus on those markets. That's a pretty huge market, 1 to 1000. And we feel pretty good that, hey, we're very focused on that, and that's who we provide the best service and the best products to.
Martin Mucci: I think, PEO, we haven't talked as much about that, but I think, PEO is still very strong. And that – part of that is supported by – or helped by the need for insurance support and benefit plans and so forth. So, we still see that growing very well. Worksite employees are double-digit growth again. And so, I think, the PEO and ASO, both models are continuing to grow well. 401(k) has been very steady. And we've – I think, we've talked about the fact that we went after larger – what we call large-market or higher-asset clients. And we feel that, that's got a great opportunity as well. A lot of things kick around about 401(k)s and so forth, but we're still doing very well, really introducing some more 401(k) record-keeping plans than anybody else. And we've got a solid sales and service team that really do very well there. So, the sales have been consistent, the client growth very consistent in 401(k). And the retention this year, probably the best it's been in our history. So, I think, all those components, we don't talk to as much, but they've been steady and real good components of the growth.
Martin Mucci: Yeah. I think, it's a little bit more pressure, probably. I think with more competitors and so forth, it's not a big change in the competitive environment, believe it or not. For the number that are out there, we all seem to be doing well. But, I think, there's a little more pressure on price. And on the low end, there's a little more pressure, because, I think, as new businesses – as Efrain said, the new businesses have kind of come back, and so when you have new businesses that start up, there's always a little pressure to – for them to first kind of outsource and go to someone to do their payroll, and maybe their payroll and time and attendance. There's a little more price pressure to get them in started, but remember, that we then roll-off a lot of times the discount for a period of time. So, I think, a little bit more pressure there, but nothing that would be major at this point.
Martin Mucci: Oh, thank you, Mark. Appreciate that. Efrain went off script there, so, I appreciate it. It's a great team, very proud of the team.
Martin Mucci: I – there certainly has been sales growth. That's, as Efrain and I said, that's where we added nice percent of the sales force mid-year, which is rare for us. We felt the opportunity was so good with the Flex product and all the additional modules that we added. So, sales, for me have been definitely stronger. I think, the other thing you may have mentioned...
Martin Mucci: No, not really. No. Okay, no, not – we really haven't. I mean, those – and that's why we felt good about having those additional sales reps in place there, because we're still seeing a strong demand. And I think it's all the things that I mentioned earlier that – why we're seeing that. So, no, we feel very good. And the other thing is mid-market, as I might – I think, I mentioned earlier. It's funny, it used to be that kind of 50-line for us, but I think you're seeing a lot of what you could call mid-market demand anyway is kind of gotten down to an even lower size. And so – and that momentum has picked up, and that gives you a lot of opportunity to sell more products if they need more.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, I think, still quite a bit of room. When you think about the penetration, these products really haven't been – many of our products, even HR administration online, and time and attendance online are older. Time and attendance product really haven't been around that long. It's been more of the last three years to four years, maybe five years tops, then we track a little bit longer in benefits admin. So, there's room there. And I think, as they see the benefit of Flex and the mobility that comes with it, the mobile options, and the whole different look and feel to it, I think, that helps sell them, along with if there's many more product modules available to you, and the fact that it's really with one single employee record. I think that is pulling a lot of clients in, where five years ago, we would've said, a, you have Payroll, and you have other modules, but they're not fully integrated. Now, there's much more of a pull from the clients [indiscernible]. So, I think, we've got some nice opportunity still in the mid-market. Selling new, we're selling much more integrated upfront and better attachment rates, but there's still a lot of room, which we – and we do that. We attack, we go back into the base to sell them the value-added features that they need.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, it's a mix. We have both kind of a virtual sales that go back into the base as well. But those existing reps who have the relationships and so forth will also – and with the clients, will go back and sell it. So, both can sell.
Martin Mucci: So if it should happen – I mean, I think, obviously, the biggest impact – if I get your question right, Ashwin, I think the biggest impact there would be new client growth. Because last – anytime a recessionary-type thing happens, it has impact on the payroll service revenue growth, because the clients either more go lost, because they can't sustain the business, and fewer start up. So, the client growth puts obviously a damper on that. I don't think we've definitely laid it out what exactly that would be. It doesn't always have an impact on the number of products they buy, because they typically buy those that bundle, let's say, because they need it for those that are staying in business. The biggest impact will be losses, client retention. And new business start-ups would be the biggest impact, I would say.
Martin Mucci: Yes, for them, as Efrain mentioned, they're really not in our client count, so – in our payroll client count that we always give for the over 600,000 clients. And – so, it's not so much about client acquisition, other than for themselves. So, we're looking for them to grow their revenue base through new clients, obviously, and selling more product to them. To us, it was broadening, really, the markets that we serve. So, here's a company that is profitable, is – had nice revenue growth, good leadership team, saw a lot of potential, and the staffing business that they support, those staffing companies, we saw is a growing market, and because there's continued more temporary help and staffing help that's going to be needed, I think particularly with overtime rules and so forth. So, we saw them as a component of the portfolio to grow revenue. There'll be some overlap between us, and the fact that we have a number of staffing companies that are payroll clients or other products, and so we'll look to refer. We're already doing that, looking to see if those staffing companies who were clients of us for payroll could be helped by payroll funding and other support from Advance. But I think, that's how we look at it, it's another opportunity to broaden our revenue growth, because we see staffing companies as a real growth opportunity.
Martin Mucci: All right. At this point, we will close the meeting. If you're interested in replaying the webcast for the conference call, this will be archived until August 1. Thank you for your interest in Paychex, and thank you for your participation in our fourth quarter and fiscal 2016 earnings release call and webcast. We're very proud of our Paychex employees and the great fiscal year 2016 we had. And we're looking forward to another great year as we begin fiscal 2017. We look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: So, I think, Mark just asked a question and you just answered this, the 8% net income guide. Then you said it excludes the $0.05 tax benefit.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Okay. Got it. And we get a lot of questions on operating leverage. So, Efrain, you tried to clarify in your prepared remarks, but I still have a question. And that's it basically...
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Specific to technology spend, last year, I think, was the first time in many years that you've said basically that it's – the rate of growth is settling down, similar comment this year. Is this just the kind of market and client expectation that you have to keep that tech spend up, where you don't really get leverage from it, but it's clearly not hurting on operating margins, so you kind of – when you say steady the percent of revenue? Is it...
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. That makes sense. So, that answers all my questions. Happy Fourth of July coming up here.
