Martin Mucci: Yes, what we’ve seen with the Paychex IHS Small Business Index, which we released for the month yesterday, we saw the best three-month increase in the job growth rate for small businesses under 50 in two years, so this wiped out all the decrease that--we saw kind of a decrease in the growth rate at the end of ’15, calendar year 2015, and then this first quarter we saw that bounce back and kind of wipe out all the decrease. So we think that small business hiring, job growth is on the upswing right now. It’s not huge but it certainly has recovered the decrease we saw last year, so we’re pretty optimistic about it.  We’re seeing it--you know, there is some part-time in there that we’re seeing increase as well, and you’re seeing it in services or in sectors of jobs like other services and leisure and hospitality, where there tends to be some part-time jobs. But we’re definitely seeing some optimism in the job growth rate.
Martin Mucci: I haven’t heard it yet, but I think as the deadline for the 1095Cs tomorrow hits, and there has been a lot of activity obviously in the last 30 days with clients and those who were not providing some of the data and now are scrambling to give data and make sure that they’re covered, I think--you know, we still expect that we’ll see a second wave pick-up here somewhat in the next quarter, but I haven’t really heard that yet. But I do think it will pick up.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think we were pleased with the selling season, and I think year-to-date we’ve continued to see that double-digit, low double-digit growth. So we’re happy, and that’s kind of across the board for the different divisions, so we’re feeling good about it.
Martin Mucci: Yes Tim, I’ll take that. I think--you know, what we’re excited about is I think we’re seeing the payoff for all the technology investment that we’ve made, and so with Flex having added that full product suite, we’re selling a lot more--we’re selling more clients and we’re selling a lot more full bundled clients with full time and attendance and HR support, benefit enrolment, benefit administration, et cetera. So we don’t break out the client base specifically, but it is growing. The sales are growing very well year-to-date, and at the highest rate that it’s been probably since pre-recession. So the mid-market has come on very strong year-to-date and certainly seeing that growth stronger than on the small end. All sales are doing well year-to-date, but that’s the strongest we’ve seen.
Martin Mucci: That’s a good question. I think it certainly has pulled some sales forward for clients who may not have made the choice to outsource before the Affordable Care Act kind of pushed them into it, but I also think in a general sense that we’ve talked about the last few years, you see the need for HR and the acceptance of outsourcing and going to an HR administration and a SaaS-based product for time and attendance, HR administration, benefit enrolment, payroll, we’ve seen that certainly come down in size from 50 employees to 100 employees, down below 50. So I think there is still plenty of opportunity to have strong sales, even--it’s not just the Affordable Care Act. So we still feel good about the opportunity for future sales because the demand has come down, so meaning more clients are interested in it and gaining value from it, and the fact that I think we’ve invested very timely in our products and service model to be able to respond to that increased demand.
Martin Mucci: Not really, Bryan. We’re not seeing much change from a competitive standpoint, frankly, in any of the markets. We focus primarily on that small to midsize, up to 1,000, and primarily I’d say up to 500 or so, and again very strong on the mid-market and the low end was kind of as expected in a typical selling season. As Efrain and I both mentioned, year-to-date our net client gain is the best it’s been since pre-recession levels, so we’re feeling good about not only the sales side of it but also the retention.
Martin Mucci: Well I think primarily it’s organically. There may be some opportunity, just like they would have if they were on their own, to acquire other companies, and they’ll always look at that just like we are, that are in that kind of business. But organically what we saw was a great leadership team that had been producing solid growth, and it fits our market. It’s small and midsized staffing companies that they provide everything from payroll funding to payroll outsourcing to HR support, and we think it’s a good fit and we saw their clients, that’s a growing industry with their clients. When we started getting into this, we were surprised at the thousands of small independent staffing firms that needed that support, and we thought they were providing a great product and had lots of growth opportunities. When you couple that with the fact that we have a number of staffing companies as clients, independent staffing companies as payroll clients, we now, I think, can take to our clients additional product and services that they offer, and that will help their growth even more. So we saw it as a really good fit, not only from a product to service, a market and a leadership team vantage point.
Martin Mucci: I think it’s stabilized at this point, unless we have a big influx of new sales. But I think this was the most difficult quarter to get through in getting all of the first--you know, first time going through getting all the 1095C forms out and so forth, so we ramped up for that. I think that will be--I’m not sure that that will decrease necessarily at this stage, but I think we’ve ramped up and I think we’re holding pretty well at this stage, and then any other additional headcount will really depend on sales and the number of net clients that we’re adding. Obviously we’ve said the net client gain is better than last year, better than we’ve seen in a few years, so that may drive some headcount; but I don’t see any big jump over what we’ve already done.
Martin Mucci: I think it’s more the upgrades related to Flex, so I think we’re holding--you know, we’re maintaining a good retention in our mid-market clients, but the sales have increased and it hasn’t been, I don’t think, from any one competitor. I think we’re doing well against our main competitor there, but I think we’re winning--we’re just winning more because the product and the service levels are better. So it doesn’t feel like a one-time thing to me. The sales have accelerated and shown consistency.
Martin Mucci: You know, pretty much the last two quarters, but I think mostly this quarter as you get to year-end, it’s a little bit skewed. But really, we got to the point last fall, September-October, when we really had kind of the full suite brought into the software-as-a-service product, the Flex. We added the complete time and attendance and benefit administration and enrolment, and the electronic paperless on-boarding really kind of came together on a single employee record in the September-October time frame, and that is when we started to pick up speed.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think we haven’t really seen a big shift there, maybe a little bit leaning toward the PEO given the fact that--you know, the Affordable Care Act requirements. But I think we’re still seeing sales both sides grow pretty well, it’s just a preference, and that’s why we feel very good that we have sales and service folks that kind of handle both, so they really respond to the client needs and what the best fit is. You still see PEO predominantly in certain states where there’s a comfort level with it and there’s just a better knowledge of it, but we’re seeing that expand to a few other states but it’s still primarily in those PEO states, as I guess I’d say.
Martin Mucci: Yes Jim, we’re already in process of--you know, we have identified the clients that we have that are independent staffing agencies. We’re working with the sales team at Advance to get them out and talking to them, where they already have a relationship with Paychex and now will see this as an additional offering. It’s early stage - we closed it at the end of December, but I think we’ve already been working on having identified the clients, get them in the hands of the sales team, make sure the sales team understands, and be very careful with how they approach those clients because they’re Paychex clients and we’re trying to approach them but offer them additional services and support.  You know, as Efrain said earlier, we don’t see any big one-time integration costs for this. That’s another great thing about the acquisition and bringing them into the Paychex family. We saw ongoing expense and ongoing revenue and expense, but no big one-time integration costs. It’s really just bringing the groups together.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we hope so. I mean, we certainly would model it that way. As we did the acquisition, we felt that they had good growth but they were somewhat limited from a capital perspective, obviously, and from a cash perspective for their funding, for the funding of their clients and the work that they do. And then, just the client base that we have, I think between those two, we do expect to be able to help them accelerate their growth.
Martin Mucci: Sure, it’s payroll clients. We always kind of talk about it as payroll clients, so it’s the net client gain of the total payroll base, the one that we give kind of once at a year at the end of the year. We’ll give the base, and year-to-date we’ve seen the best net client gain because of a combination of both better sales and solid retention since the recession.
Martin Mucci: Yes, and actually when we look at that client gain, retention has held pretty steady, which has been around our best ever, so we’re right near our best ever retention. It hasn’t really improved all that much, but it’s holding very well even as the client--even as the sales have gone up, so we feel very good about that because sometimes as the sales increase, obviously the retention becomes more difficult as we’re bringing in more clients. The sales have gone up. The retention, I’d say has stayed pretty level as its best ever that we saw last year.
Martin Mucci: Yes Mark, I’ll probably go fairly broad there, but its 50--I’d say 50 to 300. That’s where the most new activity is, I think, when you see it because that’s where there’s need, particularly with the ACA compliance and so forth has come down and more are outsourcing and interested in outsourcing. So I think that’s where we’re seeing probably the biggest jump. It’s not in the 500-plus. You know, I’m saying 300=plus, 250-plus, we’re still doing fine there but the acceleration has been more that 50 to 250 or 300.
Martin Mucci: I think--no, I feel pretty good about it. You never know, but at this stage--you know, the only questionable thing would be--we call it ESR, it would be ACA compliance, does that catch that second wave or not. But overall, I think you may see a second wave in ACA as well as health and benefit insurance. You know, from more people needing insurance, we made some headway there, but the 401K, the PEO, ASO all seem very steady, and as Efrain said, a lot of our bundled products on low and mid, being HR administration, on-boarding, time and attendance, all seem to be very--continuing to be very strong. So yes, I would expect that.
Martin Mucci: No, I don’t think so. Our number of competitive wins has increased, and I think particularly as I mentioned in the fall as those products--as the whole product suite got under that single employee record and we had that full single sign-on kind of flexibility, no, they definitely have picked up. So while we certainly are bullish on how well we’ve done on ancillary sales and add-ons and full packages, it’s been also the payroll in the mid-market has been very strong, strongest its been in years, so we feel very good about the mid-market payroll sales as well - payroll and full bundle.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think for the mid-market, where we’ve been talking a lot about this morning, I think the biggest, the best impact for our clients has been the multi-product centers that we’ve been putting together. So in the past, you would have your payroll support and then you would have your additional products in unique supports, where they're uniquely trained on that product - time and attendance, an HRO. While that worked well, sometimes clients would say, geez, it would be even better if you were more connected as a team so that things between various products, if I had questions on how to use something or get the most value out of it. So those multi-product centers have been established by John Gibson and the team, and we’re staffing those up now and we’re seeing more clients come into those multi-product centers. That’s probably been the biggest benefit. The other one is last year at some point, we went to 7/24 service, and that’s been a benefit. I would say that’s more of a benefit on the small end of clients, and we’ve seen an increased use of that where they were doing payroll themselves online and it’s off hours - it’s Saturday, it’s Sunday, it’s a weeknight late at night and they get hung up on something that they want to do. They can call for that 7/24 support now, and that’s gained a lot of interest and a lot of positive feedback as well. So I think it’s that flexibility, and as well of course they can do a lot more self-service. They can do a lot more things themselves, and we’re finding that clients don’t actually stick to one service model. They this week might want to be doing more things themselves, then get hung up on creating a couple of special bonuses or something the next week and need support, and the next week they might need after-hours support. So it’s that flexibility that we’re finding is getting positive feedback.
Martin Mucci: Not a significant change in pricing there. We don’t really charge a lot extra for this. What we charge in the price--you know, if you’re taking a full bundle of products and you’re supported by the multi-product center, we feel you’re paying for that level of support in the price of the product, so we’re not having you sign up for various support levels. We feel that when you’re buying a full product suite from us, we’re going to give you a full multi-product service response to your needs.
Martin Mucci: Sure. I mean, there is payroll only, there is obviously various product bundles, and we’re seeing more take multiple products. It’s never enough for us - we’d always like to see even more of that, but we certainly have a lot of payroll only but we also are picking up a lot of steam, as Efrain mentioned, with taking the full product suite right up front. Our model used to be, hey, let me sell you payroll, once you’re used to it, it’s working well, you’re feeling good about our relationship, two months later we come in with a sales force on 401K or a sales force on time and attendance, or whatever. Now, we’re selling much more of the full suite of products right up front in the sale through integrated or team selling.
Martin Mucci: You know, I think it’s kind of a mix. I mean, I do think there is--it’s going both ways. You’re seeing those with needs coming down, so I’d say even 20-plus employees, sometimes 15 depending on the business, they want more of a full service solution, so they’re not just looking for payroll, they’re looking for help with recruiting and on-boarding their clients, and screening and all of that, that’s tied right in with their payroll. They’re not just looking for payroll, so there is that growth in demand.  Then, there is also on the low end much more of--there’s more clients who say, hey, I just want an online solution with 7/24 support when I need it, and I’m willing to do and I want to do more things myself. So we’re trying--you know, the changes we’ve been making the last few years in technology and service models have been to respond to kind of all of that, so if you’re an online client, we’ve made the online, and continuing to do that, actually, this next 12 months make it much easier, make it kind of an employee journey for the client so that they can walk through all the way from hiring right through to payroll, HR, et cetera in a very self-service format, if that’s the way they want to do it. 
Martin Mucci: A little bit. I don’t think we lost a lot to them, but we have seen a little bit of a pick-up on the health insurance side, I think where they probably lost some clients due to the concern about them and so forth, and the licensing and compliance. So we’ve picked up some there. I wouldn’t say it’s measurable or anything, but particularly in those markets on the west, midwest and west coast where it’s been most visible, I think we’ve probably picked up a little bit of demand there.
Martin Mucci: All right. At this point, we’ll close the call. If you’re interested in replaying the webcast of this conference call, it will be archived until about May 2. Thank you for taking the time to participate in our third quarter press release conference call and for your interest in Paychex. Have a great day.
Efrain Rivera: There weren’t any integration costs, but obviously our expenses were higher. I think I called it out in the comments that essentially in the quarter, the additional revenue from Advance Partners was matched by the additional expense, so it’s recurring, it’s not non-recurring, but it’s in those numbers.
Efrain Rivera: Wow, you pack, Ryan, a lot of questions in one sentence, so let me unpack that. So I think you’re right that about 3% is correct. In my comments, I called out specifically that the driver of that being--of the 3%, which by the way is up sequentially from the comparable quarter a year ago where we were a little bit over 2%, really was driven by checks. There’s two things that happened, because I’ll get a number of questions on this on the call. Third quarter is unusual compared to every other quarter in the year because third quarter is a quarter where you have more checks than normal due to bonus checks. There is simply no way to figure it out, and I’ve spent a lot of time looking at dollars to figure out whether they equate to checks, so we don’t know whether there just may have been lower check volume in part because of bonus checks. And then the second thing that I called out is our client mix was a little bit lower in the quarter than we modeled, and so the combination of both of those drove the rate down a little bit. We’ll have to see whether that’s a trend that continues. In part, there is a good point to that. Our unit sales growth is at this point trending about two times, double what it was last year, so when you have that, you tend to have a mix that skews a little bit lower. Then one other point that I would make on that is that the way that we report numbers, what you see as payroll is simply the portion of a bundle that is payroll. It really says nothing literally until you can aggregate to that the non-payroll portion of the sales that are made in the mid-market, and there we saw some nice pick-up in the quarter.  So I think the short of it, after I’ve said all of that, checks were a little bit lighter in the quarter than we anticipated. We’ll see whether that’s a trend that continues. Client mix skewed a little bit smaller than we had projected, but we’ll see where we go from here. And know when I say--those of you who know when we talk about guidance, when I say it’s between 4 and 5, you can peg where we expect it to be.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so unit sales are going to--obviously you need to know what losses are, but that’s one, the first part of the equation. So unit sales growth is trending higher than it was last year, and because sales--I’m sorry, losses are trending in line with where they were last year, we’re expecting obviously decent net client growth.
Efrain Rivera: Well year-to-date, I’d say this, Tim, that our net client growth year-to-date is higher than it was last year.
Efrain Rivera: Yes Gary, I’d say Q3 is kind of a weird quarter in the sense that there’s always some elements of timing in it, and if I just pick on the quarter and project Q3 forward and say what do you assume about that, I think you’ve got to add in Q4 to get a better picture because the back half tells a better picture, and sequentially Q4 is going to be stronger than Q3. But I think you need to take both of those quarters together, and that gives you a more accurate picture of where the company is going. I think that obviously you’ve got projections, and there are street projections out there, and they seem reasonably in line with what we expect is going to happen, and then we’ll issue guidance off of that. So I don’t--you know, this is not a business where you can project one quarter to tell you what the rest of the year is going to look like, because there is always elements of timing, when days fall. For example, this quarter ended on a Monday. Whether the quarter ends on a Monday or a Thursday can have some impacts on revenue, so I’d say you really need to look at 3 and 4 to kind of form a better opinion.
Efrain Rivera: But we’re pleased--you know, just one other thing, Gary. When we look at the key indicators--before this call, I looked at 12 key indicators. I’m looking at client base, I’m looking at discounting, I’m looking at net client growth, I’m looking at sales units, I’m looking at annualized sales revenue - I mean, every vector was pointing in the right direction. The only item in the quarter that was a little bit lighter than we anticipated was checks and there is some variability in that, so it doesn’t concern me significantly. 
Efrain Rivera: Okay, hey Gary, I think your numbers are off, so let me just correct your assumption. So we actually paid somewhere between four and five times revenue for it, and we paid less than 10 times EBITDA for it. We don’t typically overpay, so that’s Part A, so I think your numbers are slightly off. The second part is we are not in the staffing business, and we have no interest in being in the staffing business, but we have a lot of interest in providing back office services to the staffing business because we think from a secular growth perspective, and Marty alluded to it earlier in his comments, we think temp staffing is going to do nothing but go up, Part A.  Part B is there is lots of small and medium sized staffing firms, and those of you who cover that industry know that, and for every large staffing company there’s always spinoffs that need financing and funding and back office services. So we had looked at this transaction literally for three years before we pulled the trigger, to convince ourselves that the growth rates were real and that there’s an opportunity for someone with the right kind of both service and capital availability to come in and make an impact. So we are very, very comfortable about both of those issues, and that’s really what drove the transaction, and so far, so good.
Efrain Rivera: Look - I think, Bryan, pricing is always competitive during the selling season. This was no different, and as I’ve mentioned in a number of meetings, you discount during the quarter at a level that’s appropriate to get the business, and then over time if you deliver service, you have a chance to recoup that discount. So I would say it was comparable to what we’ve seen in prior years.
Efrain Rivera: I wouldn’t use depression, but I use the word moderated. Look - I don’t completely--I can’t completely answer that question because bonus checks, as I mentioned earlier, in Q3 have an impact, so it could be that we see a little bit lighter checks per client going into the fourth quarter because of client mix. But I would assume that’d be a little bit lighter than we had initially projected in Q4.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so three questions. I would say this, that when you look at the results for the quarter, EPS was up 9% and shares were down, so we’ve been slowly whittling away at the share count and would anticipate that we’ll be flat to modestly down in the future. So we do have--we added share buybacks into our capital distribution approach, but Kartik, the second point is that--and Advance is one example of it, so for a number of years you’ve heard us say that we wanted to keep some powder dry to be able to move quickly to do acquisitions. [Indiscernible] pipeline is as robust as it’s really been in the last three or four years, and there are a number of acquisitions that we’re looking at that could consume much or all, or even more of that cash, so we’d prefer at this point until that pipeline dries up to focus on the right kinds of selective M&A as a use of that cash. If in the next 12 months those opportunities don’t materialize, then we’ll have that discussion. Marty and I have had that discussion with the board, and at this point Part A is do M&A and then Part B will be--we’ll reach that when M&A is no longer an opportunity.
Efrain Rivera: So SK, just a few points on that. So I think we have been very effective at the low end of the market in capturing units as compared to last year. In order to have significant growth in unit acceleration that would be visible in two or three quarters, we need to have sustained--continued sustained unit growth, and we look at strategies that drive that. I mean, we’re fairly unique in that we play both in the micro space with everything from SurePayroll to the mid-market space with our Paychex Flex integrated solution, so we’ll have to have a number of continued strong quarters in terms of unit growth to drive that higher. But one thing I want to emphasize, which I said earlier, for us as we think about payroll service revenue growth, increasingly what we think about is HCM platform service growth, and we’re seeing that already. You see that in the HRS numbers. What our sales people do, a sales person in our 1 to 50 or small market sales force, they are not simply selling a payroll-only solution. They are increasingly selling a bundled HCM solution, and we’re seeing benefits from that. The benefits don’t flow into the payroll service revenue line because the portion of the HCM platform, particularly HR administration and time and attendance where we’re seeing really good growth, really is reflected in HRS.  So I think we’re seeing a bit of both, and we’re going to focus on both driving revenue by selling more integrated HCM and also driving units by approaching that smaller market aggressively.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, just a little bit more color on that, just to build on what Marty said. I mentioned earlier that payroll sales, or sales units this year are trending above last year. Actually, sales units are growing about twice the rate that they did last year - the sales units, that’s not client base. But what’s interesting is when you disaggregate that number, our sales units from new business start-ups actually were up about 7% in the quarter, so it looks like the environment--and that’s a good development for us because obviously 50% or more of our sales in a given quarter come from newly started businesses, so that’s a good development. It says the environment is good for sales.
Efrain Rivera: By the way, Jim, just a point. I was asked earlier about specific integration costs in the quarter. There were a modest amount, maybe between a million and two in the quarter. We just absorbed it, didn’t call it out especially in the numbers. Thought it was just not important.
Efrain Rivera: And Jeff, we typically have been saying that we’ll be between one and three, and if you looked at our numbers, we’ve been slightly under two in prior years, and we’re trending pretty solidly between two and three. So it takes a while for a client base of 600,000 clients to grow, but we feel pretty good about where we’re at.
Efrain Rivera: Backward-looking, and it would have been their calendar 2015, which of course you don’t have any access to. But yes, so we acquired them right at the end of December and we paid between four and five times revenue. But I would just say this about Advance, and they’ve done a phenomenal job. There are very, very few businesses that we have looked at, and we have looked at many, many whose EBITDA margins are at or exceed Paychex, so obviously that got our attention.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so--no Jeff, so part of the--you’ll see when we do the Q disclosures, we settle it out. We paid off an existing loan that they had, chose to not re-fund it. We’ll fund it again, that’s the way the business works, but then we acquired a number of receivables that basically offset the amount of the loan. So on a net basis when you filter through that, that’s what I’m talking about. It will have a--the disclosure in the Q which we’ll file at the end of the day is pretty explicit.
Efrain Rivera: No, I get it, David. I understand the point you’re making. I think I said at the--during my comments that we expected the guide for revenue to be at the high end of the range, and I’m not going to call out a 10 or 20 basis point difference, so obviously when we guide to 7 to 8, we think we’re going to be somewhere in the middle of the range at the beginning of the year. I don’t know whether 60 basis points is exactly correct - it’s not probably directionally all that far off, but now I’m into discussing whether it’s going to be 8.1 or 7.9. It’s just too close to call, especially because as I mentioned, checks were a little bit softer so I’m a little bit cautious about where we end up in Q4. That’s the color on that number. The trends are strong.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, that’s right, David, and look - frankly, just to kind of expand on that, and you’ve covered the company for a long time, 10 years ago what we did was we saw a payroll sales person either in the small market sell payroll - that’s what they sold, and then if there were ancillaries, they were sold by an ancillary sales force. That was the product we had. I would say in the last five years, certainly since Marty was CEO, that dynamic has changed pretty significantly. Our financials reflect the old dynamic, not the new one, and the new dynamic is this, two things: much, much better sales efficiency so that when Mark has a client of a certain type that we’ve identified, it’s a team sale, but we’ve already discussed that in prior calls. What’s changed really over the last 18 months is that a small market payroll sales person is able to sell an HCM bundled product, and they are increasingly doing that, meaning our payroll sales people who used to sell payroll only now sell products that are actually included in the HRS revenue, which is time and attendance and also HR administration. So it is very, very possible that total revenue can grow nicely and payroll service revenue doesn’t seem to be moving significantly, and that’s a function of where the technology has been, where the market is heading, so we’re going to have to figure out how we represent that a little bit more clearly. I think it is the case as we put more emphasis on selling more integrated bundles that you could very well see payroll service revenue not growing quite as fast, but you’re seeing sustained growth in HRS because that’s where the other components of that HCM revenue are being recorded. It wasn’t a big deal several years ago. It’s a bigger deal now.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so again, I’ll just point you to the Q. We established a dedicated line of credit for Advance, and that number is going to be somewhere between 125 to $150 million. 
Efrain Rivera: Yes, it’s going to be outstanding at any given time. By the way, just an aside, David, because I think it’s a great question, one of the things that we looked at--they’ve been around for 20 years, and obviously I--not I, we had a look at the acquisition very carefully. They’ve had very, very few problems because they have a very, very extensive credit vetting process, and we have a really first-rate group that also does that, so we’ve got--there is a lot of safeguards that go into what we do.
Efrain Rivera: Yes Mark, it’s--so I’ll answer it. That’s my pause - I’m trying to figure out how to best. It’s probably less than 1%.
Efrain Rivera: Yeah, boy, that’s three questions, so let me answer. So Part A, Mark, would be that much of what we’re looking at is in that Advance, kind of SurePayroll-Advance range, so that’s Part A. Part B, and you’ve heard me in conferences say this, we do look at larger acquisitions. It would have to be right, the numbers would have to add up, and it would have to give us some sort of durable, sustainable, competitive advantage in the market. We would look--not likely, but it’s not out of the question. Minimum cash, it’s lower than what we have on the balance sheet now, but this is a business where you have to project a sense of financial strength to the customers to whom--who are entrusting $4.5 billion of cash to use. So I don’t know precisely where that is, but certainly you would need--I would say not just cash, but liquidity, and if you’ve looked at what we’ve done, we’ve been adding greater and greater liquidity over the last two or three years quietly to make sure that we’re never in a position where there’s any issues on that.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, that’s kind of where we ended up, Sara. Now, just to clarify that, and Marty talked a little bit about the second wave, as new clients are coming on, particularly mid-market clients, you get a chance to sell the service, so that number as a percentage in the base could end up higher. But the initial wave was a little bit north of 50%.
Efrain Rivera: No, I get it. It’s a fair question. So we’ve seen sales in new businesses trending up. Q3 was a strong quarter in terms of sales to new businesses, so that’s number one. When you do that, Sara, you’re correct that the units that you sell then have this impact of driving checks down a bit, and in Q3 it’s been particular--it’s tricky because you lose the most amount of clients, obviously, and you gain a lot of clients, and if that mix is a little bit off from what we project, you can get checks being a little bit more moderate than we expected. By the way, when I say that, I’m talking about a tenth--I’m not talking about four or three, I’m talking about being off by one-tenth in what you project, so it was a little bit lighter there. Sure had a good quarter, but Sure really wasn’t driving that result. 
Efrain Rivera: No, not yet. I think we’re going to have one less than--one less day. I shouldn’t say no and then I give you the answer. The answer is one less than next year. One less than this year, just to clarify.
