John Morphy: We don't give new client sales numbers but the sales were up slightly but not much and this is the sixth month that is really the most important six months anyway so it's the next one. As far as easier comps I don't even think of it in terms of easier comps because normally checks per client doesn't go up so I would say that the comps didn't have much to do with it because the comp was only worse than the last recession by 1% of five versus four. I think one of the things that's affecting checks per client slightly on a positive basis is the fact that new business formation isn't as good as anybody would like it to be so as a result we're not introducing some of the smaller based clients at the bottom, not with that change 2.5 to zero, no. The checks per client to me were stronger than what I would have anticipated and I could ride this horse for as long as it will run and it's surprising it's gone this far but we don't see any weakness in it. And when we look at the economy the part that we see that's encouraging is the businesses that are in place seem to be pretty good right now. Bankruptcies are definitely down, falling off, retentions getting better in every area. They are definitely hiring people, maybe not like crazy and they're not letting that many people go so we're seeing some real good stability and we've seen this for nine months.
John Morphy: I think the positive piece of that is they do have the sales bank, these bank relationships through Share. We have bank relationships through Paychex that we've had from outsourcing the referrals to our fallouts product and I think we can leverage by combining those. I think the banks can understand that they can either stay with the Share product or they can go with the full-outsourced product. Whatever their clients want at the time. And all the agreements that are in place we're sure bank partners now will remain in place.
John Morphy: Yes I think if we go look at what it should be for the following year we'll know a little bit more but I think most people are settling. I don't think when we come out it's going to be a surprise.
John Morphy: I think it's a little early to tell at this point. We just put it in October. There was a number of sales in the pipeline coming in so we saw most of that happening in October from the previous months. I think once we get past January we'll have a better sense of how that's going. I think things are generally pretty good. We've made some tweaks to it already but I think we feel pretty good about it and we're waiting to kind of see how January goes. We're watching it very closely but certainly the sales reps have all been trained and pretty supportive of what we're doing and we're out there selling as best as we can. We'll let you know after the next quarter I think.
John Morphy: Not really as a board decision and let me say it this way. We comfortable with where the dividend is, when we established that dividend level we knew that paying 75% greater earnings was okay. I don't think you'd have to get back to 75% of earnings to basically say there'd be a dividend increase but it really will be up to them. I think some of that we base on what fiscal '12 looks like when we get to the July meeting. I'd be hesitant to say because I'm really not sure. We're very dividend friendly. That hasn't changed but it'll be interesting, a lot of it we've based on what maybe we saw, with some acquisition opportunities. I think that the factors that could cause that decision to be made will be what's there at that time and right now it would be too early.
John Morphy: One thing, I think we are optimistic but cautious and you won't know until you get there. One thing we don’t' read into is when you look at guidance for the year, we've reached the stage of the year where what they sell doesn't affect this year too much. So we're optimistic that we're going to have a good selling season but we're also to the point where guidance at this stage, unless you get a pretty significant economic event, the guidance should stay pretty consistent.  I'll let Martin talk about how he feels about the selling season.
John Morphy: The only thing we don't know David is we've seen a lot of improvement in the marketplace, what's existing and a lot of this new business formation, these payrolls pickups happen in January, like it or not. And you really don't know until you get right on top of it because when you're selling core payroll most sales are sold in one visit, so there isn't a lot of queuing up of the business. Now MMS we feel really good about. They're off to a good start and that business queues up probably six to eight weeks ago. We feel good about that. You've just kind of got to go in there and play the game and see what happens.
John Morphy: I think when you look at it, interest on funds held for clients, all the parameters in place, I think you can see a drop of about 10% but we're getting down to a number, that isn't a big number. Right now it might even be a penny. So I think when you look at interest on funds held for client the impact of that going forward until rates go up really isn't going to be very significant.
John Morphy: I'd have to ask my treasury people. I mean the reinvestment rates 1.2 in the long-term portfolio. I don't think that can go any lower. The short-term rates, we've got a little bit of the bites back. When they come back up I don't know they're going to come up 25 basis points a crack, I've no idea what they'll do but if they picked up 100 basis points that would be a pretty big bite. I think they're going to keep rates down as long as they can keep them down.
John Morphy: Well when you look at the margin expansion some of it's related to investments, some of it's just we've got a philosophy that's been in place for a long time that when you ask for expense growth you're not going to get it equal to revenue growth. Now unfortunately, when the recession happened you got the two negative impacts that we can plan to but we're not willing to let people go or do layoffs, which we won't, that's very hard to offset. That's checks per client coming down which that last check is the most profitable. Some of the margin expansion and negative client. Well hopefully negative client growth now is behind us but we won't know until we get to the selling season but we were flat for the six months. We were flat a year ago but we know retentions better so hopefully that will get a reasonably good answer. I don't think we're going to get a surprising answer but we'll get one and the checks per client keeps going up. But now we continue to make investments. Now one thing we haven't said too much about, we are really spending a lot more money on product development; this is that the core advanced platform is really product development. Now we're on the MMS products so our IT expenses are up dramatically. I mean I'm talking pretty significant double-digits as we try to get this product portfolio stronger and stronger. So we balance all those things with what we're doing with the other costs because we believe margins have to keep going up. Now it might now go up quite as strongly as they did this year because it got some good benefit out of checks per client but I've learned never to say never because you don't know what's going to happen. But we're going to continue to focus on those things and see what we can get. The core advanced platform now has been fully in place for a year and what's happening is the people are responding. The training is easier. We've got a lot of experienced payroll specialists but the other thing is the response time in the machine are getting better and better and they aren't finished yet. We knew we'd get some things out of this and maybe we didn't target specifically as much as maybe we should have but some of that was a little bit of trust that if we got it we would get it. So to me things are moving in the right direction. We're getting what we need to get and most of it should continue.
John Morphy: Well you know one problem we have in our business because we have so many clients. We have the (inaudible) touching them but people don't when they're talking lower (inaudible) organization. I wouldn't say we have a lot of color on that subject. I think we can look at the tax rates, I don't know if it's as much as a boon. I think the social security thing could be because people have a little more money to spend but all we're really doing is continuing what was in place. So I think, to me it's not so much you headed a positive but you got rid of some unsureness is you didn't drag something out that probably would have been negative but the social security thing, that money, it's the same amount of money basically goes to everybody so the lower income people are going to get the same amount so it will be interesting to see what happens with all that but we have not heard a lot and I think it's a little too early to see and we'll just have to watch what they tell us about consumer spending and those things in the next three to six months.
John Morphy: Well we're always looking at more and more safeguards and I think, we keep talking about this. We haven't seen a reason to change our position yet based on where we are but at the same token it doesn't mean we can just sit here and say, oh life is perfect. No we've got to keep looking at that.
John Morphy: Yes. You're welcome. I guess the first one, we're not looking necessarily to integrate it into the online technology because they're very different products. One much more self-service than the Paychex online product. We will look to leverage and integrate into our back office through our tax calculation payroll calculations and so forth. But the front end from the client perspective, we're not looking to do that at this point because they're very different. From the metrics standpoint, I mean obviously they're seeing pretty strong growth there, about 30,000 clients and they've grown pretty well. And we continue to think that they will grow very strongly in that marketplace, particularly as some of these five million businesses that are doing it maybe doing their payroll manually will come over. So we're expecting higher numbers than our normal growth because they're still relatively new, about 10 years old. This really participates in a segment that we think is going to be growing and actually it's a replacement segment. We believe right now that approximately five million businesses or over half the market are at the low end is doing payroll basically using a pen and a government pamphlet. Hard to believe but that's what they're doing. They're not in QuickBooks. There's no computer anywhere in the process. Pen and a pamphlet. Well if you look at how the world is evolving and I don't think it's going to happen overnight but the kids of today are not going to use a pencil, they're going to use some type of a handheld device. And they're not going to really care all the time whether a salesman calls on them so we believe this market that we're going into, this product will be what replaces manual payroll over the longer haul and we've got to make sure we've got something. So we don't see much cannibalization here. This is a product that will grow faster than our products because it's smaller. The revenue characteristics will be much smaller. At the same token the service requirement will be much less. Our goal on something like this would be out of 100 payrolls, only touch about three of them. So it's a whole different concept and the customers looking for a different concept. This really is the person the do it yourselfers that wants to do it himself. Doesn't want a lot of help except when he needs it. He wants to be able to call somebody. So it's an exciting opportunity but it really doesn't have all the same characteristics of our other business which is really worry free and we think you'll get the margins off for the fact to get to many, many clients you won't be touching this stuff very often.
John Morphy: Well they are low touch but they also do have a model that is similar to ours in selling 401(k) and insurance and so forth. But again more of a low touch approach to it but they do link other products to their payroll service and have been doing that for some time and have the relationships built. I'd still say it's set up pretty low penetration rate but it's something that we hope to further expand as needed in that marketplace.
John Morphy: We were the first in the industry to have them. We've had them almost 10 years and need and desire to have them just hasn’t been that strong but we have a product that's as good as anybody’s. We've been doing it a long time and we've got the whole thing covered. There's a lot of talk about this but when you get down to people asking for it there hasn't been much need yet.
John Morphy: Now that could change dramatically if you told somebody you can do direct deposit and if you don't do that you've got (inaudible) card. We're not going to send you a check anymore and if that happened you would see the utilization of those cards go up dramatically. So this thing with social security needs to be followed closely to see what happens.
John Morphy: I don't know what's possible exactly because all I know since 1990 the margins of paychecks have gone up almost every year. We continued operating this philosophy that we can continue to leverage the model. I assume that when you get to 100% gross margin you probably have peaked. Where it peaks between there and then I don't know. Just when I might say to myself boy can this go any higher it goes higher. So our goal is to keep them going higher or you've got to find some way that revenue growth that's greater than what we've got so some of that's a trade off. I mean I'm sure if we were willing to totally cave in on price you'd have more business but you wouldn't make any more money. I don't think we've reached the point at what you would say that margin expansion is not possible.
John Morphy: I think Jim it's a little too early to tell. We haven't closed yet and we're still kind of working through that. They obviously sell through a telesales and not on the street and that's part of the model given the lower revenue per client. So, we're continuing to look at that. We also want to maintain strong territory integrity for our reps but we're still kind of balancing that out. We'll wait until after we close to make a final determination of how that's going to go.
John Morphy: I think it's all in how you portray the brand of the product. That's one of the reasons we left the SurePayroll. We're going to leave the SurePayroll brand out there as either powered by Paychex or provided by Paychex. It is very important that they are very different products and so we will market them differently and look to certainly gain a different client.
John Morphy: No, we don't quantify. It's less than $5 million. It bounces around but sometimes up, sometimes down.
John Morphy: Well I think we'll still move back in these investment choices that one time we thought were very save that we could a little worried about for a while but we'll continue to. I don't see a major change in what we're going to do in the portfolio but I do think you've go to keep looking at it. Look at it a little more gust or a little more thoughtfulness. I think we hit a strategy that's worked for a long time but I think when I talk to my investment people we sit here and say yes, we think it still works but you know what we've really got to rethink the whole thing. It doesn’t mean we'll change it but I think you've got to look at it from every aspect that you can think of.
John Morphy: No, because I think a lot of it's going to be the amortization from the expenses. They've got to be expensed in the first year. I think if I looked out I'd still say it might be a penny but it's not $0.03 or $0.04.
John Morphy: I think we're still working through that Jim. It's certainly is an offering that just like the banks I think will appear to some CPA's and the fact that a CPA can handle whatever a client wants through one company will be very strong both through the banks and the CPA's so we're still finalizing how we're going to do that waiting to close in the next few weeks here but we're working through that right now. And certainly see it as an opportunity to give the CPA's choice for their clients.
John Morphy: Right now that would be on the SurePayroll service and if there's anything that goes on the Paychex side it would come much later.
John Morphy: I think we set the goal at 3%. That does not ensure payroll in it. In other words we either have to get the 3%. The reason I put SurePayroll is it isn't always a client to client because they'll be smaller clients, smaller revenue. But now we feel we've got to get back to 3% and we're doing everything we can to do that
John Morphy: I'd say I already told you. We've got some expenses. It's not that big. The bigger impact in the second half of the year is selling expenses, which are always higher. The operating characteristics off the core advanced system, the first half of the year were great. We actually, operating expenses went down a little bit. We still continue to invest and it's people and it's working faster so I think the beauty of this right now is we could have a lot of good things happen but by no means is it over.
John Morphy: Well that' what we're continuing to see. I mean the platform itself is, helped the payroll specialist to be more productive, even a little bit better than we expected from an improvement standpoint because the performance is good. It's easier to train on. It's got a lot more functionality for them to be able to pop up screens and so forth. To be able to help them through the calls faster. And so they're seeing a lot more productivity from it and that was a little bit better. Where we will, we continue to think that we'll see that and at some point obviously it's going to level out but we're not sure that we're there yet or not. We don't have a lot more to do to improve the speed, there's a few things but it seems to be working extremely well and we're certainly getting great feedback from the payroll specialists who are using it. As well as the clients, we use it from the online system, feel very good about it as well.
John Morphy: We put nine million into a building in Rochester that, we had a lease on it. It's one of those things I probably should have bought four years ago but I missed it. We had a long-term lease on it and the people came to us and said they wanted to sell. We had to write a first refusal. The lease is going to run long enough that it didn't make any sense not to buy it. The only place we really buy buildings is Rochester where we know we've got a long-term presence, we've got multiple buildings. We're not moving in and out of them and as we mentioned we're continuously trying to match the size of the branch requirement also with new service type requirements. So you really don't want to be owning buildings that you've got to sell.
John Morphy: It was a one-time bump. About 10 million of it and the Rochester, I don't think we've ever sold a building.
John Morphy: You can't, quarter over quarter doesn't mean anything for us. You've got to really look over the prior year.
John Morphy: You're cutting it too close. The checks per client, you've got to remember the checks per client goes up, I don't get dollar for dollar because the check (inaudible) goes up. The average revenue per check goes down. So the price increase has also had to balance against the client base drop that was in the prior year, 3%. So (inaudible) here, we look at the revenue growth we felt was pretty consistent. It got a little bit of noise. One other thing we didn't do, we didn't put a W2 price increase in. When you put a W2 increase in it generally (inaudible) that affects the quarter. That wasn't in there. There's nothing that I would call systemic but we always have a few differences so if you want to look at something to the accuracy that you're looking at it, it's often as not going to be a misleading assumption.
John Morphy: We haven't witnessed anything but you sure got to have some concerns so I look at this as definitely an offensive move but also a very defensive one. I mean we believe and I can't tell you exactly when, and I don't think it's five years from now but if you don't have a pretty much hands free notes touch product, that's a market you can't participate in and whether you're going down or coming up like into it that would not be a good place for us to be.
John Morphy: See one advantage of this over time would be, right now the do it yourselfer (inaudible) that's doing it with a pencil and a manual is not connected to anything. He's just out there by himself but if you could get him for that person into a mode where they were basically doing it this way that would start to get them connected to you where you would have a chance to sell them more or to move them up. So it really is, it's both offense and defensive. I think if you look forward, the way that this world is going to not have a product in this product offering would be a real mistake if you were a payroll outsourcer.
John Morphy: Well it's a combination of a lot of factors. You know the pricing change we made we haven't seen all the dynamics. There still is discount in the marketplace and we're just trying to put controls on the margin to expand it. So you know everything is and remember we're on high margins so you take the gross margin of branch level because you get the other stuff. We're (inaudible) less than 75% margin.
John Morphy: No. I mean in the core it's going to be one or two sale visit, in (inaudible) it's probably a two or three month visit.
John Morphy: We haven't seen enough yet to know. We're watching it closely but we haven't seen anything really change in this. Maybe a little bit better but not enough to be able to measure.
John Morphy: Yes I think we will definitely see more investment going there. I think they marketed well online in the way they've presented themselves but I do think going after the five million users who are doing it manually will be a new initiative and we'll be able to invest in SurePayroll to be able to do that.  I'm not sure exactly the best way to do that yet but that's certainly part of the job of the new head of marketing that will come in and take the lead on that.
John Morphy: Well we were tracking and we think checks per client should stay about 1% positive. Now this second quarter jumped up a little more than I thought, whether that will continue I don't know. It won't dramatically change what we're forecasting but we'll wait and see. I wish I knew. Already it's, I never thought it would go to 2.5% but I should never say never. It even happens to me too. So I would have thought the 1.0, 1.5 would have been sustainable for a while and we'll see what happens. Now the kind of mixed thing is going to be, the mixed blessing is going to be, I think when new client sales pick up, which eventually they do, then you'll see checks per client affected somewhat by the smarter client size being added in but I'll be glad to get the new sales.
John Morphy: No that was slight. It's off pricing and discounting and got a little bit better but we put this new pricing model in which changed the discount a little bit. Actually you've got to look at it hard because we changed the pricing model. I don't see all the discounting right now but we've got ways to look at that. But that wasn't the biggest change, the biggest change is checks per client but the revenue project did get better and right now the pricing increase that we put in in May was we've got it. Last year we gave it all back.
John Morphy: No I don't want to share it and I don't quite know yet. Some of it (inaudible) the price so really got to look at the net net.
John Morphy: It's probably like everything else in America. If it does great we'll tell you. If it doesn't we won't.
John Morphy: (Inaudible) being there and from my frame reference now it's, we put it back in. It is what it is. An expense like everything else. It's not like we don't allow expenses. It's just there so it might explain some of the metrics how it's moving but obviously in the first half of next year you'll get it a little bit in your wind but (inaudible)
John Morphy: (Inaudible) so that everybody understands. Our MMS product, the client does a lot of that themselves so we talk about having this no touch at the bottom and then you think of other people that really want a used software, like the ultimate software model. Our MMS is not really far from their model. It's just they sell a software. We don't. But at the end, you've got maintenance one-way or the other so it really is the same thing so we have products that if the client wants to do an awful lot themselves, they want to do a lot, we have solutions for them.
John Morphy: Well he'll be out there everyday and he'll do what he's doing and we'll react to it but right now fortunately his pricing activities haven't changed too much over the last six months.
John Morphy: All consistent with what we had with 29% gross. What's in there but again it's not a big enough number where if it misses it's going to make much difference.
John Morphy: Well thank you all very much. Again, we really appreciate your interest in Paychex. We think we have a good process here and wish all of you, your friends and your families a wonderful holiday season and a safe one. So thank you very much.
Martin Mucci: Well I'm feeling very good about the level of services. I said that they are the highest levels we've had in the past. I feel good about the product set that we've rolled out, both in the small and mid market, very strong competitively. The focus is all on growth. How do we get the sales engines going again? We've taken already some steps through making sure that we have the right people in place in the field leadership positions. We've got new training that we've rolled out already and we're giving them the best technology through tablets. And online they can basically load a client on their tablet today and send it back through the process to do that faster and more productive. I think the next big piece of that growth focus is going to be getting a new leader at the head of sales, that I told you I'm actively interviewing for now and expect to have in the next 45 to 60 days. And a new separate position in marketing, which will generate more leads and better brand recognition. I think sometimes one of the biggest frustrations for me over the years has been that we had marketing as part of sales and we have a very strong presence in product and knowledge, and certainly a leader in this space but we're not always known for, is as complete an outsourcer as we are for benefits and HR outsourcing. So, it's all about growth and it's getting the leadership in place, the very top and focusing a lot more on the marketing side of it to generate, to help generate that growth.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think it's a little bit of both. We have a great sales engine here that we've had for many years. We've got 2,200 sales reps out there that continue to probably provide the best productivity in the industry. So it's a little bit of both. You need someone whose going to fit into the culture well and drive the organization. But I also think from even from a more marketing position, it's bringing a little bit new disciplines. We're good on the web. We could be better and we could get our brand out there stronger and generate more leads. So I think the sales leadership is probably more about executing really well and driving some of the things that we're doing now. Maybe looking at things like Lead Generation and so forth and supporting the sales forces. But the marketing will be a bit of a new strategy there. Certainly an enhanced strategy.
Martin Mucci: No, I don't think so. The impact I would say we're getting from the sales reps, I've talked to an awful lot of them in the last few months. I don't think we're seeing a big impact one way or the other. As John said it hasn't changed much over time. I think we're both pretty aggressive with our sales forces and we obviously have very quality service and we haven't seen a big change there.
Martin Mucci: Yes I think it's still early, the initiatives we took in October and continue to take. I do feel good that we have a very pumped up sales team that's out there. Certainly we've got the right products and services. We've got quality service. Certainly great value for our clients and good field leadership. I think it's just a matter of time to make it all gel and come together and while I'm optimistic, as John said it's a big selling season for us in December and January and it's still a little too early to tell.
Martin Mucci: The good news is those productivity enhancements, we've poured that money back into the investments for more technology in both the small and mid size and that's not going to stop. We'll continue to do that but that's baked in to the numbers that you're seeing in the guidance.
Martin Mucci: Yes I think the good news is that obviously we've seen checks per client grow so they are hiring a little bit and the business values business values for going out of business is improved for five quarters now, so obviously something is kicking in whether it's business tax credits and other things happening or not. The bottom line is they're going to hire more when they've got demand for their services and products but I don't think it's hurting any but we haven't seen a lot of positive coming from just the tax changes.
Martin Mucci: It's going to be dependent on what their needs are. For example and they way they've got it structured right now tax pay and employee pay are a requirement for everyone to plan. And an interesting thing, on the way in today they're talking about social security checks, I think by 2013 a person has to take either direct deposit or a debit card. So maybe that's a move towards direct deposit being able to be recorded in this country. I don't know.
Martin Mucci: It's more for the unbanked, I guess what we would call unbanked employees and it has kind of limited growth. To some degree, as John said we've had it out there for a long time. If they have a debit card most employees of our clients already have debit cards because they just use the one account. If they don't have an account and they want to pay through the card that's the kind of client that will request it but we have had it out there for a long time. It's still a pretty small penetration and does not seem to be growing a great deal even though we market it quite a bit even to the employees directly.
Martin Mucci: As John said we don't expect a lot of cannibalization. It's really about client control. The client who wants more control and self-service will go to SurePayroll and it will be advertized and sold as such. And those who want a more full service, kind of dedicated person to them, whether it's online or not, it will come to Paychex. And so I think it's all in how we present it and brand it for the client, which we think will help by having the two separate names.
Martin Mucci: I think from an M&A, we're constantly and have been for years looking and always searching, investigating possible M&A opportunities. When you look back at our products, particularly for the mid market the HR Administration online product that we have was through an acquisition to Time and attendance. TLO what we call Time and Attendance online, we purchased as well and of course SurePayroll. We're always looking at where we can either add through acquisition. It's just it's always tough when you're looking for something that we think reasonably priced and will add value to our product set. We do look well beyond payroll and of course we're always doing small payroll acquisitions all the time. But we're always looking for product additions and anything that will add value to our product set. We feel pretty good about the environment, as we see the checks per client from the business losses looking better. We certainly feel better about the 401(k) business and certainly in the HR Solutions, which is our PEO and ASO. As John mentioned earlier, we moved the PEO nationally. That's been doing well. We're now able to do the same sales force and same service group, which we combined to offer either of the PEO or ASO model and that continues to grow. I think we're 14% in the number of employees served by those two solutions so that continues to go well. We see a definite environment where more clients of all sizes are looking to outsource their HR support to us either through the PEO or ASO. And on the insurance market, workers comp has been around a long time, continues to do well there. And health insurance had good growth and revenues and we think as the healthcare reform, depending on where that kind of quiets down, clients will continue to purchase health insurance. There is always and I think we're getting better and better at being able to take health insurance from a broker that's already there in the market where a client already has health insurance. I think we were good at starting them up in insurance and we're getting better at hiring and training our insurance reps to be able to compete more effectively with an agent position already placed.
Martin Mucci: Yes Kartik. This is Marty. It's continuing to move along. I think we'll have some information on that shortly where you on the merchant service side. We still think that's a nice opportunity for us. It's not huge but we think it's a nice opportunity to use our distribution model. Our sales team meeting these businesses for the first time as they just start up and be able to help them through that process. More of a partner than an acquisition type model and on other things we're looking to sell we're always careful not to dilute the sales team. We have again the most productive sales team, I think, in the industry and we're always careful not to have them get diluted with too many projects but we do a great job of, I think passing referrals between sales forces. So we'll always look for other things that can leverage that sales force without diluting them from the basic goal, which is to sell more payrolls and get those new clients signed up so we can sell them other products as well.
Martin Mucci: We're definitely going to be better than last year. I don't think we'll get, we wont' get to the historic high but we've made a pretty big dent in it from what we can see at this point. January is obviously a big month.
Martin Mucci: Better but I don't think. I think this is going to be something that keeps gradually improving. In other words you gave the range like 19.5 to 23.
Martin Mucci: Well you certainly saw with the economy over the last couple of years that there was more pressure on price but that's not really. We didn't see this as a defensive move in that way. We saw it more just as John said, we see this as a growing market where those doing it manually will move to this and that's a pretty big, it's a hard group to move to a full outsource sometime but we know there'll be a number of them that will want to go to self serve but it will be web based not calculator based.
Martin Mucci: Yes, it keeps us solid right from the self service right through the full outsource and the small right to the midsize where we're feeling good about filling out the whole product set from start to finish.
Martin Mucci: I think when you look at the resources that we have on building, we have a really full slate of products already that we're building on including the mid market. We're making constant improvements there and feel we have a very competitive product and we have a lot of focus on it. And so when you looked at this opportunity that came up with SurePayroll it was, do you want to take upwards of a couple of years to 2 1/2 years to build something like that or do you take some of the experience that they have inn the product that they had and build on top of that and we found that that was a much better approach to take. I did not want to wait long to have it and I also think there's some experience that over the 10 years that they had in building that product and focusing very much on self service, which is really not our model. Our model has always been that full-outsourced expert that's there to answer anything and set you up and so forth. And we just felt that the combination of their experience and the product that they had over the last 10 years would be a much faster way to get into this market and actually invest in them and support them to build an even better product as that market grows.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think the recruiting was another piece of the changes that we've put in. We're doing a lot more recruiting in-house now. We were using a lot of external agencies spread out across the country. We've modeled that now into coming inside. We have a new head of recruiting that is handling the recruiting side of it and we're working with the sales managers and leadership in the field on again, what's the best method to find the right person in what you're looking for. We have made a number of changes in how we're looking at it, how we're recruiting, who we're using to get those candidates and then maybe making sure we're reinvesting in an on boarding tool. By boarding meaning here's what their first six months look like, here's what their first 12 months look and be sure that they're fully supportive because once you get them in an kind of past that first 12 to 18 months, it's a lot easier to retain them. It's in that first six to 12 probably that they struggle the most and I think we could, we reinvested now and revamped our on boarding so we help them be successful from the very beginning.
Martin Mucci: I don't think we'd say at this point. It's not something that I'd want to say publicly. Our clients, our whole model in the way we sell is we'll take care of everything for you so we're not looking for our client base much to be able to use those tools other than for input. If they want it we've always been able to have, you can do it by phone, fax or online. We have over 40,000 clients that use online for input today but we still like them to be able to rely on us for the full package of expertise and so forth and so we're looking at that but that's not as critical to our client base as it is to the SurePayroll client base. But it's not something I would probably talk about publicly at this point.
Martin Mucci: Or sure there's the online, as John said the whole mid market, major market product or one source solution, everything is basically online and packaged and fully integrated and the client knows the input.
