Efrain Rivera: Very little, I think when we looked at the composition of days I just mentioned that, we saw that there was going to be an impact to revenue from one less day, it's in the range of about 25 to 30 basis points. When I looked at that and looked at where the range was, I just thought it was better to be a little bit more conservative than we had been when we were in Q3. By the way Rayna, I also said it was preliminary, I also provided other guidance on margins that changed. So, we did some more refinement, this is where we ended up.
Efrain Rivera: There's a modest impact to payroll service revenue, about 1%, and Lessor is pretty minor, certainly less than 1%.
Efrain Rivera: We're between 2% and 3%, and you picked the midpoint and you're going to get about 1.5% organic, and then I would say it's about a point maybe a little bit less, little more, it depends on how you look at it on the HROI contributions, so take that out and I think you're closer to 9% to 10%.
Efrain Rivera: I think it was primarily timing of investments, Jason. So, you make an estimate of where you think expenses will come in, it was a little bit lighter than what we thought.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so let me take the second. So, the answer to second is that’s our anticipation that starting next year, meaning 2019. We begin with a cadence of margin expansion and how much to be decided as we go through the year. I would say Jim, all of the projects that we contemplated in Q3 are still the ones that we're working on, and I think the differences we refined a bit what our estimates were for the spend on those projects, and it came in a bit better than our initial estimate suggested. So, I think that's what it is. It does mark a significant departure from what we were contemplating doing, just little bit more pencil sharpening.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, Ashwin, I'd say that what we said was and discussed back at the beginning of the year, we said that we'd invest between 33% and 50% of the benefit accruing from tax reform, that's what's contemplated in our numbers, and over time that will phase down. There will be some probably incremental IT spending that will remain from those projects, but if we execute appropriately that will be offset by savings in other areas of the business and also better revenue growth. So, I don't have a specific cadence that I'll give you because we need to walk through the year, look at the payoff on those projects. But we know exactly where we would take costs out if we don't think that the projects are generating the returns that we expect. And we know how to leverage, that's not difficult for us. This is a year where we decided it was more appropriate given the ability we had to invest more heavily and see if it produce the kinds of returns that we anticipate it will. I would say early on we feel comfortable that we're getting those returns, but we'll walk through the year and then see how the projects progress.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, but I wouldn't say that the improvements in client retention and sales productivity and sales performance that we just mentioned are not necessarily, they're not driven by those investments because those investments just started. But we certainly feel positive about the investments we're making; we'd give you a better view of that six months from now as we get a little further into the investments. But, we feel like at this point they're certainly on track and then we just started the incremental and the additional accelerated investments in the last quarter.
Efrain Rivera: No, absolutely not. That’s in just your question Kartik. So, I mean I had point to Lessor. So, Lessor, we were in discussions for multiple years on that asset and eventually pulled the trigger and bought it. Advance partners we were in discussions for multiple years on that asset and then bought it. The fact that we didn't pull the trigger and I'd say probably due to some extent even HROI we could say that. The fact that we don't pull the trigger in a given year, doesn't mean we're not in relatively advanced stages on discussions on assets that we think makes sense within our portfolio. So, I can say that we have acquisition targets that would use that cash, plus, very quickly if we thought that it makes sense to do it. So, I would say the pipeline is very flush with opportunities and I would anticipate over the next year that we'll have an opportunity to do other acquisitions if we think that the due diligence makes sense. And, by the way implicit in that statement is the fact that they already need some level of strategic fit based on our screening criteria. So, no, it's just really for us, timing has to be right, the numbers have to be right and sometimes we are very deliberate in our approach to doing it, but I think there's a pretty robust pipeline of opportunities out there.
Efrain Rivera: I would say we'd like to see payroll service revenue higher than it is currently. So, we're working very hard to make that happen. On the HRS side, certainly double digits is where we expect to be and while I recognize that there's a lot of emphasis on payroll rightly so and it's competitive. PEO is doing very, very well, and we're very, very bullish, on how that business is doing and we see a long trajectory of growth on that business. I would say, and you can do the math, we had almost 20% work side employee growth, organic; that's excluding HROI, and I would say that probably ranks pretty high in terms of where we stand in the industry. We think we've got some momentum going there. So, we feel pretty good about double-digit and I think that we're working hard to get the payroll. We'll talk more about HCM, integrated HCM rather than just payroll, because I think that as Marty said that integrated suite is what we sell, not just payroll which frequently is just an allocation from that bundle. So – but we can do better and that's our expectation.
Efrain Rivera: So Fed just raised rates a little while ago and we've got two rates baked in the remainder of the calendar year. One in the fall and one at the end of the year that's what the guidance contemplates. We looked at the probability of rates and when it got pretty higher for the second raise. We concluded that in our guidance. So that's what we're expecting at this point. Nothing beyond that, although there is a chance obviously that rates could continue to rise after the end of this calendar year.
Efrain Rivera: That's kind of a Board decision, Rick. So we accelerated one quarter, brought it forward. Martin, I don't have a clear answer on that one, but I think you probably could anticipate, we'll go back to the kind of the normal cadence. The board will ultimately decide that one.
Efrain Rivera: So, couple of others is built on that David. So the other two areas are in sales and marketing and operation. Sales is pretty simple. We're adding more salespeople particularly in small business and mid-market. We're also adding more salespeople in the PEO space more than we would. We typically would add 2% to 3% in a given year. We're accelerating the amount of sales add, salespeople adds there. And we are also significantly increasing our digital marketing spend there to drive a better result. And as Marty said, part of what we saw in Q4 was really good returns on that investment. And that we hadn't really started to healthy up the spending yet and we're optimistic about what that produces. So that's the sales and marketing bucket. You can titrate that up and down depending on what the results you get. And then on operations side there is a work that we're doing from an efficiency of the footprint perspective. That is part of the spent in next year, and also looking at ability to operate – I'm sorry to automate some of the - some of those functions in the backend and so we've got numerous projects that we think will produce both topline growth, Marty mentioned, the platform opportunities that help both sales and back office and then on the operations side that's more of an efficiency play. So, all three of those are we're working on.
Efrain Rivera: So two pieces of that, so make sure that disaggregate is a little bit. So we say PEO, PEO is not HRS and PEO itself is not total worksite employees. As Marty mentioned PEO is a subset of our worksite employees. I think we'll post when we post the K that what our worksite employees served are. It's lower than 19% because ASO is in that number. So it'll be solid double digits but it won't be 19%. When we call our PEO we're calling out specifically a portion of HRS revenue, not all of HRS revenue. And so if I isolate just the PEO portion of the business excluding HROI because HROI obviously contributes but we exclude that. We're getting teens growth in PEO at this point. And you're getting worksite employee growth of about 19%. So you need to disaggregate some of the pieces of the business. So HRS growing at 17%, obviously you have to pull the pieces apart organically more in Q4 like 9%, but within that you got a PEO piece of the business that's growing pretty rapidly and we think that continues. So hopefully that makes -- that clarifies a bit.
Efrain Rivera: I think David it's really simple. It depends on the size of the clients you're signing up. So, smaller PEO worksite employees are smaller PEO client, you get more per client larger clients. We've signed a number of larger clients. You get less per worksite employee. That's really the dynamic. It's interesting when you step back and look at the business, think about PEO for second. The backbone of the PEO platform is flex within Paychex. That solution works really well in the PEO context. And we're doing very well there selling pretty large clients. And when we look at the market what we say is, there seems to be a growing number of mid-market clients who want to comprehensive outsource solution and that trends going to continue into the future. Now, as you go up market you get a little bit less per worksite employee than you do when you go on lower market.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I can't service what happen is that I mentioned last year in fiscal 2017, we went through quite a kind of a movement of client. So we're increasing the number of online clients and we changed our service model on how to handle call-in clients versus multi-product clients and the kind of normal payroll clients who are call-out clients. So we were moving different service teams around and therefore moving the clients around. And that caused some disruption that cost us probably a percent on the retention in 2017 and from an all-time kind of high. So then, as that settled out 2017 and we've kind of completed most of that. Then we started to see the retention calm down. The tenure of our senior pay -- of our payroll specialist, then our service givers across the board build up. Our tools got better when we got used to handling the different teams and everything started to come together. So really retention is improved and better in almost every category we have from payroll to 401(k), to insurance you name it we had a very good year in retention. And we think that will continue as things continue to calm down and we get better tenure in those teams. So we had a nice improvement this year. In promoter scores which we don't give out, but we saw an improvement there as well kind of across the board and the satisfactions that our clients have. From a sales perspective what we did was -- at the beginning of the year we had to go to market that as I said pulled some of the micro client. More and more clients as you know are searching online, reviewing our products and platforms, testing the product, comparing the product, and a lot of the sale is 60% complete particularly on the small end before they even get to a sales rep. So we were handling more of that inside and we were we build out a telesales team inside, expanded and we expanded quickly beginning of the year. The tenure wasn't there. The leads weren't quite where we thought they were. And as we refined our lead process during the first half of the year and built tenure and sales team that built a very good momentum in the second half of the year and now positions us very well going into June and this fiscal year, so that was the major change in sales. We have number of other things but those were the major change.
Efrain Rivera: Well, I mean, listen, our strategy is still really one to a 1000 and some above that, but that's our sweet spot and we have really - mostly the two sales teams that sell kind of up to 50 and then 50 to a 1000 or so, we would not be changing that strategy. But you're seeing like on the SurePayroll side they're growing very strong, the micro were refining how we handle kind of each market and maybe even changing the segments a little bit about what is a micro and what is a little bit larger and what's the over 50 kind of thing. So, but we're not changing the overall strategy. We're still very successful and with over 650,000 clients we're not looking to initially change what we're doing or change the market we're going after because we think we're very well-positioned to capture more of it.
Efrain Rivera: The mix - I'm sorry, the mix, Mark is modest at this point. If PEO starts to accelerate significantly beyond where it is, it's going to start to affect more of a drag. But you're going to get better revenue growth. For next year it's more driven by the investments, there's a little bit of impact based on mix.
Efrain Rivera: Well, it depends on the growth rates for PEO, Mark. So part of what we're talking about giving additional disclosures, we'll give you some insight into that. We think we still can leverage at least at current growth rates for the PEO if that would just significantly increase from where it is now then obviously that's going to impact margins but you're going to get better growth. So it's a little bit of six of one and half a dozen of another.
Efrain Rivera: Well, we don't think so, because we're - the client has to go through a review process. And so while we think that - and it’s a very quick process, but we are reviewing what that risk is. But we feel that it's the kind of insurance for the client particularly then the small side that have cash flow issues that worry about that two days or five days or seven days that they might have an issue, that we think this is something that given our size and financial strength that we can do, but we're doing it very carefully.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So Tien-tsin you asked two questions related to risk. One, Marty answered with respect to both kind of the appetite for broader business development and the appetite for PEO. The answer is yes. The appetite with respect to underwriting though, we're really tied on that and my appetite for risk is pretty low. In that sense, I think you can underwrite good business. We have very, very stringent controls on that and a lot of reviews on the state of both the [MPP] and the workers comp portions of the portfolio. So yes, it’s a little bit more balance kind of answer to the question.
Efrain Rivera: For those of you who want to talk about ASC 606, we should have posted the presentation to the website, hop on the call in about five minutes or so, and we'll walk through that in about half an hour. So, it will be a primer on all things, ASC 606. I look forward to having the conversation. Thank you.
Martin Mucci: I'll take that. I think we don't give bookings growth in detail, but I would tell you that, kind of what we saw in fiscal '18 was, we had go-to-market strategy at the beginning of fiscal '18 that shifted the number of - particularly the micro sales into an in-house virtual team or telephonic sales team, and we kind of miss call that one a little bit as far as how long it would take to gear that up and some of the leads and so forth. So we started off kind of the first half of the year lower than we had expected but really gained some great momentum. And so we're feeling very good that through selling season in January and third quarter and then into fourth quarter, we actually ended up in the fourth quarter the best quarter of the year for us from a performance year-over-year in selling, and it gives us great momentum when we see that carrying into June right now. So, we really started on the low end of what we had expected, below what we expected, and then have come back with great momentum as the inside teams in particular have gotten used to handling the leads, gain tenure, and the productivity is up substantially from the first quarter of 2018.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we do. And you're right, it's been pretty comparable - without Lessor it would be pretty comparable to last year. Again, I think while we saw some improvement in retention which we saw dropped last year, the previous year, '17, we saw an improvement in retention kind of across the Board as we settled on to the new service kind of model and so forth. And in sales we started out on the first half of the year as I said, low, and had to kind of dig ourselves out of that in through selling season and then into fourth quarter gained a lot of momentum. But we ended up about comparable on the client base before - without Lessor. And, so yes, you're right; and we definitely expect gain this year. I think we've got great momentum going into June and the first quarter coming out of fourth quarter again our best sales quarter of the year which it isn't always, but this has been our best fourth quarter, and we really ramped up the inside sales team as kind of back to meeting the productivity that we had expected at the beginning of the year.
Martin Mucci: I think one point on that is, Efrain, as we talked about before at some of the conferences in the last quarter, I think we estimated, we were pretty conservative on the margins from the investments that we said we would make from tax reform. And so we kind of went a little bit on the lower end and we have brought that back a bit. So, you saw approximately 37% and then you've also seen the guidance that Efrain has given on that going forward. So feel like, as we've looked at it, and tightened up the investments that we've already started to make from tax reform and accelerate those investments, that's where we're going to be which I think some interpret us to be a little lower than that, we don't see that happening.
Martin Mucci: Jim, I think it's going to be steady, I think that the optimism that I see comes from - if you look at the optimism indexes like NFIB and so forth, they're very strong. I mean they continue a historical highs of people in small businesses saying, hey, I am looking to hire and my issue is, I just can't find the right people for the positions. And so we certainly continue to see that whether it's low unemployment rate, and the wages aren't going up quite as fast as you'd expect either, still hanging around 2.6% to 2.7% wage increase. But there is a lot of optimism there, people are looking to hire and there is job growth, it's just moderated and we're still getting job growth and we're still getting a lot of optimism. So, we're pretty optimistic and what we'll continue to see, it isn't going to be huge growth because we've come back from the recession slowly and that job growth is moderated, but there is still job growth.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we're following it very closely and as we've said, we really came out better stronger on the operating margin than we originally thought this year, and think that - and as Efrain mentioned, we do know how to leverage. So, we're watching closely to say, are we on track coming out of '19, for '20 what else do we need to do. We're kind of watching that and we are pleased that all of the investments that we're making are on track, and we believe that that, as Efrain said, will bring both revenue growth and expense reductions as well. They're across the board in both service and in product acceleration as well. So, we're pleased with the investments we made, we think frankly we came out stronger this year than we originally had expected when we first looked at tax reform. Once we tightened up all the numbers and what we were investing in, we feel good they're the right things and we'll get back to margin expansion exactly the timing is more difficult because of the investments and getting everything done. But we certainly feel that, as we have said, that we'll be back on the margin expansion right.
Martin Mucci: I think, one very good sales execution, our integration with HROI and the team there, with our excellent team I think can really get it a great point, at the same time there is just a huge demand for more HR support. When you think about, while you think that Federal regulations I've mentioned before coming down, there is a tremendous amount of state regulations that are going up, there is all the issues with immigration, there is the entire issue of harassment, I mean everything is driving more HR concerns and risks, particularly for small businesses that don't have the expertise, small to midsize businesses and that's fitting very well into the PEO business when you tie that into our insurance experience as well. So, I think it's very strong demand in that marketplace and a very good execution from our sales and service teams.
Martin Mucci: Yes, probably a little bit less on the price. I think as you see it particularly on the small end, it continues to be very competitive, I mean we're feeling very good about the product offerings that we have in introducing, consistently innovating with do-it-yourself handbooks and paperless onboarding and our Paychex promise. But I think we're being a little more conservative on the fact that, okay, if we take a little less price, let's drive the client growth plus, and we're probably being conservative for how much we can do on the retention as well. We saw some improvement this year, things really quieted down on the service models and so we're getting more positive affirmation about 7/24 service and the dedicated not only payroll specialist but managers for the midsized. So, I think it's just a bit of that, and we've seen a mix change. So, as Efrain, has mentioned many times in the call over the last couple of years, we've seen a little bit of a mix of size of clients and so when you put all that together I think that's our overall guidance.
Martin Mucci: Bryan, I would say it's been about -- it's about the same, I think as I mentioned the small probably putting a little more pressure on price on the small end, but not significantly too much different than what we've seen. And then on the midmarket I'd say it's about the same, there's no really new players there, and I would say that some of the innovations that we've made and some of the changes that we're doing right now in our sales model that we've started in the fourth quarter that will roll into the first quarter here, and the midmarket I think are helping us position well. So, we're pretty nimble about changing how we're going at it and I think we've found some things that we could be doing a little bit better in the midmarket, but I don't think -- I think product wise we have the most thorough and complete integrated product out there. It's not just payroll and HR that is integrated on a single employee record, but it's got, we're connected single way to 401(k) to HR, we have the largest HR generalist team out there, nearly 500 of them, all of everything positions us well for more competition, and I don't think most competitors have anything that's as complete as that. So, I think it's about the same and we should be doing better.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think that mid to high single-digits is what you know we've been talking about for at least eight years and I think if you look at the overall CAGR all together, it's over seven and we're trying to make sure if that solidly over that number over time. And we have lot of opportunity to do that. As Efrain said it's becoming much more of an HR play which is what we had expected and planned that our business would go. And that's why as he talks about the future of how that to report, it really is so much more about but not just payroll by itself but always payroll on HR or payroll HR 41K et cetera. So we're trying to you know, six to seven is the guidance. Now we're trying to we should get that little bit higher longer term to be in that mid to high single digits.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Sure. I think what we've seen is really a great fit from a culture standpoint and the synergies that we could get from our underwriting team with them. Also they have connections that we didn't have with. From a carrier standpoint when you put us together the synergies from the insurance carriers is very important and we see future opportunities with that as well. You have to have great plans obviously to grow in cities where we haven't been historically. And we're pretty bullish on the PEO marketing. Again, we were kind of one of the first in this business when you go back from an ASO perspective where there was not co-employment. And we were the - I believe only one out there that when you take all those ASO and PEO products we're servicing well over a million worksite employees. And as Efrain said we've seen a very solid double-digit growth again this year. Those needs are just becoming more and more difficult and small to midsize businesses are really struggling with state-by-state regulations with the harassment policies that they need to have in place to protect them. There's a lot of risk for them and when they hear risk they're ready to outsource. And when you going with a great insurance product is well they can add value to their employees which helps for the retention and engagement, it really is a great overall picture for us in the future. So, I think the market is very strong. Acquisition-wise we're constantly looking at that space. I think we know it very well. And as Efrain said we're always looking and ready to buy if the time is right and the value is right.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think - David, its Marty. I can give a couple. I think if this is what you're looking for from the accelerated investments. One is the HR space and what you find is how you drive more flexibility for clients in our combined payroll and HR model. So whether that's from user interface flexibility, whether it's allowing them to do a lot more things that they want to do and then build the product kind of out the way they want it. So from a user interface they want things a certain way. You can have all the product functionality behind it but you can isolate by designing some of the software more from a UX and UI perspective and we're spending a lot of time on that. There is additional feature functionality, won't want to get too detail into that from a competitive standpoint. But I think you know we have a very full-featured HR and payroll solution that also integrates with insurance and 401(k), but we're finding that the clients always want more flexibility from that standpoint. They also want more self-service. So, you'll see - and this comes - this helps on both a service operations cost perspective and a sales perspective. More and more clients want their employees to do more themselves and the employees want to do more themselves. As you know a lot of the generation these days don't want to talk to anyone, but they certainly want to be able to chat. They want to be able to going in question, hey, can I change my address. Can I change this? Can I change my deductions? Can I look at this information? So we already have 25 different things that client's employees can do themselves, but we're trying to expand that list, which also takes pressure off of the operations and service teams to not answer the same old stuff, but to be more available for more detailed questions and more responsive to those. So, that is in general that's where these investment, some of these technology investments are really going. One, it increases the efficiency and service performance to the clients and their employees. And the other also just response and from a product standpoint to something that I think we're going to be able to sell much more of. And everything we design we've gone the mobile-first. Everything we design is mobile-first meaning that what you see your ability to do everything on your phone and we've made some significant investment in an agile approach to development in developing everything from mobile app which by the way is rated very close to a five out of five these days and we're feeling very good about that. So it's the whole way we've looked at the technology and accelerating the needs of accelerated and we felt this was a good opportunity to accelerate the development.
Martin Mucci: I think on the PEO space, obviously we're very bullish on and we been in it a long time. And we also like the ASO or PEO and I think what we've learned to do is kind of transition between – we're one of the few that can transition between what the client wants. What we have found is probably an increased acceptance of PEO over the last year or so. So as you have very good insurance plans in our markets that we're in there is much more acceptance of the co-employment and the PEO kind of structure in those states, and from an insurance carrier perspective. I think ACA pushed a lot of that you know in what stays and what goes of ACA almost doesn't matter at this point, but when it started, it got a lot more clients and prospects looking at insurance and whether to bundle that in and that feeling has stayed. With insurances, the other thing that I would say is helping the PEO and insurance side is the very low unemployment rate, the tough labor market makes it that more and more small businesses, small to midsize businesses want and need to have insurance to recruit and engage their employees. You're seeing that while the wage increases have not gone up as much as we would think in a tight labor market benefits have and that includes health insurance. So I think the PEO market is continue - is really we think could continue to grow for many years. And it's really - don't think of it so much as the co-employment has the ability to provide total HR support including insurance needs from a very tight relationship and service model. So, we feel very good about it. That's why we're continuing to grow. From an acquisition standpoint, we know the opportunities that are out there. We got to look at them very carefully. We think we've done that. And if the right opportunity comes up we'll be ready - I think we'll be very ready to go that way.
Martin Mucci: I think it's pretty small. And I think it's continuing - the acceptance as I mentioned is continuing to grow. So I think the opportunity is growing and the level that’s been penetrated is pretty small. For years a lot of it was selling, PEO to PEO, so if somebody already had a PEO you could sell them from a competitor or something on that. What we've started to see I'd say in the last year and half, again I think ACA really pushed some of this forward was more and more client saying, hey I have to have insurance. It's also a recruitment and engagement tool for employees. And so I think that that's going to continue to grow. In the acceptance of it as that grows and other clients here that you have a PEO, okay I'm not as concerned about what co-employment means. And by the way the ASO side of our business is doing very well, is well. So we have both those opportunities. If you're not exactly - remember with our Paychex's insurance agency which is the 21st largest in the country, hey, if you don't want to go, if you're not a good risk for the PEO from an underwriting standpoint, we could transfer you over to the Paychex insurance agency and look for an opportunity for you there and still serve you with an HR generalist which is really the greatest benefit of the whole thing is having HR person who's there to support you. And we've expanded that service model. For example, if you look at the Workplace by Facebook, one of the great benefits is not just that in Facebook, in Workplace you can gain information on your check stubs, and your 401(k) balance, but you can ask questions to the HRG while you're in Workplace by Facebook. So we're trying to expand that service model of the HR generalist as well.
Martin Mucci: Well I think - I don't think so much from do-it-yourself, I think from midsize payroll it definitely I think could be taking some share from there because that's where its expanding for the most part. If you have 20 - 15 to 20 employees and up, that attractive to you, and so it certainly could be taking from payroll only, but again we're here to offer whatever the client needs in a full sweet basis, if they want full PEO that's fine. And that is certainly growing faster than the midsize payroll only or payroll plus just HR.
Martin Mucci: I mean, we've really already expanded. I mean, we sell pretty much nationwide, obviously the largest concentration is in those states where it's most popular Florida, Texas, Georgia, but HROI is assisted in that well as we have gone even more national. And when you look at acquisitions and you look at investment you do try to get some sort of scale in certain areas so that you can have better insurance carrier relationships and plans as well.
Martin Mucci: Yes, definitely. On the underwriting we've always been extremely tight on that and feel like we're at very good place and continue to do that. And again with that balance of risk, we always have the insurance agency and the ASO product to say, if you're not a good fit there and we don't want underwrite this, we do have an insurance agency with multiple other plans that can usually get you the insurance that you need.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think, yes, it's even more important now that it is tight, right? So, what we've been able to do is, we have over 500 HR generalist. So, if you buy our ASO or PEO product and you have an HR person, lot of these small to midsize businesses do not have a full-time HR person. They don't know how to recruit necessarily, and what we can do is help them with recruiting, we can help them on how to build the job description, how to recruit out, how to on-board and retain and engage employees. That's where a lot of the benefit of that HR person comes from who has multiple clients by the way and can use that data and that experience to help small and midsize businesses. The biggest issue for businesses today right now is finding and hiring, recruiting and hiring the right people for their jobs, and that's where we actually, the HR person that we have can help them a great deal. Also from a product standpoint when you think about it, being able to have an easy way to take prospect information ,so I want to go work for your small business, if you're with Paychex's, you can go online, do that without - paperlessly, that transcends over into the business, they can review those resumes that are all online, all paperless. And if you get hired, it's a paperless experience to bring you on. And, then of course that transcends into a mobile app which you can show the new employees to say, hey, we're modern, we're with Paychex's, you have a mobile app, you can get your pay, your pay stubs, change your 401(k) et cetera is all here. So, I think frankly it's been very appealing to businesses that are struggling to hire to use someone like us and our products and our services.
Martin Mucci: Well, sure, I think it's always - there's always more things that we can do, what's the best way to recruit, how is that being done, things like video interviewing, right. So, we can partner up with someone who can help a small business, who can never afford to do kind of video interviews, which is very popular, becoming more and more popular now, right. So, I don't want to necessarily commend that, if I want to recruit, you do a short video, you send that with your resume which is all paperless. We continue to look to evolve those HR support products to give you the best ability to recruit and hire and retain the very best employees. So, we're constantly looking at ways to do that and do it in a also a digital way, much more through chat bots and artificial intelligence, and also give you data analytics, right. So, when you think about as a midsize client that has data analytics on what your turnover is, where your turnover is, how it compares to other businesses, those kind of things are good tools that can help businesses that wouldn't normally have that available to them.
Martin Mucci: At this point we'll close the call. If you're interested in replaying this webcast of this conference call, it'd be archived for approximately 30 days. And I do thank you for your continued participation in our fourth quarter press release call and for your interest in investment in Paychex.
