Martin Mucci: Not necessarily. But I thought I was trying to give some sense of the sales momentum coming out of the quarter. What the 7% was, there was the sales, the small business sales to new business, to new businesses. So, we had a nice growth in the sales, payroll sales to new small businesses that we’re just starting up. And I think that tells a couple of things. One, that the number of new businesses continue start-up and two, that we’re getting a bigger share of those new business start-ups than we were last third quarter. That was the difference. So, we’re up 7% in sales to new businesses, on the small end over third quarter of last year.
Martin Mucci: Well we don’t talk about plan outside of the business David, but we were pleased with it, it was definitely better than we had last year, you could expect plan would have been very similar. So, it was a little stronger than we had anticipated from new business startups.
Martin Mucci: Well we’re very pleased with the performance of both the sales team and for our PEO organic, as well as HRY, but this was our organic PEO. And the retention teams. So, we had a very good retention. I think the way we've been pricing and the insurance changes, the benefit plans, that we have been able to offer and the very effective way that we service clients and sold to new clients, I think there’s a growing demand for -- as we’ve talked about on other calls, the PEO service, particularly with all the changes in healthcare and tax reform and all of these things, clients especially that midmarket are looking for more of a PEO than they ever have in the past, so we picked up more clients, saved more clients and we’ve seen growth in the clients that we have in the worksite employees.
Martin Mucci: Yes, retention Jason we felt good about, we’re really near historic highs and at least we’re heading that way, we had a very good year end from the service and retention perspective and how we handle the clients and how we retained our clients, and even as we rolled off discounts and so forth, they have discounts that were a lot of times and that went well.  I would say on the sales side, I thought on the small end we did well as we said, we've got a bigger share of new sales to new businesses than we had last year up about 7% and in the midmarket it's just very competitive. So, I think however, when you look at it from the payroll side only it's very competitive now on both pricing and quality. On the PEO side as you have seen you know we've done very well. So, you're seeing a shift more than to that complete HR outsourcing and we're feeling good about that.  I would say overall in the sales side we feel like we have better momentum, we kind of started the first year slow, the first of the year slow, the first half and the back half we're coming out with better momentum on the sales side, kind of across the board and that includes insurance, retirement, everything is stronger in the second half, most everything is stronger in the second half.  On net client you know we only talk about it really after the year is over and so with all the things going on I'd continue to wait until we get done with the year to talk about it.
Martin Mucci: No, we really don’t break it out that much, I guess I would say, the point that I was making is on the midmarket side is payroll loan in those bundles continue to be very competitive and it’s just a more difficult, it’s about the same as it has been in a difficult competitive environment, we feel better on the PEO side which is in that midmarket and selling the complete PEO suite of services where that’s continued to be very strong, and again on the small market, that’s kind of a component of the small business sales, so what we’re saying is new bid sales to new businesses is up 7% higher than it was last third quarter.
Martin Mucci: Well I think certainly we’re looking for more than that, I think it's been a couple of -- it’s been a bit challenging on that low end from a -- sometimes from a price perspective, although when we build the bundles in we’re getting more prices, Efrain mentioned earlier, and then I think we’re hoping for a little bit stronger than that, and what’s it’s going to be in a go forward basis but that’s kind of where we’ve been for the last two years, but I do think it can be stronger than that, we just got a little bit more effective, and I think some of the investments we’re making in the marketing side in particular for demand generation, you know the world is changed and while we've been making changes on lead generation to the small side and we've made changes in the selling approach where we've sold more of those very low end over the phone and through web leads, I think we're going to be more effective, even more effective on that next year. So, I think it's got some upside to it, I think we're continuing to revolve the way we get demand generation and as well as selling.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, the strategy is that I think you know, while we've been in Germany and it’s been a service model like more of a payroll specialist model type of thing, there hasn't been as much of a play on the technology side in Germany. We've grown okay there but it's not gotten, certainly as you mentioned significant from the way the company has grown from over $2 billion to over $3 billion in revenue. It's not going to get that significant, however we've been looking, we continue to look on the acquisition side for opportunities to grow in Europe, we think there was an opportunity to have a good day, particularly a low-end product that was payroll and HR and we think there was a nice opportunity there to grow because we didn't see as much competition on the a low end and they were in a place where we could acquire something so we had a couple of things we looked at and then Lessor we felt, it was very strong because it’s already a platform in four different countries including Germany and so that will give us a technology, stronger kind of sell-served technology solution on the low-end and the mid-market solution in Germany from a technology standpoint. And there are reselling and Norway, Sweden and Denmark and very strong particularly in Denmark and have a platform that can grow in to other Western European country.  So, will it get significant compare to $3.5 billion in revenue. I’m not sure, but it continues to offer opportunities for growth and profitable growth at that. And Lessor, the only thing about Lessor was, that they had a very strong development team and a very experience leadership team. So, we felt that the leadership team and development team is there in place and ready to build out that platform to grow not only in the existing four countries that they’re in, but in many more in the future. 
Martin Mucci: Well, I think, I mean, I think it’s certainly the expertise will be shared between the IT teams. They have a good IT leader, there was a lot, many years of experience and we worked very closely with the IT leadership team here that’s working on Flex, our mobility platform and all of our integration in the cloud for HR and payroll. So, Lessor will certainly benefit, I believe from IT team here. But they’ve got a very strong development team in the South, that was one of the thing that really was attractive to us, it’s not just a service model for everyone’s calling in and the payroll specialists is doing everything. We have that in Germany, this was adding a technology solution that has performed extremely well and is very much a leader in particularly Denmark and we think it can grow. 
Martin Mucci: Sure. It’s continue to perform very well from a growth perspective sales and retention. It’s very much more of a do it yourself technology play, if anything, we’ve seen the opportunities there of upgrading with you reinsure and you’re continuing to grow and you’re want a full breadth of products and services. You tend to go to Paychex and the Flex platform and we have a process in place that we’ve had for many years with they can refer clients up based and not only based on whether they see it as an individual, but the data analytics as well. They will say these clients are ready to move and will be better place on Flex and we work clients through that. But it’s been a very good low-end entry model for clients, who want to do it themselves, set themselves up and that’s one of the reasons that we kind of keep that brand separate is part of Paychex, but it had that brand that competes very effectively, I think with some of these low-end, lower price competitors who want to do it yourself products. So, they continue to perform very well and certainly at or above our expectations. 
Martin Mucci: So, David great compound question there, so let me parse it into three pieces, so the first part of your question, yes that's correct we’re anniversaring some of the effects that you did mention. I'd say it's less about losses and more about what the mix of sales was less a year ago, less midmarket, more small market, so I think we’re anniversaring, starting to anniversary, some of that and also client retention plays into that picture. That’s part A.  Part B, the pricing dynamic so we've always said it’s one to three, you can’t continue to price at that level, especially if you deliver value for the products that you provide the clients. If you provide excellent service, clients are very willing to give you -- consider those kind of price increases. I think what's changed is that going in price, when you sell now is more competitive, and that’s a little bit more challenging but you still have an opportunity to price in the range that we have been trying you can’t. And I didn’t get the last part of the question.
Martin Mucci: I think that's a fair comment. Some of those investments are going to be geared to precisely that and I think you're right that that's where we're going to be putting some of our effort. 
Martin Mucci: I think also -- on the sales side as Efrain mentioned also retention, as I said we've been able to perform very well and therefore we've been able to have very good plans, insurance plans and pricing on those plans and I think that we definitely saw a nice improvement in retention as well. So, on both sides of the organic PEO, this is without HROI, we performed very well and we've been very focused on it as well. 
Martin Mucci: Sure. I think there is always some work being done our product that would get into Spain or France and Poland. So, I think the other markets, something that we haven't been able to do, because we didn’t want to necessarily put the investment into the development of each platform. We’re kind of at a stage now and Lessor is at a stage that we found, that has a solid platform and a way to update and build out those platforms for various countries at an effective way. They are profitable and we believe that durable service model, which is very much a do it yourself model is going to be a good way to go in Europe right now as we move forward. There is a number of and with the success they have seen in those four countries. We think we can easily expand others. Our focus right now will be, how we drive penetration in those four countries, but then after that expand to others probably more 18 to 24 months down the road. 
Martin Mucci: Well I think we’re not having a strong -- the recovery was very long and slow from additional jobs and new business startups, new business startups have now kind of gotten back to where they were kind of pre-recession long time ago now, and seemed to be holding and then in the jobs, the job growth is back to kind of a normalized component, at least in our review for -- and this is clients under -- this is businesses under 50 employees is what we focused that on. We’re back to kind of a normalized growth of businesses and employment growth, back to kind of 2004, which was our base year.  And then the wages should pick up some, so we've seen wage growth that held under 2% for -- pretty consistently until about a year ago. Now it’s starting to tick up, we actually saw it very close to 3% which was nice and strong, and now it’s kind of drifted back into that 2.7% which is a little strange, but I think it's going to end up closer to that 3% because of the shortage of employees, with specific skills and so forth.  Plus, you are also seeing at the very low end a lot of minimum wage increases are going into effect. So when you put that in depending on the time of the year you are going to see something probably closer to 3% and in those kind of front end jobs you are going to see something stronger even probably 4% to 5%, and I think, all of that kind of bodes well for checks, also, what really bodes well is that with that job growth and wage growth, more and more businesses small and midsized are going to need products that are full payroll and HR outsourcing.
Martin Mucci: I think you always want to spend more to accelerate growth and so we wanted to take advantage of some of the tax reform benefit to do that, so what we’re finding is technology spends so we, particularly in the client interface, so from mobility platforms and what we’re building into our mobility platform it's been very popular with clients. The reporting platform, the analytics, all of the things that clients want and the HR administration piece of it, there's always things that we want to do faster than we already have to be ahead of competition and we decided that given this benefit to us because we are very profitable company this is a good time to reinvest and accelerate a few of these projects that are on our roadmap and so you'll see in enhancements to a client interface and both mobility and in the breadth of products as well, we’re accelerating those.  If you look at marketing spend the marketing spend will go up as well as the sale spend, because we think with marketing -- new marketing generation tools and a bigger spend and a more focused spend, that we can get more leads into Paychex and that we’ll be able to close more sales with the focus of those leads. So we’re putting more emphasis on our marketing leads, our marketing spend and demand generation, as well as you’ll see the sales team grow, we’re not kind of right at this point ready to say how much it'll grow, but there will be a combination of growth between the virtual or telephonic sales teams and the field sales teams, because we think the opportunity is there to sell more if we had more people out there, which is a good thing.
Martin Mucci: Let me start with the PEO one. Efrain can jump in on the stock one and the others. I think one on the PEO I think it's a combination Mark. I think we certainly have been able to win over with our service and our plans and our pricing in sales execution existing PEO clients in a number of markets. So, I think we've had very competitive offerings that have done well. I also think we're selling PEO, we also have seen experience with selling PEO to some new client that have not had PEO before and as I mentioned earlier I think it's continuing to evolve that more and more clients are looking for that HR support and the co-employment is getting more known not only because of us but because of competitors out there as well. That is becoming more known and more comfortable with clients who have not experienced that before, because of tax reform, because of you know all of the HR requirements, because of healthcare.  You know, things are changing it's probably the most confusing one of the most confusing times we've ever had from what federal government is doing in and of, the federal government, the state governments I've mentioned before, regulations are going up, minimum wage changes, family leave act changes, there's never been a time frankly when there's been probably more confusion as to what I have to do particularly if I'm a multistate business. So, I think PEO is both, PEO for us has definitely been both those who already have it and those who don't have it but are now finding it as a good alternative.
Martin Mucci: Definitely, definitely and that's why as Efrain mentioned, I think I've mentioned, we put more sales teams towards this, this was behind acquisition of HROI, we felt it was a very good PEO that was doing some things different than we were and they were very effective, they were ahead of what we expected from them. So, and it's early, just from last August so I think this is definitely an opportunity and you're seeing us put more investment in the PEO and it from a sales and execution standpoint and product standpoint. 
Martin Mucci: Yes. So, I think when we get beyond that, I’ll have to, we’ll reserve discussion on how quickly we can expand margins. But we certainly be our expectation getting through this period that we continue to expand margin and part of the investment is intended to drive that as we come out of the period. How quickly, we’ll have to see, how the projects go and how they payoff. But that’s clearly in the forefront of our mind.
Martin Mucci: Yes, Mark. What I’d say is as we look to tax reform another bucket that we targeted was at the margin being able to do more M&A. I think the fact that we did Lessor in Q3 is the first indicator of that. We will be active in looking at opportunities at this stage, non-transformational but we think we have obviously a lot of ability to do the right kinds of M&A and we think there’s targets out there that are of interest to us.
Martin Mucci: Thank you. At this point we’ll close the call and if you’re interested in replaying the webcast of this conference call, it will be archived for about 30 days. Thank you for taking the time to participate in our third quarter press release conference call and for your interest in Paychex. Have a great day.
Efrain Rivera: We don’t disclose necessarily the number that we are measuring that against David but I think what we are saying is we’re getting more price out of customers, that’s the point that we are making there.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I guess what I am saying is that feel a little bit better today and in the mid-part of that range. 
Efrain Rivera: We'll talk about in the fourth quarter Jason, because then I'm going to get into a reconciliation exercise which we are not ready to do yet, so will talk more. But you can see that I'd say two things, one is that we indicated where we'd end the year so you can see where we will be versus the run rate where or the average for 2018, and you can also get a sense Jason from where we were on our initial guidance, what kind of, what kind of investments we're making. So that's the general direction I'd give. 
Efrain Rivera: I would say this Jim that we're seeing compared to the quarter a year ago we're seeing some of that pressure easing, so we'll see as we -- you know the tricky part of calling the year in the third quarter is there's still a fourth quarter to go, so we'll see where we end but we think some of those pressures are starting to ease somewhat.
Efrain Rivera: No, it's really a comment about the mix shift, we were experiencing a quarter ago or the same quarter a year ago. We’re not experiencing the same level of mix shift, we were one year ago and so we would expect as we go through the year that to continue to normalize or to stabilize. 
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So, you know and everyone who has followed us know, we have tended to be pretty heavily weighted in municipal bonds with the advent of tax reform corporates look like a potential opportunity. And when we look at the after-tax returns on corporates, it looks like there may be some advantage as current rates to tilting a bit more towards corporates.  So, we’re evaluating that, we’re in the process of thinking about that. And you could see more corporate bonds in the portfolio, I recognize, it’s very easy to say well on an after-tax basis, it really won't make that much of a difference it could have a modest after-tax impact.  So, we’re looking a little that and trying to factor in what we think by the time, we get to June, or fourth quarter, when we issue the guidance. What we think the right mix for the portfolio is based on our assumption of what the fed's going to do over the next 9 to 12 months. So that’s where our thinking is right, nothing set in stone, that’s why, I didn’t call out that specific item when I talk a bit about ’19. So that’s where our thinking is currently. 
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I think what Bryan, we’ll update, when we’re in fourth quarter, but some of that spending clearly is temporary over a couple year period. So, starting, we actually starting, we’ll start some of it in ’18 and it will expand into ’19. But then you’ll start to see some of that spending come down as we exit '20. So, some of the spending encourage in ’19. Some of the spending at this point, we’re thinking extends into ’20 and then we see some of this spending roll off. So, we’ll come back to you at the end of -- when we issue guidance at the end of the year. 
Efrain Rivera: Two quick things, first thing is on ’19 is fed rate is 21, you got to bake in state taxes which are typically for us at least between three and four that’s we don’t get quite down to 21, so that’s part.  And then with respect to 2018, you only have a partial year effective of tax reform. That's why you don't quite get down to the run rate in fiscal year ’19, that’s after you kind of filtered out all of the one timers that we’ve got in there, the revaluation or devaluation, the revaluation of deferred taxes, when you kind of net it out, in very-very broad terms you’re getting about five months of benefit in 2018, in 2019, you get 12 months of benefit and remember always it’s not just 21%, it’s also state tax, and there’s other puts and takes, but that’s basically what’s going on.
Efrain Rivera: The effective tax rate in the fourth quarter is but the way taxes are booked is you are booking at the annual rate for taxes in the quarter, not the tax rate for that specific quarter, so when you do the catch up in Q3, you adjust to what you think the run rate will be excluding the discrete items and then you carry it through, that same rate based on whatever your estimate is for the full year into the fourth quarter. So, you’re not doing a discrete tax rate for the fourth quarter. That's why that rate is where it’s at.
Efrain Rivera: Yeah, I haven't gone through the numbers but we had 1% growth Kartik this quarter, so I'd anticipate that we'll have at least modest growth in the portfolio next year in the absence of some change in the direction of the mix shift that we've seen over the last couple of years. 
Efrain Rivera: Well, so no, I said operating margin, want to just be careful, it’s operating margins so that would include income from the float but I didn't give you any guidance as to what that float will be because at this point I don't have a good feel for where, where the fed rate rise is going to be. So that wasn't provided in that discussion.
Efrain Rivera: And Gary what I’d say to just to build on what Marty said. So sure informs us of what that, the part of the market that wants less expensive, do it yourself product is really looking for, but also Flex has significant self service capabilities itself, so what was your traditional full service outsourcing in the past is much more hybrid right now, and so if you want -- if you want more feature functionality you move to Flex, if you want a more basic system, you can be very well served by SurePayrolland I think that what's happening in the market, or what will continue to evolve in the market and this goes everywhere from, all the way from SurePayroll to Flex, frankly even to the PEO offering is that people are self-selecting on the kind of service they want. If they want very little DIY fast, if they want more, they’ll go to Flex, if they want comprehensive outsourcing they’ll go to the PEO, we see that continuing to evolve as we move into the future.
Efrain Rivera: I think a couple of things, one is that I think very right as I mentioned earlier, some of the investments are pushing more toward accelerated marketing and demand generation. I think we were slower to this than we should have been as far as picking up more leads on the web, and then being able to close them more effectively, I think we've made some big changes this year into that, it's starting to pay off and we'll continue to accelerate that, there's just a different, a changing, I don't want say traffic like it's everything, but there's a changing model here, where as you would expect more people are searching, researching and deciding online and then making the call very quickly so it's going to have this balance, that we've been investing more in the virtual sales team, we got to have this balance of virtual sales, telephonic sales, who handle those leads and close the sales and the field and focusing the field on the larger clients even than some of the ones that come in on leads. Because on the leads they're ready to buy and do it over the phone or over a WebEx type of thing, they just want to see it, research it, and buy it. So, we're seeing that change and then on the midmarket, we definitely did see better retention this year than we did last year on the midmarket sales and through the end of the year, so that was a real positive for us and I think that's just you know more comprehensive products, better service and so forth. 
Efrain Rivera: That was WSC growth not client, so that's correct. That's what we had for the PEO by the way that's what we're talking about.
Efrain Rivera: I think as usual David your memory is good, and you are getting it right, it was 20% we had a really…
Efrain Rivera: You know I'd say a couple of things, so we have made a big investment in sales execution on the PEO side, and it's, those things don't occur overnight and we're getting benefit from that, and I would say that's really kind of probably the number one reason why we're seeing that kind of benefit.
Efrain Rivera: I just want to, David, one other caveat to that is, we're just talking about PEOs not necessarily. So, at year-end, we update our entire worksite employee number, which includes our lower end product the ASO and the PEO. We still have more clients on the ASO, more worksite employees on the ASO. But we put a lot of focus on PEO, because we think there is opportunity there and its starting to pay benefits.
Efrain Rivera: Sure. Absolutely, there is no increase with profile and the risk profile. And of course, we monitor that very carefully. 
Efrain Rivera: We have to look at that Jim, I don’t think that -- I think it will, it should be spelled out pretty clear in our investor presentation. 
Efrain Rivera: Jim one, I think, I understood your question, I apologize, I was not tracking. So, when you look at the table, the $0.10 really relates to Q3 and it’s the catch-up that now gets Q3 to close to $0.30, I’m sorry 30%, when you make the adjustment in that quarter. You’re catching up those first two quarters, that’s why Q3 is low and then you exit the year at around that rate. There is puts and takes there. So, if that’s not clear, just give me a buzz back and we can talk about it further.
Efrain Rivera: Mark as to your question on the split between the investment. So, let me just bracket them. I can’t give you direct answer yet, I’ve got a wait till fourth quarter. But in part is, because there some of the categories might shift between our current…
Efrain Rivera: Right. But so, let me just sort of generally say that that a reasonable way to think about it is, that about a third of the investments would be, on the operating expense side and two-thirds would be on SG&A. before I go further, just remember that in our business, ITs and G&A. So that’s why two-thirds is going into SG&A, Marty mentioned sales and marketing demand driven spending that will be one focus and then lots of IT projects that were on board and that we’re accelerating forward to try to get in over the next couple of years or so accelerate the opportunities we get from doing that. So more to come in Q4 and we can talk about it then. On the share buyback, we buyback for dilution if you look back at where we were in the quarter, we’re not too far from or expected to be, we’ll do more buying as we head into first quarter next year. 
Efrain Rivera: Yes. The idea of these investments and taking some of the benefit from tax reform spend is the drive more better and stronger top-line, sustainable top-line growth. And that we’ll start to bring the margin back is opposed to just trying to look at more we’re cutting costs. We’ve always been good at keeping costs out, we’re pretty targeted as to where these investments are going to be and hopefully how long they’re going to last and then start to see margin improvement, because of the growth in the top-line back into the ranges that we have in the past. 
Jim Schneider: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just maybe to follow-up on the prior question a little bit more, you know previously your last quarter, I think you talked about a bit of a negative mix shift in terms of client size to the smaller clients from the larger clients, or the midmarket clients, is that still, is that still in effect heading into fiscal '19 and if it is I guess that in cause implies that your client count, at least among the smaller clients could be up nicely and you're able to kind of hold the same pricing dynamics of 2% as you had. I just want to test those are indeed correct assumptions.
Jim Schneider: Got it, and then just to kind of maybe you can clarify what you just said there a little bit, does that imply that the pricing pressure you have called out in the midmarket is abating slightly or is that more of a statement about the midmarket, sorry the down market selling momentum.
Jim Schneider: And then just a follow-up for me. If I could, with respect to the investment portfolio, I think, you had called out last quarter, you may be considering some more wholesale changes given the impact of tax reform and the rates moving parts in terms of both the types of investments you’re making, as well as the duration. Maybe just kind of comment on whether we can expect from those, some of those more wholesale changes to kind of play out and so what you are contemplating. 
