Martin Mucci: Yes, I think what we've seen is the sales from new businesses are still a little bit behind where we'd like them to be. I think we're feeling good about the peak season as we're going into it -- we're into it right now -- and selling. And the fact that a lot of things are in place on the sales team, the market segmentation and the focus on franchise and banking channels, and that the sales rep turnover is back to normal and -- but we've seen still kind of a lagging business environment. It's getting better, but it's not changing a lot. It's still pretty gradual, but it just makes us work harder to get the clients.
Martin Mucci: I think we've already seen we're starting to come back, and so we're feeling pretty good about that. We're anxious to see where we are for the -- after the selling season. That really will tell the difference. But we feel good about the client retention and the sales at this point being improved over last year.
Martin Mucci: Yes, kind of across-the-board, I mean, we usually don't get into too much on the sales until after the end of the third quarter, so we see the selling season. But we will say we feel we're off to a very good start. I think this is the best in a long time that I've seen. I think the sales team is doing a great job, and particularly the core team, on bringing in new business. And revenue per client is feeling very good. I think it's the focus, as Efrain said, on execution, the sales rep turnover coming back down to normal levels, a focus on segmentation, so we're really focusing the teams on their various market segments. And I think the technology and the addition of the mobility platforms and our new payroll Report Center is all adding up to very positive at this point.
Martin Mucci: I guess -- because we don't break it down, but I guess I would repeat – I'd kind of reemphasize what Efrain just said, which is we're feeling very good about it in comparison year-over-year. I think head-to-head, we're competing very well. And both on a retention, by the way, standpoint and on a sales standpoint, I think we're doing very well.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I wouldn't add much to that except I think what we've seen is we start to see an improvement kind of in the feeling in the economy, and then it gets back to kind of standing on the sidelines. And I think in the last couple of months, in this quarter, besides Hurricane Sandy, we've also seen because of the election and now the fiscal cliff discussion, a lot of businesses, the NFIB Index, being a pretty low number right now, consumer confidence dropping after it was starting to pick up again. I just think that we need to see not only new business starts but a little bit more investment and consumer confidence, buying things, then people will open up. But we're not seeing that necessarily that opening up that second branch, that next location, that kind of thing for our clients. So I think hopefully, new business starts and with just some more confidence that there's consumer demand, we'll start to see the growth that'll help push us up into the high-single digit.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think the only other thing I'd add is on the positive side, you are starting to see housing starts and home pricing start to pick up, and that has continued. So some mixed signals. But with that picking up, then additional businesses do tend to start up, small businesses, around that housing market. So we're not expecting that long term, I mean there's certainly going to be a level of unemployment, but I do think it'll start to pick up once things starts to settle down a little bit from a government standpoint.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I've got to tell you, I've never felt better. I think we've really now -- the investments that we've been doing the last 3 or 4 years have been really coming to fruition now. So rolling out the tablet product, the mobility platform with tablets and smartphones, the Report Center we just did in October, everything has been right on schedule. You've got to wait a couple years to get all that pulled together, but I've never felt better about the execution of the work that's being done there. And we have some great releases coming in the next calendar year that are planned out and right on time, and more for even the middle market, the major market side of the business. So I feel very good about that. I feel good about the investment that even with that level of investment, we've been able to produce our industry-leading margin. And so that's going to continue. It will moderate to some degree because we had kind of a peak there. But it's still going to be a double-digit increase in expense, and we're making up for it in the productivity in other areas. So I feel good about the execution. I feel good about the client response and CPA responses. And I feel good about the continued growth in that technology. To us, it's always been a service model and a mix of technology. And I really feel good about the technology piece that we've been able to release, particularly in the last 18 months.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think there's -- it's a combination. I would say, we're definitely I think doing well on the market share. I think we're doing well head to head and because you've got to make up for some of the new businesses not starting up. I think it's a lot about execution and leadership. As you know, I've brought in a new head of sales a little over a year ago now, Mark Bottini. I think he's done a nice job, he and his team, across the company in getting the group pumped up. They're feeling good about the product. They've always felt good about the service, and they've now seen a lot of product technology come out. And then, I think you're also seeing a focus on segmentation, so we split our core -- our payroll sales team to, say, focus on really under 50 and over 50, made a clear segmentation there. We focused on new channels, with franchises, won a big one with Subway, the largest franchise in, really, the world and certainly in the country, and getting a partnership there. I think they're feeling like their hey, their company's doing a lot of things to support them, and certainly I think that's showing up in why the turnover is down and I think, their successful increase.
Martin Mucci: I think -- yes, one, I think it's the momentum. You can feel with the team and the positive feeling that they're winning, they're driving more revenue per client, they're having success out there, they like the technology and the service combination that is there for them to sell the value. I think it's the leadership and the execution. When you look at, again, the franchise and the banking channel, I think there's this feeling like we're -- there's a lot of things going there. We've got various promotions and I think the incentive plan is working well for them. So I think it's all those things together. It's a momentum that you feel. Now we're usually pretty cautious until we get through January and February and get through that quarter. But at least going in at this peak time, we're feeling pretty good about all those things showing through the turnover and, in a general positive sense of the sales team.
Martin Mucci: Well, yes. I don't think so -- I don't -- the numbers aren't large enough for us yet. I think that particularly like if you look at 401(k), we've been in it a long time, and yet we found kind of a different way to go to really focus and execute this year, focused on the financial advisors. We've tried it before. This year, I think, we went after the financial advisors to work with them directly to go after the larger clients, larger 401(k) plans as well. And we've had some nice success. Just starting it up, we've had some nice success. So I think there's always new ways to kind of go at even a mature -- something that's mature for us but still has to of potential. When you think about the penetration levels into our client base, we still have a lot of room to grow.
Martin Mucci: It's something we've been selling for a number of years in partnership, and again, brought it, bring it in, get it integrated, and it will build over time. So as Efrain said, a small base coming in but a lot of potential in that -- particularly in the major market business.
Martin Mucci: I think it's been pretty consistent. I don't -- we've seen gradual improvement. I think there was some improvement in the first couple of months of this fiscal year and then it seemed to kind of stall again because of the election coming out. And so I think the new business formations we've talked a lot about, that really hasn't recovered. I think then just businesses opening up those additional locations, adding employees, has kind of stagnated a little bit. It's been pretty flat this quarter because of the election and then the fiscal cliff discussion and so forth. So I would say, it's not worse. It just hasn't gotten a lot better. So I think it's tough out there, but I think we're executing better. And I think we're giving more things in the tool bag for the sales group to sell as well.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think the main word would be confusion. I think there's still confusion as, what do I have to do? Do I really have to do this? What am I -- should I take a penalty or should I get the insurance? Am I going to be able to go to an exchange and what does that look like for my employees? I think all that generally bodes pretty well for us from the standpoint that we've got a good health insurance business that has been selling near 20% or over, and I think that we'll continue to be that expert for them. So we see it as fairly positive at this point. While there'll be pressure on the commission rates from the carriers to us for selling, and the exchanges, I do think we're positioning ourselves to continue to be an expert for them to come to as a small business and help decide what they're going to do, and we're looking to capitalize on that. So I think the major thing is just confusion, just not sure how it's all going to pan out. And I do think that's part of why they're not expanding either in employees. They just don't know what their health costs are going to be, what their tax rates are going to be, if there's going to be credits, and things like that. So I think that's how I'd categorize it.
Martin Mucci: I think that plays well, kind of from a public relations, very interesting kind of anecdote, but I don't think that we're – well, we're not seeing much of that at this point, and I don't know if you're really going to see a business go and transition everybody to part time just to avoid or change their healthcare costs. It sounds good, but when think about changing your business and the way you're structuring your employees and risking that they're going to leave because they're part-time versus full-time, I don't think you're -- I honestly don't think we're going to see that much of that. What I do think you'll see is more employers may go to a set dollar amount. They may change the structure of how they're paying for healthcare and go to, "Hey I'll give you a set dollar amount and then help you pick individual insurance." And again, we're trying to structure ourselves and our product set and salespeople to say, "Hey, we'll help you that." It's a combination of health spending accounts and reimbursements and so forth as opposed to just straight old, "I'll pay 75% of the premium" type of thing. So I think you're going to see more of those changes and products than you will people necessarily shifting to part-time. If it does happen or that it happens, I don't think that would have a big impact on us. It's just, frankly, it might be more checks if you have more part-timers versus full-timers. But I really don't see most -- many businesses shifting. That is too risky from a business standpoint.
Martin Mucci: Well, one of the reasons we acquired SurePayroll, now almost a couple years ago, we really felt that they positioned well for that market, that small businesses, particularly smaller business in the 5- to 7-employee range or less, wanted to use technology to save costs or just do it themselves and control it themselves. That market, that we thought SurePayroll was a very good alternative for that. And so we acquired them, and we're seeing them with double-digit growth, as I said. So I don't think it's necessarily taking from us at this point from a full outsourced model because what we haven't seen, and I think our competitors have said the same thing, I don't -- there doesn't seem to be, at this point, a shift in those who want to do it themselves and those who want to outsource. But I do think that more will go from manual writing checks to an online product that'll make them more productive as a small business and as they get more comfortable with technology, like Square is to merchant processing. So I think we'll see more in SurePayroll. That seems to have happened. It doesn't seem to come at an expense of a full outsourcer because you're kind of in one mindset or another. And as far as the sales force, I think we're always ready to say, yes, there's going to be -- we've even gotten more sales from web leads. So I think there'll be more search, more online going out and for something. But I think we've positioned ourselves very well to take those web leads and send someone else to sell it or sell it over the phone. Both have increased pretty well from a sales sourcing perspective.
Martin Mucci: No, I think it's -- yes, I think it's already been -- it rolled in very quickly, and I think it's already impacting this year. I think it's just a clear definition. It's just another thing that Mark has done that I think to provide very clear direction who's selling to what groups, that on top of the focus on other markets, expanded some territories, seeing the turnover come back down. I mean all these things are giving us some good momentum going into the peak season.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think it's always been something that we've been involved in but have not put a dedicated effort to. And this year, we decided that we really thought there was an opportunity there. So I think you'll see it gradually improve. We're already feeling pretty good about the folks that we have running that channel, very specific focus, and in tying that support back to the overall sales team. So just feel good about that. I think it's going to ramp up over time as opportunities come up. I also would tell you that when you look at SurePayroll, what they've done there is offer that white-label product and they've been very successful at going into banks and offering kind of the other side of this. And now as Paychex comes to the banking community, they offer both sides. We're one of the very few, I think, if anyone, who can say, if want to be a white-label product and build it into your online suite of services as a bank, SurePayroll is kind of your behind-the-scenes player. If you want -- if you have a client that wants to be referred out to an outsourced payroll provider, that's Paychex. And so you have one person to really deal with and can provide a suite of products for the bank channel. And we think that's going to be very successful. We've had a nice start to it, but I think it'll ramp up gradually over time.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think as we -- it's not something that you put in and you kind of leave stagnant. So as we continue to add more functionality to that, I think the productivity will continue to offset. It certainly has moderated some. And so I think while we have it, it'll continue to moderate over time. But we keep adding more functionality to it and keep looking for other ways to increase our productivity and then really use that to continue to fuel the IT and product development. So I think you'll see a continuation of it, but it'll probably moderate at some point. But always looking for leverage. You know that. That's where we come from. And we'll continue to grow the top line and try to increase the bottom as well and gain leverage on everything we do.
Martin Mucci: Yes, it's -- I think what we'll see is one on retention. I think clients will -- I think will stay more. We have some. The one thing we would hear about that clients always want is more flexibility in reporting. And so they always want easier to get to their reports and more flexibility to custom-design what they want and download it into their own spreadsheets and so forth. We believe this does that. It pulls all of their services together in one Report Center, makes it very easy to use and very flexible to the client and to the CPA. So I think, one, it'll help the CPA relationships. I think it'll help retention. Can't tell you exactly how much that will at this point, but we certainly think it'll help us get to historic bests on retention, even better than we've been at our best. And I think it'll drive some sales. It puts another thing in the -- again in the tool bag of a salesperson to say, "Look, what we have is not only great service and good technology, but also all your reporting is even that much better."
Martin Mucci: I'll just start and then I'll let Efrain jump in on mix shift. I think that -- I think it continues to be very competitive. And I think we've done pretty well there. I think we're seeing continual product enhancements and functionality coming to that market, particularly over the next year. And what we've done is continue to add other products in. Adding -- acquiring ExpenseWire is part of the plan of being able to own that -- a product like that even though it starts out small but building it into the suite of products in a single sign-on that we have so that a client has a full base of experience. We have HR online, time and attendance online, ExpenseWire. And we're always -- and of course, we have recruiting partnerships and so forth on the front end of it on the whole thing. So I think it's just continuing -- that market is going to continue to evolve and continue to be very competitive. But I think we're well positioned to compete there.
Martin Mucci: I wouldn't say it increased, but it continued to be pretty strong. We feel good that they're right on track, if not slightly above what our expectations were, so we're feeling good about what they're doing. I think it's been a combination. They do a great job of marketing. You may have heard them on satellite radio. They're testing out things there and they're doing a number of things to drive in that web-based search for someone who wants to control it and set it up themselves and have the flexibility. So I think they're doing very well.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think what we see is not so much that they're going elsewhere, although that sometimes on 401(k), it's more that they don't need the service or feel like they need the service at this point. So we're not losing too much in our client base. Obviously, our team on the HRS side, both HR outsourcing, 401(k), et cetera, go into the base. And typically, we're selling them on those products for the first time. So it's not typically -- it's not normal that they're going to someone else, it's more that we're teaching them the value -- we're helping them understand the value of needing the service, and they may just decide not to take it at that time. So we don't lose too much head-to-head. Now retention, after they've had the product, is we then have to work to be sure that we're staying competitive with the value that they're receiving, but it's more not losing it head-to-head. It's more teaching them or helping them understand the value of having it. I'll let Efrain take the first part.
Martin Mucci: Yes, it is open choice. But we have found, as I mentioned, that we don't see based on our research, and I think some competitors have said the same thing, that there hasn't been a big shift between wanting to do it themselves or wanting to outsource. And the pricing difference roughly would be 2.5x -- 2.25x to 2.5x. So where SurePayroll might be around $800, our average client might be around a couple thousand dollars. So you don't see a shift just because of price necessarily to say that on an annual basis. It's more what your preference is, and we haven't seen those preferences change. So you either want to control it or you don't. And I think with -- even with -- while people are getting more comfortable with technology, the shift seems to come more from manual to someone like SurePayroll or Intuit, not necessarily going from full outsource to doing it themselves. That's based on what we've seen. We haven't seen a big shift in that market.
Martin Mucci: Thank you. At this point, we will close the meeting and the call. If you're interested in replaying the webcast of this conference call, it will be archived until January 21. I do thank you for your time to participate and your interest in Paychex. And I wish you all, on behalf of Efrain and myself, a very happy holiday season. Thank you.
Efrain Rivera: Look, we quantified as best as we could what we thought the impact of the storm is. At this point, we don't anticipate it will be significant, but we're still quantifying some of the impact.
Efrain Rivera: I can't get into the exact number, but the impact of what we saw in Q2 has a follow-through impact on Q3. And the other thing that I would mention is that the Q3 compare is difficult because we had an extra day of processing there because it was a leap year.
Efrain Rivera: No, I think pricing has held. I think when you factor in checks and the impact that we saw from the storm, it probably caused a little bit of disruption in the quarter. So you can't look at the data and say that there's been a change in pricing. The effect of the storm and the impact it had on clients who didn't run payrolls is going to have a little bit of effect on the revenue per client.
Efrain Rivera: No, I'd just say that focusing on new businesses is only part of the equation. And what I'd add is that in the last 2 months, we've had some of the best back-to-back sales months that we've had in a while. And it's a focus -- it's a product of focusing on the issues that Marty mentioned earlier on all the other channels that we put an emphasis on execution, better execution. And so I think although Marty's correct in terms of the constraints that we're having with new business formation, it's not impacting at this point significantly our new business sales because we're seeing good results in terms of early results on sales.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, we don't disclose that information. So it's -- let's put it this way. Given our increasing sales year-over-year, what we're seeing, we're winning our fair share.
Efrain Rivera: Okay. So David (sic) [Jason], we know what our price increase which we didn't disclose was, and our average realized price on the price increase was higher last year than it is currently. So that's one factor. And second, we do have a window into where we see the year ending and feel good about where we think we'll end. We've ramped a little slower than perhaps our plan anticipated, but we are ramping through the year. And that's the way we constructed the plan.
Efrain Rivera: Don't expect it to continue in the second half. But if you go back to 2010, and we don't disclose the information, but it did have an impact on payroll service revenue. We had seen an increase in the amount of employees per payroll in our mid-market segment. And while it did increase in Q2, it just -- the growth rate moderated a bit.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, thanks, Jason. I'll start and I'll let Marty add some comments to it. So if you look at where we were when we were posting high single-digit growth in payroll, you were in an environment where new business starts we're 850,000-plus. The last readout we got was 758,000. That was then revised upwards by 23,000 to 781,000. So we're not even at 800,000. We get a question from time to time around whether we're losing share, and we can peg what our new sales are to that number of new business starts pretty closely. And we don't vary too much, not more than 1% in a given year. So obviously, we're not in that kind of environment, but I would say that as unemployment drops and as new business formations start to increase because people are more -- have less uncertainty and have more certainty about committing capital, we think certainly that the business will start to -- business revenue will start to pick up.
Efrain Rivera: Sure. So 2 things there, so one kind of a micro issue and the second, a macro. So we mentioned the sequential change in checks per payroll from 1.8% to 1.2%. We think that was a blip in the quarter. What we have seen is just very, very gradual moderation, which we're assuming in the plan. So in terms of the segment of customers we have, at this point, it looks like the bias is towards more hiring rather than lower. To the extent that unemployment remains high, the challenge you've got is that, that creates an environment of where sentiment for small business owners is not really good and they don't hire the additional employee, or as Marty mentioned, they don't hire -- they don't open the additional location. It becomes more difficult. I just want to reiterate that neither Marty nor I are saying that this environment is an excuse for not growing. We believe we can grow, and I think that we have early signs that we're doing a good job in terms of core payroll. But obviously it creates a bit of a dampening effect.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, yes. Yes, I understand -- I understood the question. So the way we constructed the plan was that, as we talked about last year, was we anticipated Q1 would be a challenging quarter, difficult compare, and that we'd build from there. And when you subtract some noise that I've mentioned from it, we think that we're on track to get to where we wanted to be at the end of the year.
Efrain Rivera: I think what I've seen said is that we'll repurchase shares opportunistically. Haven't planned and I can't give you a specific dollar amount, but we do intend to go into market when we think the opportunity is there.
Efrain Rivera: I think, Kartik, the other thing I'd add is that I think Marty has brought a real emphasis on execution again, specific segments of the market, and I think we're earlier in identifying where we thought we could gain business, and those programs that have been in place, and in some cases tested. And we feel pretty good about the results that we think we're going to get.
Efrain Rivera: So I'll mention it one more time. So it's twofold. There is a lingering impact, and this also goes back to Sara's question. So when we impacted a bit of the growth rate in Q2 that has a follow-on effect, obviously, through the next -- ripples through the next 3 quarters. So there's some impact from that. And we think we've quantified, but I'd say it's at least 0.5%. It could be more based on what we've seen. So that's part 1. But part 2 is that in Q3 of last year, we knew this when we planned the business out. We had an additional day of processing because it was a leap year that doesn't recur this year. So this is the year where we don't benefit from that day. And so both of those are factors there. So the Q4 compare is going to get easier, and we are anticipating a good quarter-over-quarter comparison in that quarter for payroll. And we're anticipating that Q4 sequentially is going to be a stronger quarter than Q3 is.
Efrain Rivera: I think, Brian, we -- as we comment every planned season, we assume this is a year that we start to see an acceleration in improvement, particularly around new business starts. And what we have ended up seeing, and now obviously for 2 to 3 years having the same conversation, it's just going to be gradual. We've incorporated that in our thinking. I think there also was a significant amount of uncertainty in the first half of the year that impacted how people thought about whether they wanted to start a business and whether they wanted to add employees. So a combination of those 2 factors from a macro perspective. I think on the other hand, we're executing better, and we think that's an offset to those negatives.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, that's correct. We obviously don't -- we don't disclose where we ended up in terms of sales growth for the quarter, but we feel positive about where we ended up.
Efrain Rivera: Well, with the absence of 3 quarters where we had just unusual negatives, that's part of it. And then the Q4 compare is just easier.
Efrain Rivera: Actually, it was a little bit of all of those. So we had some price increases really kind of across the board. I would characterize them as modest. The second is we did have increases in clients quarter-over-quarter. But if you're looking at it sequentially, Jim, it was the absence of some negatives in Q1 that didn't appear. As every quarter goes on, for example, our PEO comparisons get better so that becomes less of a drag. In the Q1 of 2 years ago compared to Q1 of this year, we had higher basis point fees in that quarter that caused the comparison issue in Q1. We're -- as Marty said, we're executing well on the 401(k) business. We've got higher assets. And although base fees on average are down, we did well in the quarter. So it's really an execution against all of the 3 segments of the business and then the absence of some negatives that occurred in Q1.
Efrain Rivera: No, we haven't necessarily baked that in. If we do that, and we'd have to figure out what that EPS impact is. No, what's happening there is we made assumptions about interest rates in the back half of the year that have turned out to be lower. And also average investment balances because of the acceleration of the dividend, end up creating lower average balances. By year end, we'll be at the exact same point, or probably higher than we were in December. But the average balance will be lower.
Efrain Rivera: I think it's half and half. I wouldn't call it real strong and say executing where we think we can for the quarter based on what we're seeing. And Q4 is just simply, for the number of the reasons I mentioned, an easier compare than Q2 -- Q3, I should say.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. No, I understand that, but the factor you can't add in your numbers because we deliberately did not disclose the exact amount for the price increases, what's the price increase this year versus last. And I can say that the net price is lower this year than last year. So that's the factor that you're not equating. And part of the reason, the way we built the plan was, we said we chose not to create a higher revenue number based on greater amount of pricing and thought that we could get greater revenue through greater clients and also pricing within the clients that we got, and that was the plan or that was our approach in the way that we constructed the plan in the year. So what we're seeing when we look at our plan through the quarter is it's building in a way that will get us to where we want to be in terms of the growth rate in Q4. There are anomalies in each quarter that frankly would waste too much time going through. I mention in Q1 the timing differences. Now we got hit with Sandy in Q2. And then we've got the additional payroll date in -- payroll processing date in Q3. So those were all things that created lumpiness in the quarter. One other thing, Gary, I'd mention is that when we said we thought HRS would accelerate from Q1 to Q2, I know there was justifiably by some people skepticism around there, and you saw what happened in Q2 with respect to HRS. So we could see the numbers and think we're building the way we want to.
Efrain Rivera: It does. It depends on -- every day has its own unique characteristic. It's going to depend on what day of the week it falls and what payrolls tend to be processed on that day; weekly, semi or 2-weeklies and monthly.
Efrain Rivera: That's a good one, Jeff. No, no, we call out -- so the operating model is that Q3 is a big sales and ops activity quarter, so we just naturally have more expense in those quarters. And then Q4 is a bit of a carryover from Q3. So our expenses tend to be higher in the second half. So we're just calling that out. We obviously will look at trying to leverage wherever we can and have done a good job. And part of our expense base is variable, so we have an opportunity to do that.
Efrain Rivera: And Mark, it also continues to put pressure on the local and regional players who just really just can't match the technology. And if you look at our results, we see we keep gaining share against them.
Efrain Rivera: It's not net pricing actually declined. It's the -- that the price increase we chose to take was lower on a net basis from last year. Because, Mark, as you understand, there's a trade-off between how you price and what units you get. And we just called it at a certain point. And we'll see -- could have called it incorrectly, but doubt that. We think we're positioned where we should be.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, Mark, and the other thing I'd say, as I mentioned earlier, that if you go back to 2010, we didn't disclose this, but we've been seeing increases in employees per client. And in this quarter that trend moderated a bit.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, the first part, Ashwin, is that if you take a core payroll customer, and they had at least some participation on all 3 of the suite of services that we provide, insurance, 401(k) record, keeping and also HR Solutions, that revenue becomes -- can get up to 4x to 5x the original amount they're paying for payroll.
Efrain Rivera: The other thing, Ashwin, I'd say is that there frequently is an underestimation of the regulatory complexity implications of getting it wrong for -- particularly for clients that are bigger than just 2, 3, 4 employees. Once you're up at that 10-employee range, which a lot of our clients are, there you're getting into a level of complexity that on the surface doesn't seem like much, but when you start adding in all of the changes coming in from the federal government and also at the state and local level, for a larger client, it just doesn't make sense for them to spend the time doing that themselves.
