John Morphy: Basically, we're up about 3%. We expect most of it to stick. All the price increases we've put in on May 1, and that's now been billed and had no real significant responses from clients that would be a cause for concern. A year ago, we put a price increase in about 3% and we got a little more than 2.5% of it. Lost a little bit to discounting, but that compares very favorably to the year before when basically a 3% price increase was totally lost to discounting.
John Morphy: That's basically a board decision. We're all pretty much in sync. I'm not sure what they'll do. They'll make a decision on that in the July meeting.
John Morphy: It's one of those things you got to wait till you see it. Obviously last year, we did negative one. And years ago, we had a plan to get to positive because now we work for this founder that a plan, if that's a negative, just you're not going to get one of those nor should we have one of those. Now fortunately last year, some weakness in that was offset by stronger revenue per check because we didn't discount as much in the checks per client. And we still expect to get them checks per client positive this year. In effect, the client base decline isn't as much. So we're not going into the wind anywhere as near as much as we were a year ago. So we're still optimistic, but a lot of it's going to depend on how much we can sell. Both the sales forces in-house are challenged on trying to get to positive client growth. I think there's a real good chance we'll get to positive client growth. I don't think it will get to 3% because I think this is something that's going to take a couple of years, but I think we're heading in the right direction. We felt real good going from a negative 3% last year to only negative 1%. SurePayroll helped us on this so we're very committed to it. At the same time, we need a little help from the economy. We're not sure what it will produce, but we're going to keep pushing and we're getting better and better at what we're doing on the sales front.
John Morphy: They have about 33,000 clients. They've better -- they've been growing 10% plus. When we bought them, we surely counted on them to keep that growth going. And that's a market we really haven't been in. We can help a little with the Google expense. Our name will help a little bit. So we're looking forward to that doing quite well.
John Morphy: No, I don't expect that. We basically are running right now with 3 platforms, you could say. We have core, MMS and SurePayroll. Now the SurePayroll platform, the margins there are really designed to operate, offset the revenues lower in the pure Internet full-service client. We can get to the same margins by not having the same costs. Obviously, they're going to gain some advantages out of the knowledge we have in the payroll industry. We've got a couple of things in their platform we've got to change. We got to get onto their tax calculation, our tax calculation model as opposed to the one their basically branding. And the MMS platform gets stronger and stronger, but as the core platform improves, eventually, those 2 platforms will be merged. So you can see the leverage benefits. When you look at the income statement and you look at operating income percent after float, it's a little bit -- not really misleading, but what you can't quite see is we got some really good improvement in operations and invested some of that back into IT, both product and systems as we invested. Actually, our growth in IT expenses were over 10% the last couple of years. And the way we've been able to afford that yet not have significant increases in expenses is the margin improvement we're getting off the product. So I think we have to continue to invest through good times and bad times. We've been doing that. We've seen improved margins and we'll continue to see them. And as the MMS platform merges with core, we're going to get some more opportunities to leverage.
John Morphy: A lot of people talked about softening and I don't like looking at short-term results because you get calendar aberration. The calendar is not regular, but even having said that, we haven't seen anything that shows any real weakening, no. The thing is there's movement. It's moving up with a snail's pace, but we haven't got one statistic that's gone backward yet.
John Morphy: Yes, I wouldn't say our philosophy changed at all. For most of the departments, you get 2 things. When you assume you're going to have another -- you're going to assume you have a good sales year, that bumps expense up. And the other area's on the acquisition. So really, if you look at the rest of the departments, other than investing in IT, pre [ph] and all the rest, they have little or no increases.
John Morphy: I would expect slower growth. I would say it's somewhere between 3 and 5. And the function there is not as much client growth as it is wage inflation.
John Morphy: You basically got minus one from clients because you got plus one from basically checks per client growth, is about what we're estimating. So it gets about neutral client growth. Let's say it's low single digits, the price is 3 and the acquisition is one. So that gets you between 5% and 7%. And our financial plan is -- when we give guidance, our plan will be pretty much right in the middle of those ranges. I think one of the things that's an advantage after the Sarbanes-Oxley, it's the thing -- there's 2 things in Sarbanes to me are the best. One is the requirement that you got to have a whistleblower line. But the second one is you got to have all the committee meetings before all press releases and year-end financial disclosure. And basically, we look at the guidance and the board approves the guidance. We have to show them what the plan looks like, what the sensitivities are, the high lows. So when you see us change guidance, that's going to be supported by a forecast that's very, on the same base we always prepare them. So pretty much, this guidance is pretty close to the middle of what we think it's going to be.
John Morphy: The EDP [ph] signal, add 1% to that. And a lot of it depends on how things kind of go. I mean, we've done some good things over there. We did some good things on the human resource, the full outsourcing, introduced a new product that kind of was in between full commitment and not having to pay as much. But we're really reenergizing our insurance business. We've continued to do well but we knew we'd eventually would run up to the point where just simply getting broker or record transfers become a little more difficult. Kevin Hill, with a lot of insurance experience, has done a great job over there. We've kind of made a lot of changes. In an orderly fashion, we would get that going again. The insurance parts and property and casualty all continue to look good so we think we feel pretty comfortable on the 12% to 15%. And I think we'll be pretty close back to 12%, if not only slightly below it in the first quarter, so not too worried about the aberration in the fourth quarter. It was what we thought it would be. We talked about that last quarter. The PEO is just lumpy once in a while and it was lumpy up in the third and lumpy down in the fourth, which what we expected.
John Morphy: Well, the client growth really takes place in the last half of the year. So now, hopefully it will be, but I can't tell you what will happen. I mean you're in the marketplace, you service your clients, we're doing a great job in retaining them, but that next thing that's going to move that over the goal line is going to have to be sales. And if you remember, our sales cycle is about 1.5 week on core. So for anybody to sit here and say that they can predict accurately what it's going to be 2 months now just isn't possible. Now the same time I say that, it doesn't mean that the year is very much exposed to what happens on this. We have talked about it before that the amount of revenue that's gained on sales especially in payroll in the first year, it's important but it doesn't alter the year very much, which is why since I've been here, it's been 15 years, we book within 1% of our revenue expectations on payroll revenue and actually the whole business, every year but 3. Two were recession years and then this year, when checks per client were stronger. So we missed client growth this year, but the revenue wasn't really missed, it was exceeded. So you got a lot of factors going on. So you want to sell as much as possible, but it's going to be what's it going to be. And we feel pretty good where we are in the year, and the bigger impact generally is on the following year but then we readjust, we look at expenses and we're committed to keep growing. We would have had margin expansion in this plan. We did have margin expansion in the plan. That was basically removed when we put the 2 acquisitions in, but we think those are good investments for revenue growth in the future and we feel good about it.
John Morphy: I guess, Jim, it's going to be 3% to 4%. And I think that depends on what kind of a growth you get in the small business. The one thing I don't think you can change the opinion on it, I don't think penetration in this market's going to change. It can change a little bit on the SurePayroll side where those 5 million manual accounts are, but they're small. But pretty much, markets have the same level of penetration, so it grows about equal to what the world is growing.
John Morphy: Well, our revenue retention is -- you measure it at about 20, but on revenue, that was down around 15. Basically we -- the goal is to get -- the all-time debt was 19-something. And we're probably taking where we just finished this year and try to cut, get to the best there by about half. But you're cutting -- it's close to that, yes.
John Morphy: Now, you have to understand, the checks per client, this is not a number we keep giving all the time. When the economy gets to a point where this information is meaningful, we give it. When we get to hopefully better times and it's not so meaningful, we stop. And the reason we stop is people start overreacting and looking at the number and it just winds up not being effective. So that could happen at some point, but in the current conditions, I'm sure we'll be giving it for a while.
John Morphy: No, pretty close. Revenue has been a little better than we expected throughout the year only because checks per client has stayed stronger than we thought they would. And we did a better job on pricing. We didn't have to do as much discounting.
John Morphy: One thing about the economy now, you got to go back. Remember checks per client if you go back to '95, it would be flat. Let's say with 15: 15, 15-1, 15-49. Yet 2002, it drops 4% like a rock. Next year, it drops from the 4%, but that was completely because we bought 80,000 clients with a smaller client size. And then you keep going, you go same number less the 4%. It moves along, moves along, moves along, moves along and you get to, I think it's 9 and 10. Now this time, the change didn't take place kind of coincidental with our calendar -- our fiscal with the calendar year, so it drops like a rock 5%. Hit me about 2, for 2.5 points in each year, okay? And this year, it got better. Normally, this statistic never gets better. It only stays where it is. But I think because there's been so few business starts, because we throw the whole thing in, that 2% plus is probably a little bit less than that. So generally, this thing stabilized. But we believe it's going to continue to stay reasonably good, and we think that will happen over the next 12 months, but the comparisons are harder and so really doesn't reflect any real change in conditions.
John Morphy: Well first off, we have margin expansion this year until I put those 2 acquisitions in. When Marty and I went to the board with the budget, first off, it didn't have them in. These -- I'm going to use numbers that aren't in numbers so you can have an idea what probably happened. Let's say we're at 4. That meant the operating income without float had to go up 6 because we want 2 basis points. And then what happened is these acquisitions basically added about 1% in total to revenue growth and took out 1% on the operating income growth. So pretty much, it went from 4 and 6 to 5 and 5. And that's kind of what happened only obviously, the different number. So basically, we're not away from margin expansion. Now looking forward, I think we're continuing to still get margin expansion. That's a part of the culture. It's part of what you expect from us. And the only time that won't happen is when there's something that is unusual. Obviously, the recession hurt us and checks per client went down pretty dramatically, but we believe we're going to get back on that. So unless there is some acquisition, I think we'll be back to leveraging. But again, you might find a good acquisition. But if that accelerates revenue growth and at the same time, helps profit growth go up, I don't think anybody will be too sad about that. But we have not guided away from our desire to expand margins and our commitment to the board was we will continue to expand them, and we have to show the forecast to the plan separate of those to clearly indicate we were doing so.
John Morphy: No. We would have had it. We had -- those 2 acquisitions, when you buy them at the front end, you get hit pretty heavy with the amortization costs, which eventually go away or they diminish pretty fast. We had the expansion. It's not that we needed higher revenues or anything, we would have had our normal model.
John Morphy: You're missing my point. I just -- we had margin expansion before I put the 2 acquisitions in. Meaning, we had to put extra 401(k) costs in, so the match went for a full 12 months versus 6, merit increases withheld in the prior year. We've got extra investments in IT, but all those were offset by operating productivity in both G&A and in the branches. So what you're looking at, I knew we would go through this, we do not -- the only reason we have operating margins not going up 200 basis points over revenue growth is because I had to add in the results of those 2 acquisitions.
John Morphy: Because numbers' dollars work exactly when you get with more volatility like we've had, but you're not far off.
John Morphy: It's hard to say but I think if you go 2 or 3 more years, the whole portfolio is going to turn over. But you got 2 or 3 more, we go down. We can't go down much more than it is. I mean, the reinvestment rate at long term was as high as 1.0. I mean, you'll have some, but it's going to go down gradually. You're not going to see any big drop like we saw before. And eventually, the rates got to go up.
John Morphy: It's closer. Not quite, but a little bit negative. That's why you got the guidance. But the thing I do know is if rates go back up, this thing will move pretty quickly. If you compare us to what I would say are the normal rates for those last 10 years, except when you take up this period where interest rates were 0 sometimes, we're down about $0.15 a share. So it doesn't have to go up much to give us some of that back.
John Morphy: When they discount, they hit their commission immediately. So they don't want to discount any more than they have to. Sometimes, they'll take some for the price we don't like but they got to act pretty much within the guidelines. And if you've got a control mechanism, it's really the branch manager.
John Morphy: Well, we tend not to buy things that are very large because the prices are big. And if that gets big and really, a great company is always going to be putting this company in any form in jeopardy of acquisitions. There was a payroll acquisition that's out there right now that's got a fair number of clients in it but they want a lot of money, we don't think it's strategic to anybody at this point, maybe a new player. But we're not going to get enough to be able to do that much with it, so we are not going to deal on that one. The best kind we can find are ePlan and our SurePayroll are perfect examples. SurePayroll was $115 million, so we didn't shy from paying over $100 million. If basically they offer something that's very strategic to us and very important to us, and if we have to pay up for that, we'll pay up. That's why we paid so much for SurePayroll. Normally, we would not pay that much, but we saw the chance to get a fully integrated Internet application we could not design in the timeframe we felt we needed to get it. We saw the ability to get some people and some process, so we did it. And I think it will work out fine. So when you look at other acquisitions that we're still very picky about whether it's in our space, whether it makes sense, and we don't want to start changing the whole way we look at things. So we're going to look for the good ones and we always done quite a few now, and not that many big ones, but since I've been here, now, it's probably well over 10. The only one that we, I would say, did not come out real well was the time and attendance solution. But we got the products we needed, we moved them to us, and then we sold the piece back to some other people. So even on that one, we do not have anything where I would say was very distasteful.
John Morphy: I don't know that we would borrow money to buy stock back. And I could say that would be never. And they're pretty well committed to the dividend. We look at the stock buyback we did -- I think we started in '08. And to me, you can't just look at the stock buyback. Our average price is 42, but you've got to look at the whole scenario from '08 to now. We had a lot of money. We got it out of interest or investment return levels at a great time. It got us out of some investments, which maybe would have got out of anyway, but we wanted first to get out of auction notes. We had over 500 million at one time. We were one of the first ones to get out of certain variable rate demand notes. So I look at those strategy and say, okay, it might not have been perfect, but all I know is from '08 to now, we didn't lose any principal money and we got some money off the right time. I'm not always in favor of buying stock back simply to take on the debt. Some of us pay in order to yield a little bit better structure. I'm not sure when I look at the earnings per share, impact is enough of a meaningful change. I'm never even sure it's always going to change. So I think we'll continue the way we are. I think we've got excess cash and that we would probably consider a stock buyback. Now one change I think we would make is the last time we implemented the program over a relatively short period of time, about 6 months. And next time, I think we'd be more opportunistic. We might have announced the plan, but we wouldn't necessary try to complete in a short period of time. The reason we did that on the last one was we had $1 billion and we wanted to be a company that's known for doing what we say we'll do. We do not want to announce a stock buyback program and then 12 months later, not bought really anything back. So we'll keep watching it. I wouldn't say there's any closed viewpoint on this. They're still open, but in these conditions, I don't think that's going to happen at any significant size, but then, you never know.
John Morphy: Well, a lot of -- in our HRS products, I would say the normal fee on everyone is about 50% comes from outside, 50% from inside. And while the one that's starting to move up is the 401(k), the product offering is getting better to get conversion. The product offering and this -- that we just bought is going to help in these financial advisors. And the one thing on 401(k) that we make sure we are is we evolve continually because we want to stay #1. And now, we have more plans than anybody else, we sell more than anybody else and we know if we don't keep evolving and moving kind of ahead of the curve, then we won't stay that way. Healthcare is still very much in its infancy, the one that's kind of amazed me on the strength of the full outsourcing of HRS Services. Those grow rather nice. They rate through this recession, which should say, why would the most expensive product you have take you on the best growth prospects share to that? But I think we've got a real good offering that meets clients' needs. So penetration is there, but I don't think it's anything that's alarming yet. And we just got to keep watching it. But we look at HRS, it's going to continue to grow faster than payroll and we'll see what happens. But we haven't reached a point where there are no opportunities yet. Now the same time I say that, it's like getting some client growth is important because you do want to throw more clients into the mix that the HRS people can go after.
John Morphy: Operation productivity, we lost some productivity on our sales force. As the economy gets better, we're hoping we're going to get some of that back. That doesn't mean that's 1% forever, but we're looking at stabilizing the sales forces. And I'm sure we'd back to growing them more aggressively. Now, some of them are more aggressive, the insurance area. One of the problems in HR is a few years ago, we grew it faster than we probably should have then we've let that stabilized. We'll get the payroll thing stabilized when we get back growing that aggressively. And I guarantee that will happen because we got a founder that asks us that same question every year.
John Morphy: Yes, but generally you calculate in our return equity and we've met 235%. But in this business, I'm not sure that's a -- and it's nice, it's beautiful, but I've realized this business turns cash off better than many any other business in the world. And we're very profitable so I don't see any reason our profit lows are going to change near investment levels. But I don't know that that's always the best way to look at our business.
John Morphy: You're not going to get a specific answer to that question, but I won't leave you with nothing. Basically, we were the leader in the industry. We have -- we still believe we're the leader in the industry, but the gap isn't as big. We lost some, but for competitive reasons, we're not going to answer that question because we got this big guy that competes with us that would probably like to know how we're doing. But we know when we swap people sometimes, we know where our productivity as compared to theirs, we've got to get ours back up. Some of it probably can never be achieved again because at one time, we were just, I'd go along with spectacular. But we know that we go and by Advantage and InterPay and other things, when we look at what their sales forces is selling compared to ours, and ours is always considerably higher. Now in some instances, they're going to be twice as much. I don't know if it's still twice as much, so it's still there. We're down some. Some of it's recession, some of it's we got to get better execution, but the key is we keep working on it and we keep hoping it's going to improve. And we're as committed as possible, getting the sales engine, doing what we need it to do.
John Morphy: And with that, I think, we're out of questions. I'll probably give it back to Marty and he's going to give a couple of comments.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think what we've seen -- I don't think we give out a lot of detail, but I think what we've seen is that there has been positive increase in units, particularly in the small business market, which is where we've seen the most impact from not having new business starts. So for the last 3 quarters, we've seen some positive. I mean it's been slight. I wouldn't say it's been significant, but we certainly have seen an improvement for the last 3 quarters of this, of the units in the small business environment over last year in total sales. The new business formations, sales from new brand-new businesses, is still pretty much flat to last year, so we're still waiting for that. But what that's telling you then is obviously sales from taking share, other sources are coming in, the new business starts are still pretty flat.
Martin Mucci: It's pretty flat year-over-year. So what we take from them and what they take from us has been pretty flat when you look at last year to this year. It has not seen any significant change at all.
Martin Mucci: Yes, basically, having seen negative 3%, negative 3% then negative 1%, as John said, we're certainly pushing to get back to that 3% or 4% client growth. But it's going to take a little bit and a little help from the economy, but we certainly see it trending in the right place.
Martin Mucci: Well, it's been pretty consistent. I mean about 50% of the new sales come from new business formations, so brand new businesses. And of course, the rest is either doing it manually or from a competitor. And we break it kind of local competitor versus obviously, the main national competitor. It hasn't changed all that much so where we picked up some is obviously, in particular, from the local competitors, I think as our products -- as we moved on to the new platform a few years ago, the new products as well as the online interface got even stronger, and I think we've done better against them. I think with ADP, we've done about the same from last year, the year before, and it's the new business starts that are still a bit slow. Even that is flat as opposed to down, so we're positive on that. We just need to see more of the economy improvement.
Martin Mucci: I think there's probably 2. One is again, I think the sales force is doing a very good job in identifying the value of the national competitors, strength of the national competitor. There's been a lot of issues with small -- many of the small competitors that are not public companies, a number of them got out of business, et cetera, of the payroll companies and some take the funds and so forth. And I think that's always out there. I think sales has done a good job to sell the strength of what our company does and the value we bring. I think also the new platform, again, that we went to a few years ago, now, we converted all the clients. We're selling onto that platform. It's more robust. It's got a great online interface and I think that probably has helped sell it as well.
Martin Mucci: I think, Kartik, it's been very consistent over the last few quarters that the existing client base is certainly looking stronger. The checks per client, the revenue per check, the client retention, all of that is looking very positive for the current client base. And that's been very consistent now for a number of quarters. And the new formation is still, as we talked about, is still what we're not sure of. I mean I would say that it still looks like housing in general, it has some impact certainly on us because it's the landscapers and the restaurants and all of those that support housing. But I have to say that in certain pockets of the country, we're starting to see the sales pick up and even a little bit on new business, not a lot. So I would say current client base looks pretty strong and consistent. And new business formations, going by what we see, is that, that's still relatively flat, but obviously hoping that, that will start to turn pretty soon.
Martin Mucci: Okay, Tim, it's a little bit -- I'll give it a shot then have John talk. But I -- the investment -- the thing we're very proud of is over the last few years as we move the core payroll client base over to the new platform, we continued to invest. And so that platform, what we call Paychex next generation, we continue to invest in pretty aggressively for not only that small business space, but also for our mid-market space. And we see that continuing. And we're very proud of that. And we have releases about every 6 months, so it's not something that there's a big bang impact either. So we're starting to see additional feature functionality roll out. The other piece of that, I guess, was there is some additional expense from sales as we revamped the compensation and found different ways to pay, not only clarify the commission payments but also pay a little bit more upfront to get, we think, even a more qualified candidate and also retain them. And with the help of the sales vice presidents, I think we've come up with a very good plan. It did increase expense a little bit on the sales side, but not too bad. And then as we put the 401(k) match, some of the 401(k) match back in and that increased it. But overall, as John said, I think we drive a lot of productivity to fund those increases and maintain a very high margin.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Well, that stays pretty consistent. It's around 60 -- about 2/3 come from out of business or can't pay or no employees. So pretty much regions that the business can't -- doesn't have a payroll anymore for one reason or another. And then you kind of take the other 1/3, only about 5 or less is for dissatisfaction or some sort of service issue. And that's always been in the 4% to 5% range. And then the rest pretty much is price or competition of some sort. It's been very consistent. Obviously, the out of business -- while the whole thing has dropped, the out of business has improved the most. But everything has stayed fairly consistent.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think both. I think we'll continue to look for more SaaS offerings that will fit our base. But I think that these are certainly 2 of the key ones for us to continue to market. The ePlan one, in particular, was more to attack that financial advisor market at 401(k), because we see the 401(k) market moving that way. SurePayroll was to really take advantage of what we thought was a very much a growing market of both doing it manually. We already have probably 20% of our clients including SurePayroll, I guess I'd say. If you included that in our client count, about 20% are on some sort of SaaS now. More than half of the major market's are on the SaaS model and we have our own online product that has a number of clients on it as well. So we see both organically, kind of within the company, growing more SaaS. And then acquisitions would certainly go that way as well that look attractive to us.
Martin Mucci: Yes, that's increased as a percentage. We have -- the positive thing is we've seen uptick in ADP -- or I'm sorry, in CPA referrals from CPAs and those from banks as well. So we're seeing an increase in the referrals from banks and CPAs, where the current client is fairly flat right now. But Google leads the other piece of it, coming from off Google has definitely picked up. And we've invested more as a result of that, because it's a much more growing referral source.
Martin Mucci: Yes. The high end of single digits, I'd say, is certainly what we're targeting for in long-term revenue growth. And I think that the drivers are pretty much the same as they've been for us. You got to have the right product set. I'm very happy with what we've done on product investment. Even in tough times, the last few years, we've continued the investment very well. We're executing well on that. So not only are we changing a lot of the applications and rolling them out, releases every 6 months, but we're also creating things like our Smart Time clocks, the HR Essentials product to fit a niche there. Doing acquisitions is another part of it. We're very focused on that long-term growth. The officer team very much knows that we're kind of looking out 5 years and saying, this is where we want to be in 5 years and we need to drive this growth. And it has to be with net client growth. As we've seen in the past, we have to get that client growth back up and we have to have the right products and then drive more of the products into that current client base. We still have a nice opportunity, when you think about it, with even 57,000 401(k) clients to add even more 401(k) out there. And certainly, the HR outsourcing of both the ASO, the PEO and now the HR Essentials, fit very well in our client space and we see a lot of interest in that market increasing in that. So I think we've got a good product set. We're continuing to invest pretty heavily in that product set to be ready for the future and be extremely competitive. We're investing in new acquisitions that will fit our product set, and we're still looking at more of those. And we're also just -- how do we increase the very successful sales team that we've had in the past? How do we continue to market that to where they are driving even a higher closing rate? I mean, we've done pretty well in our closing rate even in tough times and we're always looking to drive that up. That's the new comp plan, the new training, making sure all the positions are filled, et cetera.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I'll take that one, Julio. It's Marty. We're working -- we've actually got all the plans in place with SurePayroll already on how to move the back end into us, as John said, the tax filing, the tax calculation. And we're also have now built them into our technology, a planning road map. So not only are we just trying to integrate them into what we have, but take them to the next level as we move to the next level of our service platform. So that's the biggest integration that we have. And frankly, we feel that we've got that worked into the product plans and we'll have that done very much on schedule over the next 18 to 24 months. So other than that, there's not a lot to integrate. The MMS, as John mentioned earlier, the major market product really will be an expansion of our current application that we rolled out 2 years ago. So that will grow into the major market products. So we'll have not only the preview-based major market product we have now, but also grow the technology that we have in place to expand into one application for all markets.
Martin Mucci: Yes, definitely. They come mostly through the web for SurePayroll. They're sold through a telephonic sales approach that they've been very successful at. Because basically, they set the client up as they're selling. They go in and help the client set up, it's all telephonic. But we have already -- are trialing an integration with our core sales force right now and started that where referrals from our core sales force will sell our product, but also be able to refer to SurePayroll product if there's a fit for that client. And they'll move those referrals right to SurePayroll in an automated sense and let SurePayroll telephonic sales close that. So we won't increase the cost a lot to the SurePayroll sale because they're a lower-revenue product, but we will gain the impact of the strong feet-on-the-street sales force that we have that's been very successful here at Paychex.
Martin Mucci: Sure, Jim. It's -- actually, the part coming from -- the sales coming from new business starts has not changed all that much. It's always been pretty much 50%. I think what's changed is, as John mentioned, those that came in from current clients. They are coming in from -- probably current clients, but they're coming in through the web. They may -- the current client may refer to us or say, "Geez, I use Paychex, and they have great value and they've done a great job for me." And what you'll find now is new businesses hearing that, go right to the web, research us and then get the lead to us that way, which we quickly react to. So I think that what we're seeing from CPA referrals are pretty much the same, new business about the same. And then the current client is changing a little bit to where it's more web-based referral.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we don't see a big change from those who want to outsource versus those who don't. And other than the -- and that's why we went after SurePayroll because they have such a great model for those that are manual today that will go to a web-based. And that's why we think there'll be more growth there.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Sales force retention was a little bit worse than normal than the average for us in the last fiscal year. It went up a bit. And we think that some of the changes -- just having an awful lot of change sometimes stirs that up. That, that was voluntary versus involuntary was roughly the same as it's been historically. But so we had a few more people leaving. I think one thing, the economy got a little bit better in some respects so there were more jobs, and as there were changes here that we were working on like the new comp plans for the last 4 or 5 months, I think people decided whether to make a change or not. We had some changes in leadership in the field at senior manager level, and I think that gets some people to change and do something different. I do feel that all the steps we've taken of the new management team, that is all in place now from a manager, front-line manager, second-level manager, all in place, very strong folks. In fact, we had them all together in Phoenix last week. And I think they're a very highly energized group who are very experienced and will do a great job. I think that's the biggest part of it. I think now that the comp plans we rolled out about a month ago started at this month for our fiscal year, and we got very positive feedback on the comp plans not only from hiring new, but from retaining the existing folks that are here. So I think a lot of good things are in place. It definitely was up a little bit, but I expect that to start trending back down here in the next couple of months.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I've been very actively interviewing and I've got candidates. Actually had a candidate last week, have another one this week, tomorrow, very active in it. It's difficult to make sure you find the right person. That was an unfortunate circumstance that -- and I won't get much more into it than that. It's just I thought I had the right person, did not, and we dealt with it quickly and everybody -- and we moved on from there. So I expect very soon. I think the important thing to know is that the sales vice presidents are all very experienced, have been reporting to me for since I got the position, September 30, and have not let any grass grow on them. They have moved very quickly to get everything in place we needed to go. So they're very motivated, but I expect to fill it as quickly as I can. it's got to be the right fit from both an experience and a culture standpoint, and I certainly hope to fill it quickly.
Martin Mucci: No, it does not, not necessarily. I mean that always helps, I think, to know the business, but anything, particularly in the small business environment, that knows selling to small businesses and as much as possible, one that's just well-experienced and is a great leader. Most important thing to me is not only the experience, but the cultural fit with the company, which has been around 40 years. And it's very important that we have a sales leader that will energize and inspire the sales organization that we have.
Martin Mucci: That's certainly true. I think also then we made some more adjustments probably in the next 6 months after that. We've made adjustments back and forth. I think it's a little hard to tell because you got the economy at the same time, but I think we did reset our pricing and our packages. We then kind of tweaked them again about 6 months later. And I feel -- the sales force feels pretty good about where we are right now. So we've kind of tightened down the discounting policy and got the prices and the packages set right. And of course, you always continue to watch that, but I wouldn't say there was dramatic change as a result of that. But I don't think it necessarily hurt us either, once we've made some adjustments. So we're kind of still watching it. But the sales force, I believe, feels that we're pretty properly set right now.
Martin Mucci: Good question. I think it's a number of things. In one, on the territories, we -- the sales vice presidents took the lead on reviewing all the territories and being sure that people have equal opportunity and so forth. And I think they're comfortable that they've made some changes that have done that well and set up for this fiscal year. But I think the comp plans were really a couple of things. One was to raise the base of what we start new sales representatives for so it attracts a little bit different candidate. It's sometimes difficult to have a candidate come in and get attracted, at least, to then see what they can earn. So I think we've been able to do that. And that's helped in our recruiting efforts. And then the other thing is really to gear them towards revenue. It's very important. You always have this kind of revenue in unit. We certainly want the units to grow and there's some tied to that to get them to certain types of recognition. But the majority of that is driving them towards revenue and finding the best revenue and getting the most revenue from the clients and so forth. So it encourages them to sell the right package, but to get more focused on the revenue. And then there certainly is some kickers as well for unit productivity, which gets them to things like sales conference and so forth.
Martin Mucci: That was the Stromberg one. I think, yes, as John said, I think we're very selective. We always have 4 or 5 things that we're looking at, which is good because that means they're out there and available. I think the pricing sometimes is a bit high. And also we pay a lot of attention to the distraction. We've got a big business to run and there's a lot of things we're trying to do and so we're very careful about being selective in making sure that's not a distraction unless it's worth it. And I think I've been very proud of the 2 that we did this year. They've, I think, joined the company very well and we're off to a very good start very quickly. So if we can get it a reasonable price even if we have to pay a little bit more, if it fits and it's not a distraction and we can fit it very quickly and integrate it, we'll go after it.
Martin Mucci: I think to commit -- yes, I think it's very much about getting the territories right. We've -- as I said, the sales vice president that redesigned some of the territories, redesigned the comp plans, the training, it was like, let's let some of this settle. Let's make sure that we've got everything in sync. And then hopefully, start growing again as we move through the year even.
Martin Mucci: I think it's -- I would say it's fairly even. I mean we've always had a very strong sales force model and sales force team with their execution. I think to watch their closing rate pick up a little bit, it certainly didn't drop any. And then as the economy has started to come back, their closing rate has started to pick up. We have very good, very well-trained sales reps. We're very careful about who we pick. And I think as the economy starts to get a little bit better, and as the current client base starts to get a little bit stronger, they're out there right at the door, getting referrals and so forth. And I think we've done well on the web in getting them more leads, which then they're executing on. So I think it has been sales execution, but I also do think that having moved to the new product application about a year and a half to 2 years ago now, finishing that conversion, the online interface and so forth, is very good and we're getting very good feedback from the clients. And of course, the service. We're at the highest levels of client satisfaction in our history. So we're not losing a lot, and we're probably getting more clients that would refer us whether they go on the web or not.
Martin Mucci: Not really, no. I'd say we still have one national competitor and we have a number of regionals. And as we said, we are doing better on the regionals and about the same experience with the national competitor. So we really have not seen other players pick up much at all.
Martin Mucci: No. We have not felt it. I think they offer white label offerings and so forth, but we have not felt that. It's either a different market or we're not seeing it.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Well, I think we see as it has decreased and flattened out, and now we see it really improving. But it's still, by far, even when it flattened out and decreased, that we're still the best in the industry.
Martin Mucci: It would be -- right now, that roadmap sort of laid out for the next few years -- I mean next year is more about improving -- enhancing what we have and adding more to it, because that's of course where the majority of the clients are anyway. We'll always look though, through acquisitions and so forth, if there's something new. But it will be continuing to enhance both the small business and the mid-market space products.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Just to close it up, I'm very proud of the employees and our results in fiscal 2011. We've got an executive team very pumped and primed for next year, for the fiscal year. And I would just like to close with thanks for your interest and participation. And I would like to thank John. Once again, John has done a tremendous job. He's been a great partner to me for many years, all the years I've been here. And we're excited for John and we're excited to have Efrain on board too. So thank you very much for joining us today and have a great weekend.
