Martin Mucci: Well David we don’t usually give that much detail on it but I will tell you that we were strong across the Board. I would say both payroll -- all areas of payroll as well as HRS, were both very strong and probably the best sales and we had a pretty good sales we had seen over the last year. But this is probably the best sales results in a selling season we’ve seen in I would say seven or eight years.
Martin Mucci: Well I think very good execution on the sales side. I also think that the channels that we’ve been developing from our constant CPA channel has been continuing to be strong. The bank channel, we've picked up a lot from the bank channel from a referral standpoint. We’ve also added a number of franchise arrangements for where the supported or the preferable company for payroll and I think we’ve just done a good job overall also team selling. So going in is not just payroll and then coming back to sell the other ancillary services but going in right up front in selling the full value of all of the products to the client right up front. So we’ve seen good growth in payroll. We’ve seen good growth in HRS, in the Affordable Care Act products, our employers shared responsibility product has been strong and certainly HR outsourcing both PEO and ASO all have been strong. I think its execution. I think it’s a lot of work that the Head of Sales, Mark Bottini, he has been doing with that team to build a good referral and pipeline as well.
Martin Mucci: Well, I can’t really get into guidance, now I think we will have a better sense of that at the next quarter to talk about '16 but certainly bodes well for a start anyway.
Martin Mucci: Yes good question, so client growth no, pricing no, checks a little bit less than we expected. So little bit color on that. So we’ve seen moderation in checks per payroll. We’re not calling it out specifically because when it’s trending around 1% it really is not a significant contributor to revenue overall. But what we did see was that checks have just been a little lighter, were a little bit lighter in the quarter than we anticipated. Now just two more points of detail on that, what's interesting about that number is again I ruled out client and I ruled out price, because that’s not a driver here. Timing is primarily the reason, but secondarily what’s going on is that even though we saw an increase in the amount of bonus dollars that we paid in checks, that’s what we seem to be seeing in the data. We actually saw a slight decrease in the amount of bonus checks. So it looks like people were being paid a little bit more in bonuses, but the size of those bonuses resulted in lower checks. So it was a little bit lighter and that really kind of drove much of the difference in payroll service revenue. We’ve accounted for that as we look forward. I think we’re just in this environment now where with check per client or check per payroll growth is going to be moderate going forward. So that's some color on that point.
Martin Mucci: Yes we do, I think there is -- we still a see a lot available, we’re looking at more than we probably ever have in the past, everything is pretty highly valued. So we’re going to be very selective as to what we do, but we’re looking at both something that would be product tuck-ins, but also just add to the base because we think whether it’s PEO, payroll or other services, we think we’re pretty effective at what we're -- how we're executing and it’s a good time to acquire. May not find something, but we are pretty deep into number of things we’re looking at the time, and size would be -- we would be very selective, but we certainly have the cash to do it if that makes sense.
Martin Mucci: When we issue guidance, we expect to be somewhere around the middle for the year. I think that’s where we’re at right now.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I don’t think so. We didn’t literally see because actually we felt very good about the quarter from a selling perspective. I would say the competitive environment was about the same, didn’t see any extra pricing pressure. There is always competitive pricing pressure out there, but we didn’t see anything pick up necessarily there was no big competitor plans or things that they were doing that we saw that made any big difference there. So I would say pricing is generally holding like we thought it was last quarter and competitive environment about the same.
Martin Mucci: Yes, so I would say that claims experience thus far has been about what we expected. We’re pretty conservative in terms of our approach and takes kind of belt and suspenders view from an actuarial perspective. We have two actuaries look at it and have pretty extensive conversations about how we set prices. I think one thing that I just like to reiterate from our perspective the PEO is not a insurance play. It’s an HR outsourcing play. So we understand the payrolls of selling cheap insurance in the PEO and it’s not a direction we want to go in. So I think claims have trended about where we expected them to be. I didn’t get -- I forgot the second half of your question, Smitti.
Martin Mucci: Yes, at this point, we’re still getting through kind of a full year of this one. We feel very good about it. As Efrain said, I think we’ve done very well on the claims and so forth, but it’s a year into it and we don’t have immediate plans to expand it outside of the area but that is where a big amount of our sales are. So I think we'll give it a more experience before we look to expand it.
Martin Mucci: It’s primarily new clients that we’re signing up. When we initially did it, we obviously moved existing clients on to the plan, now what we're doing is we're selling new clients. I would say PEO client base is growing nicely double-digit. So I would -- one thing I hope we’re not leaving the impression that it's the minimum premium plan driving PEO growth, it really is that there is a lot of interest in the market now for bundled HR outsourcing solutions plus that would also include healthcare and that’s driving the market.
Martin Mucci: Well, I would say it's certainly gone from single-digit fairly flat actually to single-digit to now double-digit in par annualized revenue and so this is as I said, I think this is probably the best selling season we've seen in seven or eight years. So I think every good execution. I think it's much stronger than last year, which was pretty good and as I said its very much across the Broad. So it's not just PEO in the HRS services. It's a good team selling. We're seeing good payroll and HR outsourcing 401(k) really across the Board. I think this is very good execution and I do think obviously the market is coming back a little bit from a small business in mid size business environment. So I would say how I characterize them is best in seven or eight years from an increased standpoint from a total par standpoint.
Martin Mucci: Well it's still a combination. We want the units and the revenue both and that’s the way our comp plans and our incentives are set. So we're still looking for both and we're still trying to -- we certainly expect to be in that range from client growth perspective.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I would still -- no I would stay in that range from client growth perspective. I think this is an ability to sell higher revenue per client. As much as product it is selling more complete bundles to clients and more complete and more ancillary services as well. So I think client growth would still be in that same range. I wouldn’t necessarily bring that up, but I think we are selling more revenue per client because of the better execution the team selling etcetera.
Martin Mucci: No I think we would still be in that same range. I think we got more sophisticated as to kind of where we put the price increase based on clients, products and the competitive nature of those products with the portfolio of different products we have, but I still think you would expect us to be in that -- you should expect us to be in that 2% to 4% range.
Martin Mucci: I think the next quarter is when it will pretty much anniversary Gary. So we will see a little bit a drag into next quarter and then starting the following quarter it should be a more fair compare, but the point you are making is a fair one to the extent that more PEO clients attach healthcare. It does have a slight drag on margins, simply because we don’t get much a margin flow through. But, after fourth quarter it shouldn’t be significant.
Martin Mucci: Yes. So Gary. That’s a good question. The answer is if you look at most of HRS with the exception of PEO, if I take all of those products, they're all growing pretty strongly and they all have margins that are comparable to payroll. One exception to that is insurance, but it's still too small to exert an overall drag on margin. So the answer is we shouldn’t see significant delusion there. There may be a moderate impact if PEO really, really starts to grow much faster than everything else. It's been growing nicely but it's part of the mix and its reflected in our results. So unless that really took off, it shouldn’t have a significant impact on overall margins.
Martin Mucci: So we -- I guess my normal answer to that is that when its above a $1 billion, we have to think about what we do with it and it's a function of where we are with respect to opportunities within the M&A portfolio. So to the extent we don’t see those materializing in a shorter term timeframe than we have to have that conversation with the Board and they're ultimately going to decide what make sense but we will be having those conversations.
Martin Mucci: I think both of them are pretty strong. But I think it's a little stronger in the HR side. I think that’s obviously where we have more opportunity to sell the ancillary, the wide breath of ancillary products that we have. So a little bit stronger on the HR side particularly as Efrain said between PEO, ASO, 401(k) our online service, time and attendance kind of everything, but payroll is in there. So I think it's certainly been a little stronger on the HR side, but both of them are good.
Martin Mucci: That's a good question. You really don’t see as much of it next year. We really obviously got a -- two things. We obviously got an uplift this year. We've been careful to call it out because we don’t want people to misunderstand what’s going on in the underlying numbers and most people understand it. We were within $3 million of what the street had on revenue. So everyone understands kind of what’s going on. You get a modest tick up, but after this year you would -- the impact is not significant.
Martin Mucci: I think it was pretty close to our expectations. We set pretty high goals for the sales team and what we expected in particularly in selling season. I would say it was pretty much at our expectations because we set pretty high ones.
Martin Mucci: Yes I always say the name competitors because it just gives them creditability. I think ADP is the one we run into the most. There is a couple of other that have recently gone through IPOs as you run into but we're winning some of those clients back actually right now over service issues and so forth. So I think from a product standpoint we stand up very competitively and all SaaS, the ability of the SaaS products in the bundling of these integration is so critical to us and we're continuing you will see over the next six months to really even more fully integrate a lot kind of I think they're best-in-class products. So we have myStaffingPro for example which is sold and integrated but it will see even better integration this year as well as stratus time, which is I think the leading time in attendance SaaS offering that we purchased last June and now you will see it not only as it integrated now, but it will grow much of a full integration. So we compete very we'll. It's still primarily with ADP and then there is some of the pays that we call in that you'll see, but again we're starting to win those back. They're pretty small losses for them at this stage.
Martin Mucci: You start to see that probably a couple of quarters out. That’s when -- so you know the first quarter is not much depending on where it occurred. You start to get the client set up. There is a little bit of time and then probably after the second quarter that’s when you're starting to see the impact.
Martin Mucci: I would say as Efrain mentioned earlier most of the products are at a pretty strong margin level across the Board. I think insurance Efrain mentioned was pretty strong margin, but that’s still a small part of the business although the health insurance in particular Workers Comp has always been pretty strong. The health insurance is really starting to pick up now and that's in addition to the Affordable Care Act products that we have. I think ours is a business we work very hard to make sure we have the strongest margins possible obviously with our high margins in the industry now and we keep trying to drive those. But I think when you look at the newer products that we either purchased or built set us time from a time and attendance, SaaS product, myStaffingPro from a recruitment and applicant tracking product, BeneTrac, the benefit enrollment all of those have -- will have pretty good margins particularly as we build scale and more fully integrate them into the bundles. So all those products are doing well and they’re getting out of the gate and this is even before we more fully integrate them into the Paychex flex our SaaS kind of the SaaS based for the whole thing.
Martin Mucci: The answer your question SK we have that discussion probably I would say once a quarter. The challenge we see there, so we’re looking at ways to partner, we do partner with Biz2credit on small business loans and referral arrangement. We’re just very cautious about tiptoeing into an area that could be highly regulated. So that's why we've been cautious about doing it. It’s an area of interest if we could participate a little bit more fully we would look at it but that's the inhibitor.
Martin Mucci: Yes I think primarily the PEO has typically been in States where they're just more comfortable and more used to PEOs, but I think what's expanded a little bit from a PEO side David is because of the Affordable Care Act they’re looking more to kind of feel more comfortable, kind of within a co- employer relationship. So there is a little bit more acceptance I think to the PEO in that just the typical states of Florida, Texas et cetera type of states. So we do see that growing and I think that has been frankly a lot of the Affordable Care Act has pushed more people into seeing the opportunity and just feeling more comfortable being part of shared kind of employment service. And those who don’t need to go there probably have the ASO and both I think the ASO is still coming primarily at it from an HR outsourcing type of business. We’ve seen that drop down so where clients didn’t think about HR outsourcing at 30 employees or 20 employees now do because of the complexity of the regulations of the hiring and firing and other compliance issues. So both are growing, I think PEO still tends to grow a little bit more from thinking -- starting to think about the insurance but then realizing that the HR support is there and that’s why they buy totally. Because that's really how we sell it is the value of HR support, but the ASO continues to be HR and I just think it’s still complex now, the Affordable Care Act there is number of immigration reform issues that are out there for hiring and so forth. All of these things add more people to say hey I want to be, I want to outsource my HR to somebody who is going to stay current and of course we have been a leader in this business that we have more client employees than anybody else in the business by far that we service and in over 400 individuals around the country who has serviced the clients face to face. And I think that has made for great growth.
Martin Mucci: Good question, so the answer is yes, we do, although for example we reported I believe last year 580,000 clients. We think we had in excess of 20,000 clients that don’t take payroll but take other ancillary products. And I think David it points to the fact that the company that we were prior to the recession in very different from the company that we emerged out of the recession. We are much more of an integrated full service provider to small and medium sized businesses. And you are starting to see that in the client base and we will update some of that information when we get to the end of the year.
Martin Mucci: Just -- which will make that even a stronger product right from applicant tracking right through to retirement as they say, but particularly on the frontend of the applicant tracking and the benefit enrollment.
Martin Mucci: Yes Mark I think it is really been typically between about 45, then low 50s, 52, 53, it is hard to envision that that changes that much. I mean part of what distinguishes us from a lot of companies is that we are remaining that new base to get our customers. So we get the 3% payroll they have eventually became an 8%, 10%, 20% payroll. Because we mind that, so that is part of the way we sell how we do that, how we go to market over time may change, but that's really core to how we're approaching the market.
Martin Mucci: So that is a very wonderfully elliptical euphemistic way of saying, we typically have a pretty tough target. Management doesn’t get paid. We don’t start to having conversations until we are getting close to double-digits. So we will expect that we will have a double-digit target and we will expect it if we don’t need it, we will suffer the consequences. So that is kind of where we are at from management’s comp perspective obviously sales don't set of comp.
Martin Mucci: I think wages, we've generally seen around 2%. So I wouldn’t say it's anything overly strong, I think we saw Efrain I think mentioned earlier from a bonus perspective, which we watch, bonuses were higher. It weren’t -- didn't seem to be as many necessarily or bunch of an increases we thought, but they were higher, but general wage has been only has been pretty consistent at around 2% increase.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, I think we're showing obviously good productivity in this third quarter and the selling season from a standpoint of revenue per reps. So we’re seeing pretty productivity there kind as we projected or set our goals I guess I’d say. And so that always drives when you tie it back to expense in the third quarter because we have a lot of sales in the third quarter when January starts for payroll in particular that drives the sales expense up. But I would say sales expense kind of per sale is generally consistent with where we thought it would be and we’re continuing to get productivity out of the sales team I think they’re executing very well as you look over last few years in particular.
Martin Mucci: I would say in the PEO side, I think it's probably 60, 40 I seeing that number lately, but I would say more new, just when you think about it trends tended to be with our overall business. So we're 50% new businesses. I think if that’s what you are asking from a payroll standpoint. I think the PEO is similar to that may be a little bit more on the new side but I think it's right in the range of 50-50.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, I think when you look out, it will be fully integrated software as a service offering meaning single database UI, very client friendly, mobility will be tied into it very directly. One of the things we didn’t really comment on today just quickly in the comments is mobility, our mobile app has been continually -- we’ve added to the mobile app and it has seen, pretty dramatic usage being picked up even more from client employees than clients and so we’re seeing a nice kind roll up of client employees, which we think will add to retention by the way, which will because the client employees now will be interfacing with our products and will get -- we’ve very positive feedback on the mobility. When you look out, it's going to be that single source for our client to come to us for everything from higher to retire as they do now and I think it will just be a very full product set. I think the M&A piece of it is some product tuck-ins were needed, but to be straightforward we’ve got pretty much the products that we need. Now it’s finishing the full integration of a single database within this year and then it will be adding, I think where we can execute and add more ability and make the company more efficient. So PEO’s payroll companies probably 401-K is always out there in any off shoot of anything from recruiting etcetera those kind of businesses. So it’s a pretty wide scope that we look at from an M&A perspective, but our job will be to drive upper single digit revenue growth on the topline and still be one of the most profitable companies in the business.
Martin Mucci: I’ve been in Germany now for nine or ten years. We doubled our size last year within acquisition and continued sales growth. So we’ve got a nice base there. Brazil we started last year and were kind of chugging along. It didn’t help the kind of Brazil, economy kind of slowed down at a time that we were starting up there, but were kind of learning there and were breaking into the business of winning over the CPA so that they will refer more of their payroll business out to us. We're still very interested in it. We were going to focus on two or three countries kind of the third country we haven’t quite found a good entry way in yet. We’ve looked at number of them. We -- it will always I think at this point it tends to be small, it's kind of tend to be small part of where we are as we approach $3 billion in revenue, but it's still of interest to it and we continue to look at acquisition opportunities and ways to increase sales and profit there.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, sure. We don’t really well in SaaS most of our products now are or most of our clients are on SaaS. So, well over 80% of them. From a growth standpoint, we don’t breakout share payroll anymore, but they’re doing fine. Really they've had good client growth year-over-year and I think they’re competing very effectively with particularly the micro businesses for payroll. All of that is done through web marketing and in sales on the phone. Once people call in, I think they've been very effective at that in growing their client base and we continue to be pleased with that and continue to always watch who we are competing against. Not a lot of new competitors there. There some startups got up some quite a bit of press for a while but then it's kind of dropped out a little bit because they're not as a full product and ensure and so I think primarily it's into it that we run into as a competitor there and folks just wanting to stay manual do at a payroll manual.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, hey Ashwin so two things. In a quarter when we have particularly strong sales execution and our expenses tend to ramp up, so we had probably a little bit higher expense growth in the quarter and then in the back half of the year based on the performance we're seeing. Hopefully obviously that leads to little bit better build revenue going forward. But I don’t think its unless we set our plans too low and they constantly beat them that’s not the way we tend to do. We tend to set them pretty high and the sales force has a done a great job of rising to the challenge. With respect to expense, where we -- I think there is really going to be no change in terms of the approach we take. We’re going to leverage operating expenses as much as we can. We're going to continued to invest in IT, probably at a little bit more of a moderate rate than you’ve seen in past years or then has been embedded in the SG&A number, which is where it appears. And then we’re going to continued to make selective investments in sales, where we think there is opportunities to grow the business. So I think that that will not change dramatically. Quarter-over-quarter you might have some changes as results are higher than where we expected.
Martin Mucci: As you know, our double-digit increases in IT investment for many years and I think what we’re saying, it tends to flatten and we’ve reached at a very good point of the amount of productivity, we’re getting and the development needs and that's still a very -- it’s become a very large part of our investment as you would expect with a SaaS based company that’s very much technology driven service.
Martin Mucci: So the biggest now certainly is as I say is HR outsourcing both ASO, PEO and what we call our HR essentials product which is more a telephonic support HR light, HR outsourcing light. The second is our retirement services business and then third insurance nothings change there. Those are all businesses that are growing nicely and performing well within the portfolio.
Martin Mucci: Alright, thank you. At this we will close the call. If you’re interested in replaying the webcast of this conference call, it will be archived until approximately April 25. We thank you for your interest in Paychex and for your participation on the call. Have a good day.
Efrain Rivera: I thought it was you David, David I think it’s implicit in what I said that we expect to be somewhere in the middle of the range if you heard my comments earlier, I said that that fourth quarter was comparable to the first half of the year and a kind of I will leave it at that.
Efrain Rivera: Yes on the short term, it’s going to be about $4 million somewhere in the range to little bit less, little bit more. And that just assume the short term prices. What that does to a long-term rage is a good question. I don’t have a crystal ball on that and timing at this point, our best estimate is Q2, but again our crystal ball has been exceedingly fuzzy.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I think you should see it tick up modestly. Yes, I think that’s where we are at. We've kind of -- we've weathered the storm and the storm appears to have passed. Hopefully we're not in the eye of something, but its seems to be that the worst certainly has passed and from the perspective of the portfolio and how we will manage it interest rates now just represent upside as I like to say the embedded optionality of the stock.
Efrain Rivera: My initial answer to that is that I would expect a continuation of trends, having said that we are going through the planning process and having our usual discussion with sales about what we think is attainable. I think we are -- its fair to say we're in a favorable environment. How we set that for next year’s plan still remains to be decided.
Efrain Rivera: And I would say on this that Marty mentioned it was double digit, it was in the third quarter it was in double digit in payroll. So to Marty’s point we were pretty strong across the Board.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I wish the share count didn’t drift up, but we will -- I would say we will repurchase opportunistically. I think that's where we're at right now before I think Gary’s question earlier on would we do something more? We'll have to take a look at where we are with M&A and address whether we think something larger is warranted.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I think Jeff, so we're first of all eagle eyes there. I did not call it out except that in my comment what you saw were some discussion about higher cost in the quarter and the higher costs were driven primarily by sales related expense. And so we're just simply calling out that we think given strong sales performance now we're moderating a little bit the margin given the strong sales performance in the back half of the year that's what's driving that modest change.
Efrain Rivera: Yes so it’s not going to impact the quarter and I think the timing shifts that I discussed in Q2 these happen from time to time. I’m sorry that I mentioned in Q3 that doesn’t occur in Q4 and then we're back at a more normalized rate like what you saw in the first half of the year.
Efrain Rivera: And to build on that David I think that when you look at how we are going to market and how we sell that product. ASO tends to be as Marty mentioned tends to be a little bit lower typically work site employees and within the base, PEO tends to be a little bit bigger and a combination of inside the base and outside the base. So our PEO sales are not just existing Paychex’s clients but also outside the base.
Efrain Rivera: I think they're generally comparable, yes they are pretty close on both side just a preference for what probably the clients thinks. I think the other thing that we probably didn’t mention is selling this more upfront, we have found that typically our model was sell them payroll and come back and say do you need HR services in three months or six months. And we are selling much more upfront, if we think the client is of a 20 plus in a complexity, we were going in team sell and I think we are winning more clients were in upfront and ASO or PEO basis.
Efrain Rivera: I would say on the average, it is on the average, don’t necessarily the smallest clients, although new business formation has picked up some obviously and kind of getting back to where we were pre-recession levels. And I think in our sales to new businesses are back up over last year this year and so I think there is some small but I think primarily it’s net average based if not slightly higher I would say meaning one or two employees or something like that. So I think we’re right in the average and in the mid market I think it is about the same, I think we focused very heavily on the 50 to 500 in that mid market space and I think that has been a sweet spot for us. We certainly have clients that are above that. But we are really focusing the team on that 50 to 500, it is a very hard space right now for multiple products, those are the clients that need multiple products that are integrated in SaaS space and we fit really well there.
Efrain Rivera: Well I think what I mentioned earlier is over the next six months you will see even stronger integration. So all on the kind of the same user interface and so forth. So they're integrated today from a different levels, but over the next six months Stratustime that we acquired last year myStaffingPro and BeneTrac will see even enhanced integration…
Efrain Rivera: Building on what Marty said, the way we segment markets mark is under 50 and 50 to 500. We look at it from a unit basis the growth is pretty comparable.
Efrain Rivera: I would say from low double-digits is a percent to mid almost, okay double-digit kind of. If you think double hundred, so we used to sell probably standalone payroll, this is the change in the wholesale theme probably 10% to 20% of bundled services right up front, 10% to 20% of the time now we are selling a complete bundle probably 40% to 50% of the time. It is pretty dramatic.
Efrain Rivera: That's the way we bundled the products as well and the way that sales has looked to increase the revenue per client and really to sell the client everything they need right upfront is part of a bundle.
Efrain Rivera: Yeah, I think you're picking up John on the 3% client fund balances and so that incorporates not only wages, but anything else that we're paying. So it looks like it's ticking up moderately.
Efrain Rivera: And the other thing I would add is, you surf the web, there is a bunch of these different ratings services, but they just won a recent award in terms of user access and appearance and so they're very, very formidable competitor in platform in that micro enterprise space.
