Efrain Rivera: Yes, Jason, I think to call it precisely, it’s a little bit tough, because we need to get through selling. But I think at this point, we’d anticipate we’re towards the lower-end of that range.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So let me talk about that. So, yes, it is 2% to 4%. This year, it’s probably closer to the lower-end. We’ve been trending somewhere between the low and the mid part of that range. So we still are getting price. We still are getting volume. So our client base is up over last year. And we’ve said, we would be between 1% to 3%, last year we were 2%, we’re in that range. So what accounts for the difference, it is accounted for by the fact that our client – average client size is a little bit smaller, so to put this in context. If you go back 10 years, go back to 2007, our average client size is 17. But some years, it’s 17.1. Last year we ended at 16.73. And at this point, we are trending slightly down from that number. And so that the effect of that mix is basically taking payroll service revenues down. This happens from time to time. It happens more when two things are present. The first is that, we start to see a flattening in checks for payroll, which is what we’ve been seeing over the last three to four quarters. Actually this quarter, our checks for payroll went negative. So what that means is that and by the way that’s on a same-store basis, I want to clarify that. What that means is that, particularly, our clients in the under 50 space simply aren’t adding a lot of employees at this stage. Will that continue? We’ll see. It’s been bouncing around quarter-to-quarter, and if you look at our index that we publish each month, you’ll see that reflected in the numbers. But that’s part A. And then part B is that, as we sell clients that are a little bit lower than those that we lose, we have this drag effect. In most years that basically is offset by some client checks for payroll growth. This is a year where we’re not seeing that. So we’re monitoring that and saw some of it in Q1 and we’ll see if it continues into Q2 It can bounce around, I would just caution not to assume that that’s exactly what you’re going to see through the balance of the year. But we’re assuming at this point some drag in checks for payroll as we go through the year.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So the short answer is no. The share repurchase itself was really simply an attempt to get back down to average share count. And if you look at it, we actually were still a little bit high compared to where we were last year. So we’ll do a little bit of – on an year-to-date basis, we’ll do a little bit more buying just to get back to flat. Now actually, Marty can talk a little bit more about the M&A pipeline, but it’s pretty robust.
Efrain Rivera: Okay, wow, that’s a compound question. So, I’d say, let me just say broadly and then I’ll come back to ACA and other regulatory changes, Marty obviously will have some thoughts on that. But our guidance contemplates all of those issues. Obviously, we just answered a question on payroll services, revenue growth, HRS has remained unchanged. So from that standpoint, we feel comfortable with where we are for the remainder of the year and for the full-year. We don’t focus necessarily on quarters unless there’s some – something unusual in the quarter that we want to call out like Q3, which has one less day. I feel comfortable about where we are in terms of margins and expenses. So that outlook that we’re providing basically encompasses what we understand the environment to be, don’t anticipate it will change significantly. Now, with respect to ACA and with respect to other changes in regulation, it’s a little bit early to call those. The overtime rules change, at this point don’t see a lot of impact on the balance of the year. It could impact next year and then on what exactly happens with ACA, that’s a question to be answered at this point. What I would say is, if we were to see some sort of a significant movement to repeal starting sometime in late Spring, our anticipation of is that were to rollout over a, let’s say, call it a two to three-year period is that we would see about an impact of 1% on EPS per year. If it was more accelerated, it might be more, but we’re still waiting, that that by the way is more of a worse case scenario, 1% to 1.5% EPS. We think we have other options to replace that revenue. But at this point, we would frame sort of the risk if the ACA got repealed in an orderly fashion. If it got replaced and repealed immediately, that would be a different conversation, we’ll have to wait and see where we end up.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So what we’ve said about the HR outsourcing business is that, it’s about half of HRS revenue and within that half about half is PEO and half is ASO. So that’s what we said and we update that year. our PEO has been growing more quickly than ASO, but both have been growing double-digits. I guess, that’s what we’d say. The only other thing I would add to that is that, because of the PEO, we report healthcare attachment as part of the revenues of the PEO when we get better healthcare attachment in the quarter than you have better PEO growth that really doesn’t have much of an impact on margins. In this quarter, we did not have as significant healthcare attachments we had in the quarter before, but that bounces around every single quarter. So in Q3, we’ll see where we end up.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I think in the second quarter, we had a very, very strong quarter a year ago and compares were tougher. We expect that – we’re expecting a good quarter in the third quarter. And I think, Marty pointed out something that’s important. Last year, there was a drive by many mid-market companies to find integrated solutions that included an ACA compliance solution. A lot of those clients have now selected their solution and the game now is a bit more of competitive takeaway as opposed to selling them on a new solution. There obviously was some of that going on. So we go into third quarter then assuming that we’ll pick up from where we were in Q2.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I think it’s exactly, I think it’s optimism, pending action. So I think it’s a lot of optimism on lower corporate tax rates could drive a lot of less expense and more to what they could invest and more employees and so forth. Affordable Care Act looks like those costs could come down for a lot of companies and not forcing them to have the product, but we’ll see. Time and attendance rules, although, it’s a little bit separate, but less regulation, I think overall it’s a very optimistic attitude from the clients, but not necessarily turning that into action yet, because they got to see it. So they’re feeling good about the fact that it looks like there’s going to be a better business environment, consumer confidence is also up and FIB was one of the biggest increases we’ve seen in over the 42-year average for one of the three times, I think, in the last to almost 10 years. So there’s a lot of optimism. But I don’t think, again, they’re turning that into action hiring and so forth, at least, yet until they see kind of what the first few months of the new administration brings. That’s what we’re kind of getting great optimism, but the small business index, at least, for November our last one would show still not a big uptick in hiring kind of at the same growth rate it was last year for, at least, small business. So very positive, but kind of waiting to see what happens.
Efrain Rivera: Okay. Hey, good question. So, yes, you’re right. It’s – short-term is about 45%, can be sometimes 50, but we keep it between 45 and 50. So that reprices immediately or very quickly, I shouldn’t say – should say. Let me just be careful, that’s an overstatement. It doesn’t reprice immediately. It typically reprices somewhere between 45 to 60 days. So the answer to the first question portfolio composition is yes. That’s correct. And then the second is yes, also. Yes, the bonds that we would invest in going forward currently have yields that are significantly higher than the ones that are rolling off. So if I were to call it today and I’m not doing that, but if I were to call it today, and I assume no more Fed increases other than what we have gotten to this point, the portfolio would be about $8 million higher in value than it is today. I just caution anyone from taking that to the bank, because we’ll have much more granular information once we get through the next couple of quarters and see what the Fed actually does. And the reason why I say that is, we look at and we could give you a big forecast based on yield curves. I distrust that approach. I’d rather tell you what we think our portfolios will do based on what I know at the time I’m saying it, but you can do some math. And the numbers start to get pretty significant, if the Fed does what it says it’s going to do and the final qualification, I’d add to that is the steepness of the yield curve also impacts how we invest. So right now, they do nothing. I’d call it at about $8 million next year, that’s annualized, and we’ll see where we go through the remainder of the year.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I guess, I’d say this, Gary. There’s always pluses and minuses, so you have to look at what you think are potential upsides but potential downsides. And I think it’s realistic, I wouldn’t call it aggressive and I wouldn’t call it conservative.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. We haven’t started doing modeling at this point, because at that point the benefit, okay. So that’s coupled with a more bigger a discussion about whether corporate tax rates go down. If that happens then even if we face some drag from personnel income taxes. The corporate tax impact simply dwarfs everything else. So that that we’d look at both. So if tax reform occurs, it’s pretty obvious that we would be a pretty significant beneficiary by significant, I mean, very significant. So we’re waiting to hear like everyone else is waiting to hear. So that’s a partial answer to your question.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so Bryan, our guidance obviously included Advance. We came out of the first quarter, I think, we’re at 15% growth. I think I called out attach rates on healthcare in the PEO were a little bit lower than we had projected. That can reverse very, very quickly quarter-to-quarter, so we’ll see where we are in Q3. But in terms of where we expect the year to be, we are not really far off from what we expected. So I see where people might get to 14%. I don’t think our internal plans suggest we be at 14%. And so we should be solidly in the year in the range of the guidance that we provided. And obviously, as you pointed out, the selling season will have an impact on where HRS growth ends up for the year, but we feel comfortable with the range as we’ve given.
Efrain Rivera: I would say, yes, subject to whatever we see in terms of sales in Q – I’m sorry, in the third quarter, which is where the bulk of the selling season comes in. I would say that, although, I didn’t call out where we end up in Q4, our guidance is for the year as a whole and we feel comfortable for the year as a whole that may not be that or that may be that some quarters aren’t exactly in the range of the guidance. So if it’s significant, we’ll call it out.
Efrain Rivera: So last time we updated it, it’s about – it was about last year about 10%, I should say, online services, which includes HR Administration, which is also part of the equation back up a second. So it’s clear the fundamental parts of the HCM platform include an HR Administration module with time and attendance module and obviously a payroll engine module. So about 10% of HRS revenue growth – revenue is online services. We don’t break it out more than that. That’s been growing at multiples with what payroll has been growing at.
Efrain Rivera: No, no, you’re just missing some information, so which I didn’t provide in my estimate. So our disclosure is that a 25 basis point rise impacts the portfolio immediately on an annualized basis to the tune of about $3.5 million, $3.7 million, I believe it is. But that doesn’t end the conversation, because then the question you have to ask yourself is, what does it do to long-term rates? If in the end, your reinvestment for long-term rates stays the same, it’s done nothing. You’ve gotten a benefit on the short-term portion of the portfolio, but very little else. The benefit we’re getting right now and I – the reason why I caution about including any interest rate benefit in models yet is that the securities that we invest in intermediate term municipals have gone up pretty significantly since the election, so our reinvestment rate is higher than it is right now. So if all we got was a 3.5 basis point, I’m sorry, a 25 basis point increase in the Fed funds rate. You could expect that we would get roughly what we say we would get. But we’re also getting a bit of a benefit on the long-term portion of the portfolio. And what I don’t know now and I’ll have a better sense is that, the Fed keeps raising interest rates. What’s happening to the shape of that yield curve as I go out over the maturities that we have to reinvest. So right now, if everything held, I’d be about – on an annualized basis about $8 million higher. What it will end up being, I don’t know until I get to the spring and I can digest the other Fed rate increases.
Efrain Rivera: That is a discussion that we’re going to have as we get into the spring, because if the shape of the yield curve is steep around the long end, then maybe I have a less short-term cash, and I have more long. I haven’t made that decision and we haven’t had that discussion yet. We’ve had some preliminary conversations about how we would do that, but obviously that would be one way to get higher yield even than what I’m talking about on the portfolio, those are decisions that we need to look at when we get into the spring. Obviously, competitors leverage 100%. We’d never – we’ve chosen not to do that. But between where we are and where other people in the market are, there is room to move if we chose to do so.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, up 2% or 3% from a headcount perspective and fully staffed. And I think just getting those reps up to speed, but we’re up about 2% or 3%, which is fairly normal for us and it’s kind of across both small and mid-market.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, a very consistent, as some are better than others. Actually some of the mid-market, I think, tends to be a little bit better than it has been historically even, and core payroll tend to be very consistent with or it’s been, no big uptick in turnover anything.
Efrain Rivera: I’d say this, Tim, that right now the relative growth between small is tilting a little bit more towards small versus mid and last year, it was tending a little bit more – trending a little bit more mid than small. So I think that’s what it is. Look, I could also talk about losses and sales, but when you net it all out, that’s basically what you’re seeing. And by the way, I just want to make it clear, our average client size has been 17 for the last 10 years, it’s not a dramatic difference, but a 10 or 15 basis points there does make a difference.
Efrain Rivera: It’s growing faster than middle market. I would say, it’s pretty comparable to where we were a year or so ago.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, we don’t give the actual payroll dollars associated with it. It’s complicated and the reason we all do that is a lot of ancillaries are primarily mid-market clients. Our client base in the mid-market is about a little bit over 6% of our total clients. And you can assume that the from a revenue standpoint, that’s three to four times what our client base is, if that helps.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. Our federal tax is about 33% and we obviously pay pretty close to the statutory rate. It depends on whose estimate you’re looking at. And if you’re down in 20% corporate tax rate, we are a significant beneficiary but even 5 to 10 point decrease would create significant benefits for us.
Efrain Rivera: I think I was asked this last year so I’m going to call it direct ACA revenue is in a little bit above between 1% and 1.5% of revenue.
Efrain Rivera: Not really. I think you can basically do much of the math yourselves and because float is no longer a drag. It’s probably more useful to just look at it in totality.
Efrain Rivera: So payroll is part of the equation. It’s been part of the equation in the last five years. They continue to do well. So that’s part of the mix of what we sell. So we sell through payroll, we sell obviously through our Paychex’s outsource service and we also sell midmarket, so that’s part of the mix.
Efrain Rivera: No because the first part of the statement David is correct. So we are fully staffed and operations expenses year-over-year were up pretty significantly in the quarter, we called out some reasons for that, that compare gets a little bit easier as we go through the remainder of the year. But remember that expenses in Q3 and in Q4 but Q3 particularly increased because of the volume of operations activity that we have and also the volume of sales activity that we have. So no in the back half of the year, you see our financials the margin actually goes down and that’s typical of our pattern.
Efrain Rivera: We feel comfortable with the guidance and obviously we’re running actually little bit ahead of it in the first half but comfortable where we are in terms of margins at this point.
Martin Mucci: We’re not – just to add to that a little bit. We’re not – when you look at last year’s second quarter, there was kind of a push because of the Affordable Care Act, particularly in the mid-market clients. And to get in and buy those services and therefore it got you in the door a lot more sales, and that kind of ticked up the size of the average client, because we sold a little bit more in the mid-market. So it’s an interesting time with the election to see how much the Affordable Care Act last year versus this year had an impact. And because we sold those clients pretty much who needed it. Now, the retention has been very strong on that product even with the uncertainty. But that was higher last year. It got you in the door a lot more in the mid-market, because they were interested in not only the Affordable Care Act, but how you integrated with the payroll services. And so that may have been an impact. And then as Efrain mentioned on our small business index, we’ve seen a flattening out of hiring in the small business sector, the under 50 employees sector, and for a couple of months now, and that could be around the election or not. So it’s kind of an interesting quarter because of the election and the possible changes coming up as well.
Martin Mucci: Yes, still pretty active, not always finding exactly what we want, but it’s – I don’t think it’s ever been probably more active from a pipeline standpoint. It’s just whether you get to the final deal or not based on the value and what we find in diligence, but been very active on that front and it hasn’t slowed down at all.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think the expectation, at least, at this point would be, it’s going to take sometime, it’s pretty complicated, as you know, and to change it. So and we’re seeing very solid retention. Of course, clients are looking for us to file in March now for them, and I don’t think you’re going to see much movement, at least, through that filing period. And I think it’s going to be a longer thing, which as Efrain mentioned, we’re looking at depending on what happens a number of products. My guess is, clients are still going to have to do something and they’re going to need some support for that. So we feel pretty good that we will be able to adapt to that, might not make up all of the revenue, but it certainly has some opportunity there. From a time and attendance, it’s been interesting that we’ve had very strong sales of our time and attendance solutions. And we’ve introduced the new one that is Flex Essentials, that is a no clock, all web, or mobile punch, much simpler to set up, and we’ve seen an acceleration there. So I think the whole overtime rule issue even though it’s now been delayed and may end up never being enacted who knows has driven a lot of interest in time and attendance. And so that’s driven sales that I don’t think somebody is going to necessarily get rid of that product, and in fact, it may keep kind of a heightened demand now. So I think that’s how we feel about it is pretty good at this point and see what happens next.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think we feel pretty good, obviously, reaching the new, the milestone of over a million worksite employees that we’re servicing between our service – between the ASO and PEO. We feel good. We’re very well-positioned. There’s a lot of demand for the HR support. And I think PEO, while it’s been strong in certain states and we sell it across the pretty much all states, it is starting to continue – it’s continuing to pick up more demand and we feel good about the future of it. As Efrain said, the attachment of the help can swing from kind of quarter-to-quarter or even month-to-month. But and again, I think, it’s going to be interesting to see kind of what comes out of. Now, you had a quarter, where a lot of discussion about healthcare and you may have a number of clients deciding to kind of hold, wait and see what’s going to happen, but we see good growth. We’ve been doing well in both PEO and ASO, well-positioned to have both products. So if you want co-employment, you have it. If you don’t, we have the insurance agency that’s a top agency and plenty of plans to offer. So feel good about both products right now.
Martin Mucci: Yes, certainly feel great about the product and ever expanding functionality of the product. And I think, as Efrain said, last year was kind of a heightened second quarter with the Affordable Care Act sales, and this year, it’s almost a little bit of the reverse. I think people are being a little careful to make any changes until they see what the rules come out, how it changes, and they’re probably concerned about their filing and making a change and not getting everything filed. So we saw a little bit probably unexpected a little bit slower there, and we expect though once we get past the filing date. So expect a good selling season here, but it may still continue to be a little bit slow through the third quarter until we get past the filing date. We’ll have to see kind of how that shakes out. But we feel certainly good about the product, the competitiveness and going head-to-head with any of the competitors in the market.
Martin Mucci: No, not really. No, there’s no real new competitors there. We haven’t seen a lot of change in their approach or product. And I think we’ve, as I mentioned, we’ve continued to add new options to our product and more self-service, more analytics that we’ve talked about HR analytics and providing more there mobile-first design, so an increased use of mobile. So we’re feeling very good, very competitive. We have not really seen any change from a competitive marketplace.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I don’t think, I think we’re adequate. We’re fully staffed and feel very good about being fully staffed and out there. I think the only surprise in the quarter we’ve kind of already mentioned, which is a little bit more in activity to make a change than we saw last year at this time. And I think that would be the only difference, and I think that’s kind of more of a macro kind of issue. And so I think that would be the only change. Certainly feel good about, as I mentioned, the competitiveness. No change really in the competitive environment, and we’re fully staffed and gaining more and more experience on the newer reps that we added at the beginning of the fiscal year. So we’ll be able to talk more about it after the selling season. The only real difference from first quarter, I would say is, with the election, which really change quite rapidly, at least, the view of the election and who won, I think that just put people in a little bit more cautious period for switching anything or making buying decisions in the second quarter.
Martin Mucci: Well, I don’t – I think the ACA, I think just the election, if I’m getting your question right, Jim, I think the question or the what happened was with the changes in ACA, with the President, with Trump getting in and probably a little bit more unexpected until second quarter as it got closer to the election, I think people know changes are going to happen. And so they’re a little bit less, they’re a little bit more reluctant to make a change until they see kind of what happens. They’re optimistic, but they’re not sure what’s going to happen yet. And so if that answers your question of the deal. If you’re talking about the overtime rules, I think that was very helpful from an over – from a selling of our Flex Time and Flex Essentials and our Time clocks, and I think that’s sticking. So the good thing there is, it brought a lot of attention to, you’re to be tracking time, look at the options that are out there now from a technology standpoint, punching in and out on a mobile phone, things that have not been available generally until the last year or so. And I think that’s going to stick, so that actually helped drive some sales that are recorded in our HRS services revenue. And I think that’s going to continue and it’s going to stick no matter what happens with overtime rules.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Well, obviously, from a Flex standpoint, you’ve got a better integration there and we’ve built everything to integrate into that and then continue to roll things out with Flex, so we’re certainly seeing better pick up from a penetration. I wouldn’t say it’s huge, but it certainly is a bigger pick up in penetration when you’re selling the Flex platform, because everything is built around that, so and we still have a lot of room to grow there. So when you think of the HR analytics that we just rolled out kind of at HR Tech and some of the other products like just rolling out Flex Essentials, which is that kind of lower-end time and attendance solution without clocks, all of that is around Flex. So we expect to have better penetration growth because of the Flex platform and the more we roll it out to clients.
Martin Mucci: Yes, not a huge change, but as Efrain said, it makes a difference. But I think the point we made earlier both Efrain and I think, last quarter, Tim, what we saw was, there was more movement in the mid-market because of Affordable Care Act and the need. That got people to change and sell more. This one has been compared to last quarter that need has kind of been satisfied by those who have it. And while we’re holding certainly the clients we have with Affordable Care Act products, we’re not seeing the interest in saying, okay, I want to change, because I have to have something in place. So we saw a little bit of a shift second quarter over second quarter and again, it’s not a huge number, but it did drop the average size a little bit.
Martin Mucci: Well, I wouldn’t say it’s difficult. I just say – this was compared really to last year, so we saw more activity. So we’re – I mean, we’re expecting a pretty good selling season, but it was certainly a little bit slower in Q2 than it was last year. Even though things are known, I think it’s just – last year we had a lot of sales, we had more mid market sales in the second quarter because they had to get, they had to make some change to get the Affordable Care Act product. By this point, most of those had bought it by November when you think about last year because they had to get in and actually many of us stopped selling it after November because we had to get them taking care for the calendar year. So I wouldn’t say we are expecting a difficult sales season but they may be a little bit more inactivity than we saw last year. But I would expect most of that was in Q2 last year.
Martin Mucci: Sure. I think first, I think I would say overtime – the overtime rules they have now of course been postponed at least temporarily. That drove certainly a lot more interest from clients in time and attendance solution. So that’s been helpful to get in front of clients and offer them a great timing for us in the product suite that we have. So that drove a lot of interest and frankly still I think it geared up a lot of interest that whether the overtime rules going to affect or not I think it’s going to be a plus for us. When you start talking about overtime rules that also drags in HR, so whether it was ASO or PEO, that brought a lot of interest in HR support. So companies that would have said, hey, I’m going to continue to try to deal with the HR myself internally, now said jeez I think with all these overtime rules who is exempted, who isn’t a lot more discussion about moving people to exempt doing that based on the overtime rules brought in some HR sales as well both on the ASO and PEO platform. And then I think a little bit probably of a drag might have been the fact that okay, now the Affordable Care Act as we’ve said is up in the air, but what’s going to happen? Maybe I don’t rush to buy as much from an insurance or a PEO side do I need it or not. So I think those were the major changes. I think right now what we expect is less regulation based on the platforms of the Trump administration but I think there still going to be an enough change that those things will still help us. And in fact just the level of change makes people worry about can they keep up with everything. If the tax rates change, if the rules change and maybe when to file, if overtime is in or out, that all drives people to say, okay, I can’t keep up with that, I’m going to turn it over to an outsourcer like Paychex who has over 200 people who just track compliance and realize what has to happen and so forth. So I think those have been the pluses and minuses.
Martin Mucci: On new business start-ups, I think they’ve reached back to that level and that they were pre-recession. We’ve seen that now for probably a year and I think they’ve held everything that we’ve seen would say, they’re not growing tremendously more than that but they’re right in that place where they were. Bankruptcies generally pretty consistent where they have been, maybe up a little at least what we’ve seen. What we see is from our losses to bankruptcies and out of business, and that picked up slightly but again our overall retention is very consistent with where it’s been, at pretty record high levels pretty consistent in that range. So no big change there but a little bit tick up in the bankruptcies, which is interesting. It doesn’t seem like that should happen but we’ve seen a few more losses because of that, nothing that would change our overall number.
Martin Mucci: Okay. I think you will continue to see that level of integration and you’ll see a big continued push on few things. One is the analytics piece that we just talked about at HR Tech much more on the analytics both in the way we report the data and in the flexibility the client has. The other will be continue to be a mobile first design and we are seeing a good uptick in mobile usage, as I’ve mentioned before not only the client but from the employee standpoint. So we are spending a lot of time adjusting our language and our display much more now – pretty much over 99% of the display is HTML5 so it’s a much cleaner and easier use for the client, much more flexible for the client and the employees on mobile use but we’ve stuck our long ways to go on mobile adoption so getting the client and their employees to download the app and use it. It’s growing fast but we still got a long way to go and I think that’s going to be big part of assisting in the value of our products and services. A full suite is there and we are constantly adding to it like the new Flex Time Essentials and you’ll see a lot more paperless. So everything pretty much can be paperless today right even PEO on boarding now is all paperless function. So I think you will continue to see us add to the functionality and even in time and attendance we are adding new modules all the time. So a budgeting module we just added where you will be able to track your time to your budget and so forth. So you’re going to continue to see not only the products expand but the modules within each distinct product.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think so. Although it’s much more gradual now like – the number of the clients are on Flex. I think we certainly have internal goals as to where we want that penetration to be including mobile adoption. So you will see more marketing push mobile adoption. You’ll see more direct – I think trying to get the employees of the clients and more marketing from that standpoint. So we don’t really disclose it but we certainly internally have our steps that we want to get to our different goals by year for penetration of those products. And I think right now we are on track I think even a little ahead on time and attendance because of the overtime rules.
Martin Mucci: I think so. Yes, we’ve seen that pretty consistent growth from the PEO standpoint and I think we feel very good about the career plans we’re offering now and the work with the careers. And so, yes, I don’t think that will necessarily slow down. We’ve just seen that inactivity, a little bit of slowness in making a change in some clients who already have it but I think you’ll see and even with more certification and things that are going on in that industry I think you could see a pick up there and there is no real change in competition. We haven’t seen any real change from any of the competitors from the PEO standpoint. So if you have good plans, great HR service and support and good career plans, insurance plans, we should continue to see good double digit growth there.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I guess some. I wouldn’t say any major thing. We certainly have seen where people might jump to a competitor. We’ve seen a few of those come back. I wouldn’t say anything in large number but really with the attrition as I mentioned earlier, the turnover has been pretty consistent so we haven’t seen any uptick in turnover and I think – there isn’t many major exodus for anybody to come back. Yes, some come back but not too many.
Martin Mucci: Well, Mark, that’s a good question. It’s primarily federal and state, SUTA does have an impact, but the bigger impact is federal and state.
Martin Mucci: I would say little bit of both, but probably less product these days and more expansion of what we have. So certainly payroll PEO, other off suites of what – we like the Advance Partners, obviously that’s been very good acquisition for us, good team there and there is some opportunities there as well in that industry. And so I would say across the board probably a little bit less product, but there is some product things we still want to do but we’ve pretty much build those – the majority of those tuck in type opportunities, mostly what we are looking for now and different geographies obviously as well. We are always looking particularly in Western Europe for opportunities as well and so I’d say it’s a little bit across the board.
Martin Mucci: Right, Ashwin. Good point. Yes, so open the universe up to other class of assets that we wouldn’t think about as much today.
Martin Mucci: There is no real specific assumption there. While it’s been significant sales and time and attendance, it is enough to move the needle that much or it doesn’t change our guidance or anything, we wouldn’t. If that never went into effect, we wouldn’t change guidance or adjust guidance or anything.
Martin Mucci: Okay, great. Thank you. At this point, we will close the call. If you are interested in replaying the webcast of this conference call, it will be archived for approximately 30 days. I thank you for taking the time to participate in our second quarter press release conference call and for your interest in Paychex. We wish you all a very happy holiday season. Thank you.
Gary Bisbee: There’s quite a bit of demand about, how much you’ll actually benefit in the short-term float? So I wanted to ask a two-part question to help frame that. The first one, as you think about the float, how you manage the float, is it still right, I know there’s some seasonality, but to think that roughly half of the float balance is short-term stuff, whether it’s money-markets, the variable demand rate notes et cetera, and you target about half in intermediate term bonds? And the second question, if we look at that bond portfolio, I think, you said 3.3-year duration…
Gary Bisbee: Is the stuff that’s maturing in the next 12 months, are the interest rates that you would likely reinvest that in today above the rates of the stuff that’s maturing, or is that still a negative at this point? Thank you.
Gary Bisbee: Okay. And then just one other question. The – and maybe this is just getting too nitpicking on my end, but the buyback was pretty significant no increase in the guidance for earnings, it feels like there’s a couple of pennies there, is that just conservatism or is there some other thing we should think about with that? Thank you.
Gary Bisbee: Okay. And then just actually one other one. Have you done the analysis and maybe it’s just, we don’t know enough, but about what kind of risk you might face in terms of potential declines in the float portfolio balance is based on some of the personnel income tax changes that Trump and the Republican Congress have been floating? Should we think of that as a potential offset to some of this is the withholding might be less for a significant portion your customers? Thank you.
