John Morphy: No, we were expecting it to stay exactly flat.Rod Bouget – Sanford C. Bernstein: So it was a surprise, but a very slight one.
John Morphy: I don't know that I'd call 1,000 clients a surprise. You're running a business inside a range, well inside an acceptable range, it's not a surprise. 
John Morphy: We were able to watch our people and take advantage of some people who chose to do other things. One thing to remember when you have a work force like ours, a lot of these people are in the age group of 25 to 35 and by nature, economy good or bad, these people do tend to sometimes move around. You've got mothers that have children, all those types of things. So we actually got a little more favorability to reduce those expenses. We're taking advantage of their choices, us not really forcing any choices, and we were able to get expenses down more than we thought. So all in all, maybe we're a little too optimistic on the revenue side, and maybe a little too pessimistic on the how fast we can reduce expenses, and I think netted out.
John Morphy: Basically, you get down about 3% if they stay where they are because of the year over year comparisons. I know what I budgeted, but I was pretty happy they wound up where they were in the first quarter, because we had other quarters we had hoped they were going to stay and they didn't.
John Morphy: It's really hard to tell, but we watch those trends and some of the other indicators that I talked about and we've got a fairly long history on them so we have the ability to maybe see trends before others might. But in that world, when we look at all of the different indicators, that being one of the important ones, it does look to us like it's definitely getting less bad, and it does definitely look like it's starting to climb its way out. You couple that with Bernacke's comments about what he's seeing and others and you start to get the feel that it's possible that we may have bottomed out. Our issue is not that quite frankly. When we sit around here and try to figure out what's happening in the economy, the questions more typically go to how long is it going to take to climb out. How long with the recovery take as opposed to whether or not it's started.
John Morphy: The only two things we have that I would say are floating is wage increases and the 401-K match. Everything else we've done is basically what we would have done anyway, prudent decisions. Things that we've needed to do, we've done. We haven't gone to what I would call dire cost reductions. So that's the only two that are there and they'll come back when we decide it's the right time to bring them back, the wage freeze on pay and the 401-K match.
John Morphy: By quarter it was almost even. It probably went 2.5, it was a little more in the fourth quarter, the other three were about the same. Three in the fourth quarter, and the rest of the three quarters were about the same.
John Morphy: I think we're in apples and watermelon here probably to some extent because our client base has run at the low end basically, we say about 10 million people. We think we have about a third market share so the market that we're in paying people is about 30 million. I don't know how many people are working in the U.S., 200 million, 300 million. I'm not sure the government data survey is very much of our 30 million, they're so small. I'm not sure they can even find them.
John Morphy: I'm not sure where they get it all, but we've never had our data be that close to theirs hardly ever, which is one of the reasons we shied away based on our client base of giving out data and checks per client and new hire reporting.
John Morphy: The one thing in major markets, they tend to be competitive bids so pricing tends to be more consistent and the other advantage we have in major markets is we are not always the price leader on those products. For some of those we're less. It's a little bit different.
John Morphy: No. I never disclose that.Mark Marcon – Robert W. Baird: On MMS, can you tell us how that's going, just the sales trends that you're looking at there relative to the small business market.
John Morphy: I don't know. Too much moving around. We think we feel pretty good about what we're forecasting. We'll watch how the world moves the next three months and we'll really watch how it moves when we get to the big selling season in January.Gary for Kelly Flynn – Credit Suisse: I was also thinking about the impact on HRS because you usually typically drop from your payroll clients and if they started to spill through. I was wondering about the impact on the next year going forward, is payroll services having a growth or it's not even flat by the end of the year.
John Morphy: We're doing everything we know to get to what you said to be the reality. We hired sales people this year as opposed to taking people out of the equation and we continue to make investments in our product portfolio and so on. So we're doing everything that we know how and hopefully you're right and our guidance is wrong.
Jonathan Judge: Backlog scored two more points than they expect, I don't think that's a surprise.Rod Bouget – Sanford C. Bernstein: Can you talk about the pricing and discounting? It's encouraging that I guess things got a lot less bad on that front. Have competitors shown a continuation in their price counting and discounting aggression compared to three months ago and at the same time, what level of pricing increase do you expect will stick for fiscal '10.
Jonathan Judge: In general, we've talked about this before, the culture in this company is that expenses are earned by the ability to generate revenue and so if the revenue picture starts to get a little bit softer than we had planned for, it's in our culture to go pull the expense out as well.
Jonathan Judge: I don't know that I'd frame it in that way, but to answer your question, we had a fellow that was running sales and marketing for 26 years. He was with the company obviously a very long time. He was the architect that built the sales and marketing processes we had. He retired. And so when he retired, and we went to replace him, we looked both inside and outside and the decision that I made in terms of going outside was to get somebody who had some experiences that were in many respects different than some of the experiences that our internal candidates had. And he looked like somebody who could make a significant add to our company. He spent a lot of time in the business world. He's been in a senior level position for some significant period of time. He's got both sales and marketing background, an outstanding track record of success and he's been here now for a couple of weeks and it's been a good couple of weeks. We expect that he's going to be a great add to our company and quite frankly, whenever you have a chance to add experiences to the existing group that you have, my personal opinion is that's a positive thing. So I'm very much looking forward to the contributions he's going to make over time and feel very good about the hire.
Jonathan Judge: As I said, in the last three months it's gotten a little bit better, but in the first quarter, our experience has been it's always better in the first quarter. So you take that with a grain of salt. My expectation is as we go into the second quarter, my expectation is that it's not going to continue at the rate it was at last year. If you sit back and forget about our industry and just think about pricing theory in general, one of the reasons when you're in a stable market that somebody would start an aggressive price campaign is to try to grab share. If you do that for some period of time, and you find that you're not only grabbing share but you're also impacting the pricing in your existing clients and so on, my guess is that you come to the conclusion that maybe that's not a great idea and you will fight on a different front. But we'll see what happens. We've been very clear about it that we are not the aggressor in this and we won't be the aggressor in it, but we won't sit by and watch it happen either.
Jonathan Judge: The majority of the issue is national not local and regional. If you look at the actual differential in price that we live in a normal world between us and the regional, it's a significant disparity and it's significant because the quality of the product that's delivered and the stability and the financial integrity of the provider is usually so different that we can sustain very dramatic difference in price between us and the regional competitors and still win. So they don't tend to be the issue in this particular discussion. It's more the national.
Jonathan Judge: Basically, the same thing as always. In other words, if we're in a growth environment which unfortunately we haven't been for the last few quarters, the incremental margin is very high. It isn't any different on one product versus another except on payroll when you've got a load of clients completely. So the incremental margins on all the HRS products are pretty much the same. Health care I wouldn't say is any better or any worse than anything else.
Jonathan Judge: When you talk about sales to clients, the distinguishing note there is clients that are either a new company, they were formed in that year or they're existing clients that were either not doing it at all or doing it with another vendor or doing it in-house with a software product. And then the second thing is the ancillary sales which is the sales into existing vendors of additional products. So they're two different animals.
Jonathan Judge: The sales, if you take the new clients coming in, the biggest significant notice that we saw in the last 12 months of a change was the number of sales or the percentage of sales that we brought in that were from companies that were formed in that year. That was a number that was off very significantly. It's improved in this last quarter. One data point does not a trend make, but it's a good start.  The other categories were all performing about normal. So the customers switching from existing methods whether that be a competitor or whether doing it themselves, last year was not really an issue of any significance to us. The issue was the lack of formation of new businesses. On the ancillary sales, the ancillary sales are performing well as I mentioned in my comments. But you've got to remember the ancillary sales depend on us bringing in new clients to sell the ancillaries into.
Jonathan Judge: No. If I'm understanding your question, we think of that in terms of attach rates. So when we bring a client in, how many of those clients have tax pay? How many of those clients have employee pay? How many of those clients take Worker's Comp. How many of those clients take national health benefits, and so on.  Those attach rates have not change dramatically at all. There's no issue there. The issue is the number of clients brought in.
Jonathan Judge: First of all, you're talking about what we call par which is the annualized revenue. When you're talking about how we did last year versus for example our competitors when we were down just slightly, like a point or two, two at most I think, and our competitors were down, I don't know what the numbers were but 15% or 12% or something like that. That story looks like it's going to play out the same this year if not maybe even a little better.
Jonathan Judge: I don't believe so. What happened unfortunately, we did not get all the sales edging in one part of our sales force as early as we wanted to. The other side we did, so we think that's going to correct as the year goes on so we see that as just a first quarter blip. We're still getting pretty good take rates. We still expect to be in the $30 million plus for the year and we'll just keep tracking it. But right now, not too much gets stopped because people have got to keep going.
Jonathan Judge: I think first and foremost it's the latter. Whether or not it will end up being able to propel our ability to compete in the core business, I don't know. I think there's probably some possibility for that, but the most obvious one is the latter. And it's not just a small group. There's a possibility that this could affect small individuals. There's a possibility that it could affect some other things that we're not prepared to talk about, but if it goes that way there will be good things for us. But in general, I would say that it's most about helping the basic business of the national health care agency that we have and I do believe, from everything that I've seen I do believe that it's going to be pretty positive for us.
Jonathan Judge: The thing that is always true when you get into an economic situation like this is that more M&A potential presents itself than robust periods, and that's proven to be true for us. The things that we have available for us to look at, there's certainly more of them, and I would say in general the quality is better.  We have a small M&A department that we established a couple of years ago that is staffed with professionals in this discipline and we have an appetite to get involved when we find something that we feel will have a significantly positive impact on our company. And I'm not prepared to talk to you about any of those yet, but I think we've been pretty clear that we have interest there and as soon as we find something that makes sense and we can get it done, we'll tell you as soon as that comes.
Jonathan Judge: Not really. Our business is a little bit different than businesses that have large clients in the industry sectors. They tend to be less important to us than they do to other types of businesses in part because our product set tends to be a utility product set and in part because when you get into industry applications they don't tend to be the utility types. What does show itself is on geographic areas. Florida as you know has been terribly hard hit area in the economy. When you look at the numbers of employment, Florida doesn't jump out. There are some smaller states that jump out with bigger numbers, but that could just be the laws of small numbers. But from a geography standpoint, places like Florida and Nevada, Arizona, specifically around Phoenix and Southern California are the areas that were hardest hit by things like housing and the construction industries associated with housing, and then it trickles down obviously into things like how often you go out to dinner or how often you get your hair cut and so on. So those areas are ones that we're hopeful will continue to show improvement.
Jonathan Judge: Basically we have an Investment Committee of the Board that meets usually twice a year and as needed. We're not going to change the risk model for return, but our treasury people have been pretty encouraging to me for the first time in a long time. Their belief is the liquidity in some of these instruments is getting to the point where they really want to go to the investment committee and ask for them to allow them to invest in them. So I think that's something that's going happen over the next six to eight weeks, and we'll take a look at it. I don't think you'll see a monstrous change in the return rate because you won't just push the whole portfolio over there, but I think we're seeing liquidity get better and hopefully down the road we'll be back to normal times and you get back the interest rates that are more indicative of what's going to happen.
Jonathan Judge: No. My belief is, the world gets back to normalcy, we'll be pretty active. I don't think you'll see us back in auction securities. The only reason is I think the lesson people have learned is you shouldn't be trading an investment daily that actually has a maturity cycle that means it doesn't have to trade daily. Some people may go back to doing that, but you're not going to see us doing that. So I think you're going to be back in instruments that trade where they should and we'll be back in them. I'm confident that will happen. Do you have a view on the subject? You know our investment philosophy.
Jonathan Judge: We have a horrible comparison in the first quarter because the world didn't end really for HRS until going into the second quarter. Payroll started getting hit 12 to 18 months ago. We got off to a very good start on the sales cycle on HRS and the world kind of came to an abrupt stop. I also say way more volatility. I had some favorable Worker's comp in the first quarter last year, but I had to compare against, I don't have to compare against anymore because Worker's comp in these markets tend to get positive surprises. We used to get a fair number, but now it's gotten better and better and it's breaking even, so we've just got normal volatility. I'm confident you're going to see improvement and I think the fourth quarter, and I won't say the number because the number is higher than what you just said, but we believe it's going to come back and health care will get going a little bit better than it did in the first quarter. Again, it's the timing on some of the sales force people, but we look at the compares. You look at the pieces. Basis points on 401-K went right into the tank. So when you go look a year ago, the basis point change isn't very much. You go look at it back to February, the basis point change is 35% to 40%.  So I think you're going to see the factors come back, and we looked at the forecast, and I can assure you, one thing I like about this process we do, and one of the things we gain out of having the 10-Q there is John and I read all the questions this morning and I can assure than we looked at that question HRS, and we went back, and I pulled in my controller and my divisional control there and I said, "Okay, let's look at this thing again to make sure what we believe is correct." And everything they showed me made me actually be more optimistic that the growth is going to be there and it's going to happen throughout the year. So I'm pretty confident that's going to happen unless some shoe drops, which I don't think it's going to. We also know that in this particular group, the sales for the first quarter were good in that area. We were actually slightly above plans. So we think there's some good stuff here, but again with some caution.Mark Marcon – Robert W. Baird: Can you talk a little bit about the 401-K? It looked like sequentially you had about 1,000 employer drops which sounds like it's equal to the drop that you ended up seeing with regards to the total client base.
Jonathan Judge: That would be more a coincidence. 401-K is a tough sell right now. You've got the stock market. It's getting better. You've got all those issues with, remember we're in small business where people are not trusting large so it's just a tough game and you've got the government a little bit talking about the future of these, which I think the future would be bright, but you've just got a lot of uncertainty. So we'll see that come back.Mark Marcon – Robert W. Baird: If we take a look at the asset base, that clearly improved significantly sequentially. 
Jonathan Judge: We're always working on those things. You know that we obviously capitalized a lot of money and now we're amortizing the platform which we'll talk more about that next call. The reason we don't talk more about that is for obvious reasons. But basically we have this continuous improvement philosophy but when you've got a company like ours where so much is the same, and it's pretty much distributed and kind of centralized, you don't get quantum leaps. It really is going out there and fighting for it each and every day and once reason cost, I don't know that we're the best in the world at taking cost out.  I know one thing. We're one of the best in the world at ever letting the cost get in. So basically these inefficiencies don't get in because we've had this philosophy now for 25 or 30 years that your expense growth can't equal revenue growth. So it almost forces you to not get efficient because you're just not going to tolerate it.
Jonathan Judge: Absolutely we saw a switch to less risky funds. And that's one of the reasons the market came back. You don't always see all of it because they were never in that point, but we see that and I think John's got a comment here.
Jonathan Judge: We'd love to see it but it's too early to say and as we talked before on the HRS, we just got some unusual items which we feel pretty optimistic about what's going to happen. If you got payroll growth it would be even better. That would actually help HR even more.
Jonathan Judge: I don't know if that will be the case. Clearly the position that we have in the market has given us the ability to participate in some of the conversations that are going on in Washington and that's been helpful because in many respects, we know a lot about this business and we know a lot about the efficiencies of how the business could be run, so that part is good. I think that I'm not so sure that the lead thing is right. Where we get a huge advantage in the lead generation is more in the structure, our distribution of go to market structure that we have. When you're in a business like ours where you have almost 600,000 install clients and you talk to somewhere in the neighborhood of 300,000 prospects, just with your general payroll coverage, it's very simple to explore whether or not the clients would also have a need for health care, and if they do, to do a warm transfer for them into the licensed agents that we have to sell the health care products. So we think it's more our position in the marketplace, the number of feet of the street that we have, the number of clients we have internally, the number of clients that we touch each year that give us a significant advantage.
Jonathan Judge: I don't think it would be a waste of an investment. It is something that we're studying. It is possible that it will become a reality. That's one of the alternatives that are being kicked around. I don't want to get into too much discussion on this, because it is something that we're talking about. But we're very familiar with it and I'd say that there is a possibility that there could be a play there.
Jonathan Judge: I would like to thank you all for your interest in Paychex and spending some time with us and hope you all are enjoying life and good weather where you are. We've had a great September after not such a great summer, so hope all is well and we'll talk to you in December. Take care.
