Efrain Rivera: Yes. So as you know, we ended the year at 2%. And so we're expecting that to improve. We see pricing a little bit better than we had this year. We expect net client growth to improve a bit. And we expect checks per payroll to moderate from where we are. So in the quarter, we saw moderation. We think that we're reaching -- we're moving down in terms of what we expect the contribution for checks per payroll to include, and we expect some modest upticks both on client growth and on pricing.
Efrain Rivera: That's probably a little bit low, Glenn. I think we're more towards the 2% range. And we're expecting it to tick up a bit from there.
Efrain Rivera: Well, core payroll growth was modest. We have about 5 different customer bases in there. Some were up. Some were down. Core was modestly up. Sure was up. And then there were some other older platforms that were down.
Efrain Rivera: I don't think it changed that dramatically. What I will say, Sara, is if you look at sales now in the back half of the year versus the first half, we saw an uptick in the size of core clients. So I don't think it's enough yet to affect the base as a whole. But we did see an increase that was notable in terms of size of clients.
Efrain Rivera: No, I don't think it's fair. So we always go through this discussion around how precisely we're going to guide. So let me just review what has happened, right? So if you look at what happened over the past 2 years, and actually I would go back 3 years. We were at 36.3%, 37.1% and 37.8%. So when we guided last year, we guided in similar fashion. We expected to be north of 38%, but we don't expect it to reach 39%. So we said approximately 38%. So we do expect some margin. I wouldn't book precisely the amount that we got this year. But we'll -- we're going to continue during the year to produce some leverage. So the approximately 38% just simply is to say, we didn't want to call it closer to 39%.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, Brian. We had -- if you look at what happened particularly in the back half of the year, and Marty mentioned early, we had really good sales results in the second half of the year. We had a really strong back half in the PEO and really good sales performance and very good retention performance. Part of what our guidance incorporates is, we don't see it being quite that strong in next year. But we are exiting the year with very good momentum on the HRS side.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I think we've been expecting moderation. And I think when we look at the data, we're realizing that quarter ends when they end. The day can sometimes influence that number. I'll just say that going into the beginning of the year looks like we're a little bit stronger than that. But the trend is definitely towards moderation, and that's what we're assuming for next year.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, Joe. So 2 things on that. And I saw a couple of notes on this that I wanted to clarify. In a typical year, we're repricing 20% to 25% of the portfolio. And so we will see the benefit of longer -- the higher rates, I should say, in our longer-term portfolio as we go through the year if we stay at current rate level. And I just want to caution, we've seen spikes above 2% before only to have them come down again. But if we continue at these levels, we'll get some benefit, some upticks. Some people were asking why we didn't call out a higher number on our portfolio. We need to see when we invest, whether these interest rates prevail. I believe they will. With respect to the impact of interest rates on our clients at this point, it's really kind of early to tell. Marty said we've been seeing some uptick on the clients in the construction industry. So that's a positive. It remains to be seen whether a bump of this magnitude, which is still modest by historical standards, will really have a dampening effect on businesses and business formation.
Efrain Rivera: It's net positive, Paul. So referring back to the previous question, it's tough to peg when some of these initiatives will become material to growth because we're walking through it the first time. But we think it's definitely a net plus. When we call out rate pressure, what we're describing there specifically is, we see a migration from smaller clients to larger clients in our base health and benefits business. We see rates there coming under some pressure for that segment of the market. But that is going to be dwarfed by other opportunities within the market that really extend across the entirety of our client base. So the products that Marty just mentioned, we think, will have the potential to be an important contributor in the future.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, hey, Jason, so when you go back to the presentation, there were 2 parts of it. One was the long term thought process, which was contrasted by the next section of the presentation, which was 2013 through 2015. So in 2013 through '15, this is what we said specifically. Organic client base growth was going to be 1% to 3%, pricing would be 2% to 4% and checks would be 0% to 1%. That's what we said about 2013 to '15. To get to mid-single digits, and I think that we've been saying this pretty consistently, you need a slightly different environment in terms of new business formation than the one we have. If you look at the data that we've got at this point, based on the most recent BLS data, which has a lag, basically shows no growth whatsoever in new business formation. Now we're not using that as an excuse. We think that we can grow the business. We need a little bit better environment to kind of push us solidly into the mid-single-digits category. But we think as a long-term proposition, meaning beyond the 2015 range, that's not a unreasonable expectation or target to set. Now, will we make it? It depends on those 3: organic client base growth, pricing and checks. We think at this point, there's a path to get there.
Efrain Rivera: But one other thing I'd add to what Marty said is that, if we look at it from a revenue retention standpoint, we typically don't give that number, we're at historic highs, above our client retention rate. So we've got a number of things working in our favor. And Marty's just reiterated, I think we put a lot more emphasis on revenue per client. We saw, as the year exited, that we were selling a little bit bigger client. That probably affected units a bit. And we probably need to be a little bit more balanced next year.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So, I guess, Jason, let me answer that in 2 ways. So we're a little bit north of 50% on the portfolio as a whole. And on average, we're about $4 billion. We're north, I'd say, of 50% in terms of our long-term portfolio. We're about a little over 3 in terms of duration. The impact of higher rates will be seen in that portfolio, we just did not going to reprice immediately. So -- and as you can imagine, we've got a group of treasury professionals who are trying to figure this out. In a rising rate environment, you go longer, do you say intermediate? So we're figuring that part out of it. The -- with respect to the shorter-term portfolio, we're getting 8 to 10 basis points on a little bit under $2 billion worth of client funds. So the immediate impact would be much more -- would be felt much more quickly on a short-term rate boost, which we haven't seen, which may be the long-term augers are the short-term rate boost. But I think the 25 bps and $0.01 is about right, that's about the right number. So I would just caution that if you don't see it right away, it's simply because as we were putting our plan together, we made an assumption about rates that probably was a bit conservative in this environment. We'll see as we go through the year. If rates continue to rise, we should have a bit of upside on the client funds portfolio.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so authorization lasts through the end of next year. We wanted to see where we ended up from a share count perspective. We'll buy back to offset dilution, and then we'll see where the stock settles out in terms of price and buy when we think market conditions are right. I guess I wouldn't say anything more direct than that.
Efrain Rivera: With respect to the environment, it's -- one of the things that if you went back 2 years and asked what our assumption was, we would've simply thought that the environment was going to bounce back in terms of business formation more quickly than it has. It simply hasn't, thus far, as we can tell. With respect to businesses, preferring SurePayroll versus core payroll, it's really more attitudinal than it is its size. So we see 7-person payroll companies that want an outsourced solution, fully outsourced solution, and we see a lot of 7-person payrolls that prefer the SurePayroll credit. It really depends on the type of customer and what their interest is in terms of the way they want to process payroll. One thing that I'd mentioned to a number of you that I think is important, we don't constrain the customer or tell them that one solution is better when they search on the web. If you go on the web, you'll see both solutions pop up, and SurePayroll competes against our core product in the same payroll services ecosystem. We think we want to get the customer, then we're going to offer them a range of additional services that, whether they're on SurePayroll or not, they would be interested in. So it's really more attitudinal than anything else.
Efrain Rivera: No, we don't. And part of the reason for that is there's a number of client bases within our client base. To get -- to provide an accurate perspective, we'd have to give you 4 or 5 client bases that are in there. And at that point, we're giving you proprietary information that we just -- we're not going to do.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, well, I think it's still very early stage. There may come a point at which we decide to split it out because it's material to our results. Right now, it's not, Ashwin. And it would -- at current rates, we have a long way to go before it becomes that.
Efrain Rivera: Well, it's interesting. When we speak about rate pressure, Jim, we're really referring to commissions that we receive, not to the rate increases we're going to see for insurers. What we have seen so far is that there's going to be fairly sizable insurance increases, price increases.
Efrain Rivera: Well, here's the answer to that, and it requires us to think a little bit about the PEO. So when we go to a client, we've got 2 options. We can go in an ASO model and sell them a one-off insurance policy based on their particular characteristics. They may be good or bad, depending on their history and their -- the type of business they have. Or the same person can go in and sell them a PEO alternative. We think the PEO is going to be favored, at least for a period of time, because the PEO will be able to underwrite those risks and they will have an advantage, we think, early on versus the exchanges. So it could be a potential win for the PEO. But we need to walk through that to get a better sense of that.
Efrain Rivera: There's a number of different models. We haven't finalized that. You can -- we could do both. So haven't finalized that. And you can just -- you can be sure that if we go down that route, we bound that risk pretty tight with, yes.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, what we basically -- Paul, it really just depends on literally, the day on which we close, how much in client funds we are -- the day we close the quarter, how much in funds we're holding. And how much in funds we're holding depends on how much we're remitting in -- it could be anything from payroll to income taxes. So it varies so widely that there's really kind of no rule of thumb that says if it's a Thursday, it's this, and if it's a Friday, it's that. But basically, what's happening is where are we in the stage of remitting the different funds to the end recipients.
Efrain Rivera: Sure. Yes, well, we disclosed a fair amount of that information. And I think if you take HRS in the aggregate, the penetration into the base from a client perspective is less than 10%. So we -- and we've got that pretty detailed in the MD&A, and I think it's also in the press release. So you can get a sense of that. We're still in the early stages of product penetration into the rest of the base.
Efrain Rivera: No, not really, Tim. I guess what I'm saying is -- let me just make it explicit. So I'm saying it's, let's say your assessment is that we're going to be at $1.69. We're saying the first half, split it down the middle, that's what the year looks like at this point. So just gives some more color on what the quarters end up looking like. This year was -- I'm contrasting that, Tim, to 2 years ago. If you look at it, we were heavily front-end loaded 2 years ago. And this year, we return to kind of a more normal distribution.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I think so. So last year, we grew about, I think the final number is 4%, 5%. It will grow with that number.
Efrain Rivera: I think we're a little bit more positive on the macro because at some point, you have to stop using the macro as an excuse and you just got -- get down to business with growing. We don't think the environment is that much better. We think that it's good for the businesses that are, in business, they seem to be within our base. They seem to be healthy and doing well. We'd like a better environment in terms of business formation, but at this point, we're not going to keep banging that drum.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So, Mark, the commentary there is just to say that within core, as we went through the year, the average size of clients sold as we got into fourth quarter was a little bit higher than we began in the year. It actually was higher.
Efrain Rivera: There's no material difference, Mark. There's no material difference because at this point, they don't influence the client base so much, yes.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. The way we look at it, Mark, is we think it's really around the 30-employee mark that you start to worry about the Act. And you're probably a quarter or more of the base at that point.
Efrain Rivera: I think it's unlikely. I think you could see 1 quarter or 2 where we went above that, Rod. I just think we're being -- we're going to be cautious about it. I think the likely source would be strong results from healthcare. That's where we think upside could come. It's a little bit tough to call it at this point. So we got, as Marty mentioned, a number of products out there. We think not only are they -- some of those products applicable to the 30 and above segment of the base, but also, frankly, below 30. But we need to get 1 quarter or 2 under our belt to get a sense of what opportunity is there. Internally, we would love to see more and hope that we do. It's tough to plan on it at this point.
Efrain Rivera: And one other thing I'd say, Rod, is I called out, so I hope everyone was listening still on, that in the first quarter, in particular due to timing, we start the quarter -- the year again a little slowly and then build. So that has a little bit of impact on the year as a whole.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I think we're comfortable in that 80% range. I think that off of the full year EPS, which was $1.56, when you look at it, we were up in the 84% range. But on a more normalized basis, if we -- you can take out the tax effects, we were down in the lower 80s. But we're comfortable in that range. And we -- and the reason for that is that we have pretty predictable cash flows and predictable results.
Efrain Rivera: I wouldn't completely rule it out. So -- and I don't think we have a religious objection to having debt. It just would have to be for the right reasons. And I think, John, we have to couple that with the fact that we -- we're not seeing anything from a pipeline perspective relating to acquisitions that we thought was good. The opposite is true. There's-- there are interesting opportunities out there that we continue to evaluate, very disciplined in the price we'll pay. So we'd have to get to a point where we just didn't even see opportunities for acquisition. And right now, we think there's some attractive opportunities out there, but we're patient and we're disciplined in the terms of the way we approach it.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, 25 bps on the short end is going to get you about $5 million. So yes, that's about $0.01, actually, after you -- a little bit -- $0.015, to be precise.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so 2 separate ideas. The insurance clients really are separate from the PEO. So I think there was probably some offset between those 2 numbers. But I think more importantly, Tien-Tsin, what happened was that as the year started, we made a conscious decision to go upstream because we knew that in the under 10 space, that was most likely to be affected by healthcare reform. We pivoted upstream, paid the price, to some extent, on a number of clients. Applications were up, you saw 8%, so we've got good results. We like the platform for being a little bit more upmarket than we were 1 year or 2 ago.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I think you are in the sense that if you called out -- if you normalized the year, the growth rate would not have been that high. We called out Hurricane Sandy. We called out the extra day, the extra leap year. We didn't necessarily talk about in the press release, again, the fact that the frequency of payroll costs in Q1 was down from the prior year. One thing to be aware of is that client base growth. If we say it's 1%, we don't get 1% growth necessarily in the year because that is -- that's got a weighted average effect. You start at 0, you end at 1. You get some fraction of that. And then checks, in particular, typically, if we've got a 1% or 2% check number, it -- the contribution to revenue is going to be typically 50% or less of that. So you have to kind of weigh those to kind of get to the right number.
Martin Mucci: Yes. And what we think of as the small market, kind of the under 50, but really under 20, I think you could say.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we're always looking -- as we have said in past calls, we're always looking for additional margin and different additional leverage as we grow so.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think we -- as Efrain said, we are real pleased with where the sales are. We're just -- one quarter doesn't always make a year. So as we see a strong quarter, we're very pleased. But when we look at the whole year, we'll be very consistent in that range that we gave, I think, for the year. But we are pleased with the second half of the year and particularly the fourth quarter on PEO sales, HR outsourcing in general, ASO, 401(k). All had a really good fourth quarter in the sales front.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think a couple of things. I think, one, as we stated, the sales in the small market into the second half of the year are stronger. We came out of the fourth quarter strong. So we feel like that's a good signal. I think when you look at some of the economic indicators, housing starts are up, prices are up on housing. I think housing is a really important measure for us because we have a lot of jobs around that. A lot of contracting roofers, et cetera, around that. All of that is positive. And so we're feeling like we're coming off the end of the year with some momentum and that that will certainly help us. We also came out with the best client retention in our history this year on the core -- on the payroll side. And so we feel very good about the retention work that we're doing. And you put that with the sales, we think that the client growth is going to start to pick up.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think -- yes, we've continued to invest -- and as you said, we've taken the efficiencies much from the field operations in the centralized service operations that we've gained and poured them back into the technology. And we really feel good about that. It's really come to fruition the last 2 years, in particular on all of the products that we rolled out, and the success we've had on the technology front. I think that where we used to talk about maybe the 100 to 200 basis point range, we've been much more in the 50 to 100 basis point range is where we've talked about. Always looking for leverage. Always will be part of our DNA to look for it. But we certainly understood that we had to pour more back into technology. And we'll continue to do that, although it is at a decelerating rate now. We're getting to a level of technology spend where I don't think you'll see as big of an increase in that. But I think when you look at our leverage, it will -- we'll continue to look for the 50 to 100 basis points as we grow. As we grow more, now you got to kind of -- I'm sure Efrain would tell you. If you put that into a different perspective, when interest rates go up, that's a very different equation. This is more on the flat interest rate and no movement in the interest rates.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think on the mobility front, the biggest thing is we went after making sure that -- one, that any device you use was optimized. So whether you're on an iPad or whether you're on a tablet or whether you're on a phone, that the screen is optimized. And I think we were ahead of the game on that one. We were a little behind in getting to the mobility. But when we went -- when we got to it 1 year or so ago, 1.5 years ago, we were optimizing, first of all, the device. Second, we focused very much on information to the client. So as opposed to necessarily on the phone, allowing for payroll, you actually -- to do your payroll, which we didn't find much research that said a lot of people were doing that, either from our general research or at looking at SurePayroll's experience. What we found is they want to get to the information and how do they get to it in the easiest possible way with fewest clicks, for example. And that's what we focused on. So if you look at our application on the iPhone, for example, you can get to your employer or employee information very easily. And we're continuing to add to that in a very thorough, but yet easy way to get -- to access the information. It will allow you to do payroll -- to actually do the payroll on the device in the August timeframe this year, but we found it was more important for the simplicity and amount of information. And I think we're the only ones that give the health and benefit information to the detail that we have in the industry, I think. So we really feel it's a leader out there.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think the most exciting thing for us is the health care reform. We're very excited about the opportunity to help our clients navigate through one of the biggest changes in their business in years, whether they're small or large, because they're going to have to react somehow in most cases to help their employees or comply with the law, if they're over the 50. And we're really excited about the products that we'll be rolling out in the fall that not only help them take the information and use it to determine whether they have to comply and how they comply and help them comply. But also then to help them even get to an exchange, if they want to go that way, to combine a lot of complicated health spending, health reimbursement and accounts -- and health spending accounts that can kind of come all, combine to 1 debit card. So that's probably the -- I mean, we're excited about all our products. But I think the response to health care reform that the team has done here is really extraordinary. And I think it's going to be ahead of the game in the fall.
Martin Mucci: Well, it's hard to say because we're just starting out. I think there's going to be so much confusion over it. But I think when you get into the second half of fiscal '14 and then you get into the kind of the second half of the calendar year, which is early '15, I think it starts to pick up speed, and frankly from there on in. Because I think there'll still be changes. People will be catching up with everything from a client perspective. I would say the next calendar year and into the following one.
Martin Mucci: Yes, but we felt good about -- as Efrain said, the second half was stronger than the first. And we really felt -- and not just in one area. The small payroll side was good, the 401(k) was strong in par and in our new business revenue and so was HR outsourcing and SurePayroll.
Martin Mucci: What we're seeing at this stage is a lot of request for information. So it's getting us in front of clients. But I don't think they're -- they're not making -- one of -- well, first of all, the products aren't there yet. But I don't think they're making their decisions yet. I think the summer and the fall is really where it's going to hit as they get into benefit enrollment. That's where they're going to really feel it. At this stage, they're still gathering information. But the information gathering has ticked up, but not in anything necessarily in making decisions.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think it's pretty consistent. I think that we focused a lot on revenue this year with the sales team in the last fiscal year. And so we did a really good job of driving higher revenue per client. And they focused a lot on that. I think, frankly, that took a little bit of the focus off of units, of selling every client. So it's a little bit of hard to tell in the numbers when we compare year-to-year. But I think we're doing pretty well. I think from a -- like when you look at from a revenue, new business revenue standpoint, some of our old favorites in CPA referrals, bank referrals are trending up. So I'd say overall, it's probably about the same. And I think we definitely will see an uptick this year as we did in the fourth quarter. I think when we did some incentives more toward balance of unit and revenue, we saw the fourth quarter really pick up, so.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think we never look to go backward. So I think -- we certainly feel it's sustainable, and we're always trying to improve it. I think we've done a really good job with -- first of all, I think the quality of the products and the service is very important to clients. I think the pricing is right, and I think we've done a really good job on maximizing both of those things, really, the combined performance and the pricing. So yes, I think it is. And we would expect -- always expect from our team a little bit better performance. So now, how far can it go when you have losses, and if sales pick up again, everyone knows it is more sales pick up, new businesses -- more businesses start. If we have that kind of pickup, it may cause some losses because you have more businesses starting up. But I think you could expect -- we certainly expect that it's going to be the same or a little better.
Martin Mucci: No, I think it's just -- I think we found a good place where -- and we've always said that the competitive environment is about the same, and I don't think it has changed much. I think we've got very strong products that compete very effectively, and I think our pricing is a good place. I think, as Efrain said earlier, we don't give out the pricing exactly, but I think you can kind of guess in the range that we're in, we feel that that price will hold, as it has in the past. And when you see the pricing that we've done in the past and record retention, we certainly feel good about the level of pricing that we're doing. So I think there's no big change there, except that I think we're able to hold the price well. And I think the environment is going to get any -- is get nothing but better from an overall environment -- business environment.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think on the private exchange side, what -- it'll be, for us, it's going to be a partnership. We haven't announced who that is yet, but we'll have a partnership that -- what we're trying to do is help the small client, in particular, who wants to provide health insurance to their employees. They don't necessarily have to, but they want to provide an opportunity for them by giving them, let's say, a pretax -- let's say, I want to give you just $200 a month toward -- in insurance toward paying your insurance. And you're a small business, I want to help my employees, I give them a pretax amount and they can go and give them away to go to an exchange and help buy that product. So what we'll get more there is a share of the kind of what the carrier is giving, which carrier they go to. And it will be multiple carriers that the exchange uses, obviously, insurance carriers. We'll get a piece of that carrier commission and then probably some administrative fees as well. And so what you got is a small business who doesn't have to provide the insurance under the law, but wants to help their clients -- wants to help their employees and wants to give them a pretax option as well. So we can give the pretax process and we can help them kind of channel their employee to an exchange to help them select what's the best plan for them.
Martin Mucci: I think it would probably be a little bit less because there's a middle person there in the exchange that'll take a piece of that as well. That's not quite worked out yet, but I think you can expect that it'd be slightly less because there's someone in the middle that's going to work the exchange.
Martin Mucci: I think it's not mix. I think, Tim, what we saw was a little bit lower check growth in larger clients and a little bit faster growth in smaller clients. When the mix came out, it ended up at about 1%. I caution until we've had a couple more quarters -- we get a lot of volatility that -- this year, if you remember. So we went from 2%, first quarter, 1.2%, 2.3%, 0.9%. So we just saw some volatility in the numbers that may have been a result of mix issues and also kind of where we ended a particular quarter. So we'll get a better beat on where we're at next quarter. I do think the trend is down though. I mean, the trend is moderating downward.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think what we've seen -- we haven't seen the new business starts reflect the things that you can see coming -- that appear to be coming, which is the new housing starts and so forth. We think that we'll start to catch up and it'll start to pick up a little bit. But remember that sometimes that new business is starting as opposed to others hiring. And so there's a mix in there. But I think, as Efrain said, we want to look at a couple of quarters of this because it has bounced around quite a bit this year. So the fact is it's still up 13 quarters in a row, which we've never really seen before, so that's still very positive. The hiring is just more gradual, but continuous. And we expect it to moderate. This might have been a little quicker than we thought, but again, as Efrain said, I think there's timing in there and mix and other things, and we watch that for 1 quarter or 2.
Martin Mucci: There was a -- there's a slight increase. We did a pretty good expansion last year in the 2% to 3% for more territories, and also went after different teams on franchises, banking and so forth. So I think we feel pretty good about where they were. We did some adjustments. But it was, I would say, it's below 3%, so within the 2% range.
Martin Mucci: Yes. So this might be the difference between looking at it, Mark. Small, to us, when we talk about small, we're talking about core and that's under 50. What we did see is we saw -- as we said earlier, the revenue go up, focus on revenue and a little bit larger client. But that's the difference between going after the under 10s, let's say, and the under 20s. And that brought us up a little bit.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think we're already seeing some -- we've already rolled out some of that, but some major changes come out in the next 6 months, frankly in the next few months, and then, again, in the December -- November, December timeframe. So I think it's just -- we're continuing to roll out releases about every 5, 6 months. And the biggest impact there will come in the next month or so, and then in the last part of the calendar year. So that will -- that's when more product and functionality is on that application, on the Paychex Next Generation application. And -- but we're also, of course, acquiring other products that kind of roll in and support that team. The ExpenseWire, the mystaffingpro, those SaaS-based solutions also support the existing application and the existing client base, as well as new ones. So we expect to see a lot of opportunity for the mid market space this year.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I guess I would just say when you think about the absolute -- one, to make a final decision is it's going to happen for a lot of companies with January 1, when they change their -- when the requirements go into effect. I think a lot of companies, particularly small and midsize businesses, don't make a decision on that until the October, November timeframe when they get into benefit enrollment. They're starting now to ask for a lot of information about it, and I think that's going to heat up over the summer. And then I think we'll start to see a lot of activity in the September, October, November timeframe. And when you start to think, "When does that really start to have any impact on us," that's more into the first half of next calendar year. That's past January.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Yes, I think that would start more in the fall as they get into benefit enrollment. Yes, I'm just -- I -- the question was more about when do we start to see an impact. I think we'll see an impact in sales. We're starting to see activity now and more in the fall, and then I think it'll start to have an impact. But our revenue and you think of the revenue per client, that's going to take a while to make an impact. That will start more in '14.
Martin Mucci: Yes, yes. In this economic environment, as Efrain went over a lot of the numbers, that new business starts still aren't really picking up. So we're feeling, honestly, pretty good about the growth in the sales we're seeing in this kind of environment. We're always pushing on every different piece we can to push it even higher, and maybe there's some opportunity, but we feel the guidance is pretty solid where it is.
Martin Mucci: Some was -- some were new, some we're keeping and some we're taking a little bit more -- some were shared, and so we've done a number of these now. So there are some that are new. We haven't -- I didn't list them all. We picked some that were new, some that we kept and some that we -- they were sharing before and we got it.
Martin Mucci: No, I think we're still doing a really good job with GPAs [ph]. We've reached our kind of -- we're in the 10th year now of our referral relationship with the CPAs where they refer us. That's been going on for 10 years. That continues very strong. I think you're going to see the banks have picked up already and will continue to pick up. Web search is obviously picking up some. And I think the only thing that was a little bit slower was current clients. And I think a lot of that is because there wasn't the new business growth. When you trace that back, it's really that a current client didn't necessarily open up a second location or a third location. And so that hurt us a little bit. But the activity of the sales force is very good, and I think most of the dynamics are pretty much running the same.
Martin Mucci: It's pretty small to start, but we think they have a fantastic product that has won a lot of awards from a SaaS-based model for talent acquisition. And I think it fits in really well with our mid market plans. And so it's really small to start, but I think it's going to take off for us and help us with not only new sales, but retention in the mid market space.
Martin Mucci: All right, thank you. At this point, we will close the call. If you're interested in replaying the webcast for this conference call, it will be archived until about July 29. Thank you for your interest in Paychex and your participation in this call. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Bryan Keane: I wanted to ask about HR Services revenue. It increased 13% for the fourth quarter. So it looked like it had pretty good momentum, although the guidance tempers that a little bit back down to 9% to 10%. So I just want to make sure I understand that.
Bryan Keane: Okay. And that's just -- it's not quite as strong just because of the pipeline you see through the sales channel or I just...
Bryan Keane: Okay, last question for me. I know we talked about new client growth being about 1% to 3%. It sounds like you expect that to get a little bit better this year. I'm just curious what gives you that confidence because it's been around that 1%, 0.5% for the last couple of years.
Timothy McHugh: Okay. Can you elaborate on why -- is there something about the expense growth throughout the year? Because that's unusual relative to your...
Timothy McHugh: Okay. And then last -- quick one for me. Just you mentioned the revenue -- I'm sorry, the checks per client moderating a bit in the fourth quarter. Can you talk at all about, I mean, the reason for that? Was there any -- is there a conclusion as to -- is it reflective of actual hiring trends or just mix, or a return to...
Timothy McHugh: It doesn't change -- you actually sound a little more positive on the macro because of construction than before, though. Is that...
Mark S. Marcon: Okay, great. And then I'm a little confused with regards to the new sales commentary from the perspective that, in the press release, we cite how well we did with the small businesses. But yet, it sounds like the average size of a client actually ended up increasing.
Mark S. Marcon: That's within -- okay, so within core Paychex, we ended up seeing a bit of an increase. But if you include SurePayroll into the mix, then the average client size probably went down since SurePayroll was growing at a faster rate.
Mark S. Marcon: Okay. And with regards to the revenue of the clients, the annualized contract value of the clients that you signed, it sounds like that did increase more than the 0.5% to 1% kind of unit increase that we ended up seeing.
Mark S. Marcon: Right. And then with regards to healthcare reform, any -- of your 570,000 clients, any rough approximation with regards to how many would be in that, say, 45 and above range? Because even companies that are below the limit probably are going to be sensitive to where they need to be.
Mark S. Marcon: Yes, that's when the revenue rolls in. But in terms of the sales and the sales pipeline, that would actually be in the fall and...
