Efrain Rivera: Yes. Glenn, thanks. Actually, our share count has been creeping up, so we're just trying to keep it more in line with what we've seen recently. I'd say we were in the market buying, last quarter. We do it opportunistically based on where we see the price settling. We won't -- we aren't necessarily committed to using the entire $350 million to purchase shares this quarter, but we'll look opportunistically to buy. I think with respect to the dividend, we had a nice increase there, 6% last -- in July we announced. We feel pretty comfortable with where we are with respect to dividend increase. So we'll look at opportunities to buy back based on what happens with respect to share price as we go through the year.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. It's -- I'd say what we always say at this time, Rod. So if I stop here and tell you where our client base is, it's grown from end of year, and we think we're on track to get to where we need to be. I caveat that always, that the selling season, because it represents so much -- a large portion of our sales, is going to dictate whether we get net client growth. But we're off to a good start, and we feel pretty good. To the extent that you're wondering why growth was 2.4% versus a higher number, that really has to do with the calendar and the amount of processing days in Q1 of this year.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So I think, certainly, over the last 3 years, what you've seen is that we start a little bit slower in terms of ramping spending in the year, and then by the time we get to fourth quarter, then our spending goes up. So I think we'll follow the same pace this year. We're not intending to leverage the same way we did this quarter in future quarters. So our margin guidance, we feel pretty comfortable about where we're at.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So from an expectation standpoint, it was about where we expected. Look, 0.1% would have rounded us up to 3%. It really -- now we're really splitting hairs. We knew that we were going to end up with 1 less processing day in the quarter, which is what's driving that low number. It will normalize as we go through the year, and that's really kind of what's driving the lower payroll revenue number. Obviously, as we sit here, we have 4 months of results that we know. We feel pretty comfortable at least through next quarter, if not a bit beyond that, that we're going to be in the range on payroll service revenue.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I think we're in the middle of that range. I don't think we're ready to say it's at the low end of the range. Actually, if anything, Jason, I think we are -- we've got 4 months of sales results and feel pretty good about where we're at.
Efrain Rivera: No, not really. Brazil will be really, really negligible this year. We're really just getting ramped up. We'll have a little bit of additional revenue from Germany, but it will be pretty immaterial to our results.
Efrain Rivera: No, it moderates in the back half, Kartik, because we're still anniversary-ing the repeal of the -- or the expiration of the payroll tax credit. So in the back half of the year, it will normalize and then we'll be back to more kind of an inflation plus 1 kind of range, maybe 3% or so. In other words, so we won't have the benefit of that expiring payroll tax that occurred in January.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I think that's roughly it, Tim, yes. So just to clarify a little bit. So you have the days, but there was one less business day in this quarter, and it will normalize through the year.
Efrain Rivera: It's pretty modest, Tim. So we won't disclose the actual amount of sale. But it certainly increases our footprint.
Efrain Rivera: I think size of client is not a significant change, Sara. But I would say that we've given the sales force now a range of products that they can sell as they go in, including, for example, time clocks, and that has been successful. So they have a range of products that they can talk to clients about. And I think they've got the right incentives in place to drive higher revenue -- get the right revenue per unit.
Efrain Rivera: Price increases, I think we've given you the range so you'll be able to kind of see that flow through the P&L as we go through the year. It's partly some price increase, but really, it's more being able to capture higher revenue with clients because they've got a more complete bag of products they can sell.
Efrain Rivera: Well, I think I'll let Marty talk about the details of the technology a little bit more. But I think that through the balance of the year, this is probably one of our biggest years in terms of technology releases that we've had. So that investment is going to continue. With respect to looking out beyond this year, it's tough, Sara, to call that precisely because, obviously, the market keeps changing. We understand that we need to continue to make investments, and we evaluate that year-to-year in terms of what we need to do to our product suite to remain at the leading edge. And I would just say this, I don't -- I wouldn't characterize what we're doing now as playing catch-up. In important respects, we're ahead of competition, and we want to remain that way.
Efrain Rivera: I'd have to look kind of where we're at here, but we haven't changed the guidance. So I think you just have to adjust based on where we ended the quarter.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I'd have to look at what you're looking at, Ashwin. So if I look at first quarter of last year, the sequential comparison between Q4 of the prior year and the first quarter last year would have been the worst sequential growth we've seen. We were only at less than 1%. So I'm not entirely certain your -- what numbers you're looking at. Because we were at 1% a quarter ago -- a year ago quarter, and we're about 2.5% this year. So I'm not sure about the sequential growth. [indiscernible]
Efrain Rivera: Without getting into kind of a long discussion on what the details of Q1 were, I think what you have to step back and look, because recurring revenue businesses like ours are sensitive to the amount of days and the kind of days in the processing period. And what we've been looking at is, last year, we had about 2% payroll growth. There were a number of unusual factors in that -- in-year, not the least of which was Hurricane Sandy, and we're guiding to 3% to 4%. So I don't think the trajectory is downwards. Actually, this year the trajectory is upward, and we still feel comfortable that, that's where we're going.
Efrain Rivera: And we disclose a lot of our -- a lot of information in that respect. And you can see that our revenue per client has been going up, and it's driven by that approach, frankly, across all of the product sets that we sell.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So I don't think, necessarily, it's going to drive margins up, not because the profitability or the margins on these products are different than core. They're actually comparable. I make this point when I'm asked frequently that the profitability of HRS services, with the exception of insurance, is basically very close to what our payroll services profitability is. So it won't necessarily drive margins higher because the margin on these products is higher. But what you will see, as you get higher revenue growth, you have more opportunity to leverage. And so from that standpoint, higher revenue growth or more rapid revenue growth is going to drive better opportunities for leverage.
Efrain Rivera: We are. Obviously, I have a responsibility, Marty does, too, to make those investments wisely. So we take that responsibility seriously. But yes, I think that's the direction.
Efrain Rivera: So I want to be careful because you had a negative in there, George. Let me just state a positive, we should see a sequential increase in Q2.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So we're about a little over 3, about 3.3 years in duration. I will say that interest rates have really bounced all over the place in terms of the intermediate municipal market. We've seen swings of 40, 50 basis points, 30, 40 basis points. So we're a little bit cautious in terms of how we're investing and staying a little bit shorter than we otherwise would because we think interest rates are going to bump back up. But with the recent pronouncement by the Fed, they came back down. We think second half of the year, they'll bump back up. So it's been pretty volatile in the intermediate-term municipal market. We're just approaching it somewhat cautiously in terms of extending.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So what happened there, Jim, is that we -- workers' comp costs in the PEO this quarter, compared to the other quarter, were up. That's partly due to growth in the PEO and so that impacted the growth rate a little bit, just the way we do the accounting.
Efrain Rivera: It did bump up. I would say flattish. We don't want decline too much. If we can get it down a little bit more, we'll try to do that.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I think so, Mark. Look, it's becoming increasingly difficult to call where interest rates are -- not that you have that much of a crystal ball to begin with, but hard to call where interest rates are going to be. So I would say that's our assumption right now.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. Mark, I think you also may be asking about what happens in the smaller portion of the market. So on the lower end of the market we view many of those clients eventually gravitating into exchanges, but we still think there's an opportunity in the mid and upper portions of the market, which is the way we've directed our strategy over the last 18 months.
Efrain Rivera: That's correct. As I said, when I had many of these calls, 38.4% is approximately 38%. 37.8% is between 37% and 38%. So we're not going to call it any finer than about 0.5 point if we felt it was going to be beyond that. And obviously, if you look at our guidance last year and what we did, where we have opportunity to leverage, we'll take it and then move on. And we set a very high bar for ourselves in terms of how we spend. We don't need to spend, we won't spend. But at this point, 38% is as close as we're calling it.
Martin Mucci: No, I think the best opportunity was to partner with Semco. They were somebody who has helped other companies get started in Brazil. They have great connections there, great experience, very well respected. And we thought that the best way for us to get there, and get in there the quickest and most successfully, was with someone like Semco. So as we looked at various partnerships, they were certainly the best, and I think we'll move the quickest with them as well.
Martin Mucci: No, it's a partnership. They'll help us get started in there because of the connections and experience, but we're already working with CPAs in that area directly. We'll be running it day-to-day, and we'll be working with CPA and the CPA community to get the referrals and everything. That's already started actually, as we gear up for a first quarter calendar start.
Martin Mucci: No, we -- Dave, we don't give that much -- we've never given that much specific on the sales. I will tell you though that we've now seen at least 3 quarters now, and of course, we get an extra month in here that -- since we released the quarter. We feel very good about the sales execution, particularly in those markets. I mean, they're -- we're really seeing some nice sales growth, and we don't typically quantify it. We talk a little bit about the selling season after the January quarter. But we do feel very good, and it's very consistent. So even though small business starts haven't quite picked up as much, our execution on the sales side is going very well.
Martin Mucci: I think it's a combination, and I think the execution is very good. We've got some new leadership in there over the last couple of years. I think we've gotten some very good training programs underway. And I think the product execution has been good. The mobility platform is completely solid now and has been out there. We've been introducing a number of other products and so forth. So I think it's product innovation, I think it's execution by the sales team. And I think, businesses -- I think that CP -- like the CPA relationships, the referrals are picking up again. And so where new business starts haven't quite -- they're still a little sluggish, the CPA referrals have really started to pick up again very strongly. And we're doing well against regional competitors in particular.
Martin Mucci: Yes, sure. I think the -- what we've seen that we released in kind of the June, July time frame and then in the -- coming up in the November, December time frame, it's much more about, I would say, integration. Particularly for the mid-market space, the over 50, you're going to see much better integration of the product set. So we have a complete set of products, time and attendance online, HR administration, benefit enrollment, expense management and so forth. But I think here you're -- what you're going to see is much more integration of that. We've had single sign-on, but you're going to have a cleaner look and feel and integration between the products, including one of the key things for employers, which is the ability to update all of their employee information and do edits on that information. That will come even easier than it is today. So I think that what we feel is we're making this -- we have a full product suite, but the integration, the look and the feel and the use of the product by the client will be even better than it ever has been.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think, obviously, they have been a good competitor. They continue to be a good competitor. I think we're very much head to head in this mid-market and -- with some others, and I think we have a very competitive suite of products. We'll get even better in the fall time frame, and we kind of just keep introducing things. I've never felt better, frankly, about our innovation in our product suite than I have over the last few years, as we've introduced all of our mobility, a full suite that's out there now, including doing all the payroll online. And certainly, all of our online products, our SaaS-based product set, I feel very good and very competitive with everything that they're offering.
Martin Mucci: Yes. We feel good about the price increase and how that's holding. We feel good about the sales performance and -- now for 3 or 4 quarters actually. And we're feeling consistent that we'll certainly be in our guidance range, and we feel very good about that at this stage.
Martin Mucci: No. They really haven't changed. We've always given them some flexibility. We don't say how much, for competitive reasons, but they've always had the same level of flexibility. And I think the one thing that we've seen over the last -- this is the second year now, second fiscal year, is definitely an increase in the revenue per client that they're selling, though. And so we feel very good about their managing. They're incented to sell for the most revenue they can. That's how they're paid, is a percentage of the revenue that they sell. So they certainly have an incentive to sell -- to get the most revenue for the sale. But at the same time, they have flexibility to discount within reason, and that has not changed. But in fact, I think the results have gotten even better. I think it's just better execution from the sales force.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think the opportunity is that we -- the good thing is we have the products out. We got them out early. We have very -- a complete -- everything, from the shared responsibility kind of report to a better -- to a more full, complete monitoring service right to the full exchange to be able to help clients, with a combined card that you can put everything on the one card and -- FSA, HSA and HRAs and then even get to an exchange. So I think the opportunity is good, and I think that we were well ahead on this one to get the products out in front of clients. I think the only negative is that with all the confusion and then the delay of the employer side of it, I think people are still really kind of up in the air as to what to do, particularly small business. And I think that will start to clear out a little bit here, the next few months it looks like, as the exchanges have now opened up, at least signing up for the exchanges today. And I think that, that will clear up. So I think it's a nice opportunity. We have not baked a lot in, into our forecast, for that because we just think it's a little bit too early to know what it's worth. But I feel really good from a product standpoint, also from a training standpoint of our sales teams and the fact that it gives a lot of good opportunity for us to just go in and talk to the clients and prospects about it. So good opportunity, still a little bit early to tell how much it's really going to be worth to us.
Martin Mucci: I would say roughly it's about the same. But if anything, we've seen the revenue on the sales go up per client. So I think, if anything, maybe it's dropped a little bit. We were getting stronger on the price increase that we did. So I would say that the discounting is the same or even slightly less, given the revenue per client that we're seeing coming in on the sales.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I'd like to address that one because it's not the case at all. The growth internationally is something that we started to take a look at, actually, a couple of years ago. We're trying to push growth always. And so we decided -- Germany, we've been doing well in Germany, but we had not put a lot of attention on it, in my opinion. And so we felt that there was opportunity to really grow there, so we went off looking for acquisitions and other ways to grow. We added sales reps there to our existing operation and then look -- and continue to look for acquisition opportunities there because we're there, we already have a good presence, good reputation and we're trying to grow that. Then we said, "Look, what other countries do we think would be the best to go into to add to our growth?" And Brazil, with it's going 5 million to 6 million businesses, small businesses, and some changing regulatory environment, which are going to require more electronic filing and more difficulty for small business to do things themselves, decided that, that was the place to go and went off with Semco to start that operation in the next few months here. And then, we're looking at other countries as well. But it's really not at all about thinking that the U.S. market is behind. We feel -- actually, I probably never felt better, certainly in the last 3 years, about our sales execution, our product set and the level of client service and retention that we have. So we feel good about the U.S. market. We've added sales reps over the last couple of years, and we target them at different growth opportunities, including, like we said, the franchise environment, where we picked up Subway's recommendations [ph] and Tim Hortons. We've gone after bank channel much stronger. So it's really just a chance to go at growth in every different way that we possibly can.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Our approach, Tim, would be much more about going for fewer and getting a stronger hold in those countries. So expand Germany because we already had a hold there and really, take a bigger market share there; go after Brazil because of the big opportunity we think there, and growing, and the regulatory changes; and probably another country that we're looking at. And it could be just payroll products or it could be actually an expansion of the product set that gets us into that country. But it would be fewer countries with more presence would be the way we'd go. We think it's more efficient and certainly, has a better level of success and margin for us.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think if you look at it from a size of clients and revenue, it's significant from where we are today, but it's still a small piece of our overall revenues and so forth. But it gives us a nice pickup in the Berlin area, where we were more in Hamburg and some of the other cities. We now have every major city in Germany, and I think we'll really get the name known well.
Martin Mucci: I don't know if I'd say it's material. We didn't really bake much in for the guidance and so forth because we just didn't know how it was all going to play out. So I would say we're expecting it to start to pick up steam this quarter a little bit, but I don't think it's going to have a significant revenue impact, knowing the size of our clients and what we charge and so forth, until next year. I think we'll start to see some pickup, and we'll be able to give you, I think, a lot better feel for it at the end of the second quarter and into the third.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I'd say it's still pretty consistent. The 2% to 3% kind of growth in sales force is certainly consistent. And the win rate, the competitive environment, I think, is very similar. I think it's competitive, but we haven't really seen the win-loss rate change much -- too much at all. But I think what we're seeing is a lot more activity in presentations starting to pick up, and therefore, when you're winning even the same amount at more presentations, you're obviously starting to pick up some wins there.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think we are seeing -- while I don't think new business starts have -- they are still a little sluggish. I do think in certain areas of the country, where -- I've talked about this before, where housing is starting to pick up, home sales and building of new houses are starting to pick up, that's giving us a little bit uptick in new business starts there. Online, we're certainly -- search is becoming a bigger part of our referrals, and I think we've done a really good job on our website of attracting the search and then capitalizing on it from a sales perspective. And then, if your question was also online interest, just online for our online payroll's certainly picked up interest as well. Now with our model, clients have a dedicated payroll specialist but they can go online to do -- to make changes, to do their payroll if they want, the next week go back to the specialist. They always have that specialist dedicated to them, though, to help them through it, answer questions, et cetera. So we've seen a pickup in the online interest of all of our clients as well, as you'd probably expect.
Martin Mucci: I think we're -- obviously, we feel very good about the 11% pickup in the first quarter over last year with HRS, our HR outsourcing and 401(k), et cetera. We're feeling good about it. One quarter doesn't make a year, so we're not ready to change guidance or anything because there's some tougher comparison there as well. But we're certainly feeling very good. 401(k) continues to be very strong. We still lead in that marketplace. We have more 401(k)s than anyone else, new or existing, from our recordkeeping. Our work with financial advisers has been very successful. That was a group we really started last year. And going after larger plans also has been very successful, so 401(k) doing well. And with all of the health care reform, the PEO side of the business, as well as ASO, but PEO picking up some steam, too. So I think we'll know more in the next quarter as we head into selling season, but it's -- all of it's going pretty well.
Martin Mucci: Yes. We've tested that out. Actually, I think I've mentioned it before, that we've been testing that. We're trying it at different ways to sell merchant processing with a partner and -- who do the actual processing, but we've been selling it because of the access. It's starting to pick up. It's still small, and I would say we're having some success with it. But we're trialing it, and we'll have, I think, more evidence here in the next quarter or 2, trying it different ways. Other markets, other adjacent things, we're certainly looking at, and I think you'll hear from us soon on some other things that we're looking at getting into, where we think we have such a great distribution model with our sales force, as well as our web work -- website work, that I think we've got some other adjacent products that we'll be able to introduce as well.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think that the investment in the technology will continue. I think we've mentioned before that it kind of peaked out, so I don't think we'll see big increases in that continue. And our focus is always on balancing spending -- increased spending for growth opportunities. We're trying to drive the top line growth, and we'll balance that with always trying to leverage. So I don't think you're going to see margins drop off. I don't think they're going to go up dramatically. But we're always looking to leverage the revenue dollar as we increase and maintain industry-leading margins out there for operating income. That's certainly our goal.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think we've always had a lot of different bundles that we offer. And I guess what I would say is bundling has been very good for us, in the fact that we've continued to drive up the revenue per client, particularly in the last 2 years. Now we had some pricing changes we made a few years ago in a bundle that lowered that price, and -- but we made adjustments to that 2 years ago, last year. And so the bundling has been good, and the bundles have driven the overall revenue up per client. So to us, the economics have been good. You're selling a full suite of products, it's easier for the client, it's easier for the sale, and it's driven up the revenue per client on new sales. So we feel pretty good about it.
Martin Mucci: Yes, definitely. I think, at least dilution, we're trying to cover dilution, which is not something we've been that active in before. And it's because, really, the dilution wasn't that much. But share count, as Efrain mentioned earlier, has really -- has picked up some in the last year or so as the stock price went up. So we're definitely looking with the board -- with what the board approved to manage at least dilution.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think when you look at -- this is really in the 50-plus space, where you see Time and Attendance online, our product that we've had for a number of years, HR administration, BeneTrac, our online benefit enrollment offering. And then now we've picked up ExpenseWire and mystaffingpro over -- in the recent past. As you attach each one of those, obviously, the more revenue per client. Not only do you get more revenue per client and the margins are just as good, but the retention of the clients are better as well because it's stickier. You've got more arms and legs into it. The biggest thing with a client is, "Okay, when I have these various products, how well do they integrate?" And so I think that from an economics -- from that standpoint, I guess a margin standpoint, it's better when we combine more things, and we've integrated the technologies more and more together. So we have a single sign-on, where you sign on to one place and get on. But now we want to make them -- you'll see them looking more consistently. You'll see them being able to use more consistently. We'll have a single place for updating people information, client, employee information. And so the attachment rate is obviously the strongest on the HR administration. In fact, I think we sell more HR administration. We lead with it, I guess I should say, as opposed to payroll, so the retention or the attachment there is very strong. The TLO, time and attendance online would be next. That attachment is probably just below the HR. And in fact, most normally, we sell that bundle of time and attendance, HR administration and payroll combined together in the 50-plus market with pretty high attachment rates over -- I'd say, over 50%. It won't get to -- certainly, over 50% because that's what they're looking for, that full suite of services. Under 50, we pretty much sell the whole bundle, and the attachment is there. So everything is attached. Obviously, the tax filing is close to 100%, and everything else is very close. We still have a lot of opportunity to sell add-ons. Of course, workers' comp insurance and all of our health insurance, they're still very low attachment and penetration at this point, but we've got a big base to go after and a big opportunity.
Martin Mucci: It is for the technology increases and the products rolling out in the fall, the rest of them rolling out in the fall. That's more, I would say, targeted toward that 50-plus mid-market. We have the product set and pretty good attachment, but still lots of opportunity on the under 50 on the ancillary products.
Martin Mucci: We have a bundled solution basically with the HSA, HRA and FSA together on one card that will help the client and the employee prioritize their payment. And it's tied -- we also can then help you get to an exchange through a partner. So it is -- but it is labeled, white label to Paychex exchange, but it's with a partner.
Martin Mucci: I don't know if we've released that yet so I'll -- let me look at that and see whether we haven't released that yet. And I want to be sure that, that's comfortable with them -- from their standpoint. But they're a big player in that market that have exchanges out there.
Martin Mucci: I think, honestly, Brian, I think it's really good execution. We had some turnover issues a couple of years ago, and I think as you bring newer reps in, they're not -- they don't have the relationships built up with the CPAs, the current clients, et cetera. That has really matured, our turnover in the sales force has been dropping. We're at a very good place right now, particularly year-to-date, on sales force turnover. As they build the relationships, the referrals come in. They're getting a lot more presentations in there. I also think that certainly the product set, the mobility platform, having a great mobile platform out there now on the smartphones and everything has been very positive to get them in the door. And health care reform has been a great opportunity to get in the door, start talking to prospects about health care reform and then that develops into a lead for more payroll and other products.
Martin Mucci: I think it will be very similar. I think health care reform would be a little bit different from last year and trying to provide information to new clients and prospects that -- trying to help them navigate through all that. But other than that, I think we'll have very similar approaches. This is something we've been in for a long time. So I think it will be a very similar approach. We know it's competitive. But between our current payroll specialists giving referrals, CPAs, banks and our web work and incentives and so forth, I think it will be a very typical, but I think a very successful, selling season.
Martin Mucci: No, it's still very -- been very similar, and they're doing very well both -- they're double-digit sales and revenue growth. And they've continued to really -- they continue to really hit that market, in particular. Again, they are doing it through some great work in their marketing and their website because everything is inbound, is drawing the clients in. But they're still seeing kind of the same demographics of the client base, and they're performing and closing really well.
Martin Mucci: Health care insurance. I think it's just the fact that it has brought it to light. Everyone is concerned about it. Everyone's confused. It gives you an opportunity to get into the client and discuss with prospects various options that we can provide. And having the experience and a good strong sales team out there in the health care side, health insurance side, I think it will give us some positive momentum. So I think both on the PEO and the health insurance we'll be very positive.
Martin Mucci: Well, international remains small as far as an overall view of everything, but it's giving us growth. And we think, long term, it has great potential, and that's why we went after it. But we knew it's a longer-term play. But we certainly feel very good about the opportunities that we're in now and are looking at. And then, on SurePayroll, obviously, if they can continue to grow double digits like they have been. I think it really got us into a market that we wanted to get into. It's online. It's that smaller end. And I think they continue to execute very well, same management team leading it and doing a really nice job. And I think that, that certainly will get more sizable to us.
Martin Mucci: All right. At this point, we will close the meeting. If you are interested in replaying the webcast of this conference call, it will be archived until approximately November 1. Our Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held on October 16 at 10:00 a.m. in Rochester, New York. That meeting will also be broadcast over the Internet. I thank you for the time that you're taking to participate in this call and for your interest in Paychex. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Timothy McHugh: Efrain, first, I want to ask, just to clarify on the processing day topic. If my recollection is correct, we had fewer processing days in the year-ago quarter as well. So is it one less than even you had in the year-ago quarter? Or is it one less...
Timothy McHugh: Okay. And it's as simple as we think about the impact of 90 calendar days and 1-day impact? Or how should we. . .
Timothy McHugh: Okay. All right. And then, I guess, just I had a high level, I guess. Can you talk about international expansion? So you've done Brazil and now you've announced Germany, a small acquisition there. Are you more aggressively going to be pursuing international expansion? And I guess, just to be direct, address the skeptic, the skeptical argument would be that, that's a sign you're less confident about the U.S. growth.
Timothy McHugh: Great. And then last, just on the Germany acquisition, can you give us any sense of the size of that in terms of, like....
