Efrain Rivera: Yes. That's one. That's an important one. Danyal there is changes and deductibility of executive stock comp and then there is other deductions to which we avail ourselves. So, the combination of all of those will drive itself from the 21% range.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. It's really is an understanding of the range. There is some complexity on a number of items in the bill that we are looking at. There also maybe some tax planning opportunities that we think we might be able to take advantage of and we are in that discussion.
Efrain Rivera: I think, Bryan the two biggest impacts of that and then there is one additional factor that could impact it in the back-half of the year. But if I go through the first six months of the year, what you're seeing are the impacts are going from an average client size in the upper 16s to about 16 and we disclosed that. So, we get that drag in the first half of the year and that's impacting us. On the pricing side, we, our pricing range is about 2 to 4 and we're netting around in that 2% range. So the combination of those two is driving us to where we are in the back-half of the year the wildcard will be how strong the selling season is, so we have a strong selling season we could start to build up from that number. And we are anticipating and hoping that we will.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, let me just add some new ones to that Bryan. So, the concept here is not that we simply reinvest and up the amount of expenses we have in the business. The idea is that we reinvest over a period of time over the next couple of years say, and that those investments pay out in future growth of the company in two forms. Number one, top-line growth, and number two could be earnings growth by becoming more effective and more efficient. So that's our thought process here, now that we think the current rate of spend needs to be upped and we have an opportunity, but instead that we have as Marty suggested earlier, the opportunity to take a look at a range of different projects both on the operation side and on the technology side to see if we can accelerate them. And if they were on a roadmap let's say it was three to four years could we do that into and can we start to pull some of those projects forward and we have a robust list of things that we are looking at.
Efrain Rivera: No that includes clients that run payroll. So, that would capture, so some of those clients have additional ancillaries, but we count them if they run payroll less payroll clients.
Efrain Rivera: I think the other thing I would add Kartik, the inability to deduct interest expense above certain caps makes certain targets more attractive than they otherwise would be at the margin. Now I just want to caveat that I'm not saying that we have a target in mind, but that those opportunities will be there, it's not a great place to be if you have a significant amount of that in your capital structure and companies like Paychex that don't operate that way can bring value in those situation. So, I would say at the margin those opportunities will be more attractive.
Efrain Rivera: Yes it actually, it actually could have an impact. So, I was reticent or we were reticent, we had a discussion internally about attempting the modified guidance with all of these changes going on. But, it's certainly could impact the composition of the portfolio which in turn could impact the effective tax rate. And the point I'm making is that, you may end up in a world where corporates are more, corporate taxable bonds or more favorable investment vehicles which would drive your effective tax rate up, but won't have much with a change in the bottom-line and we're looking at the composition of the portfolio to understand if it makes sense over time to change the shift from almost all municipals and some corporates to more corporates and fewer municipals. So, that's all part of the raft of considerations that we need to think about.
Efrain Rivera: And so the other thing Ashwin to build on what Marty says, our thinking as we go through, go forward is that, the tilt will be in the future towards comprehensive outsourcing solutions. So, bundling benefits, bundling other ancillaries that if there was a trend to do that in the past there is more and we think we have made, we have shown by our investment dollars that we think the PEOs going to be a beneficiary. But to Marty's point, we think there is going to be other areas of the business on the ancillary side that will benefit from more available cash in the hands of small business owner, small, medium size business owners.
Efrain Rivera: I think it's early and I think where you would see and where it would be easier to do is really on the PEO side more than anything else. But, I think we're early in the process to see what's going on.
Efrain Rivera: So, the impact we think will be between $200 million to $300 million on client funds, at the margin we think that's about a penny EPS going forward, I'm sorry on an annualized basis; I don't want to close an estimate revision at this point. This is yet another kind of guessed earlier about the portfolio, client funds will decline as a result of this, it's a modest impact given the portfolio, but it will have an impact on where we're rolling through all of those impacts to be able to speak with more certainty as we go forward.
Efrain Rivera: No, I think 26 was high, I don't have an exact percentage obviously 26 through the first half of the year, there were some unique items that occurred we had fourth quarter was artificially low and the per six months are probably a little artificially high. But we, I think double-digit certainly is where we're going, I think, I just add one other point on that, our cash generation has been tremendously strong. So, we continue to deliver high quality earnings.
Efrain Rivera: Well, I'd say this Rick, and then Marty can also build up on it. Hey if you got more in your award chest you are in a better position. So, I would say those who have in the award chest or in a better position to be able to compete in a landscape where resources matter. So, I would say we're that's one reason why as we looked at the opportunity we said there are, there are opportunities to accelerate some high value projects and opportunities and this is the time to start thinking about doing that over the next couple of years.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so it's primarily this year Rick. So, we may have some spill over capital into next year, but most of it occurs this year.
Efrain Rivera: It could, so if you look at what we've been standing we're in that, call it 3.5% of revenue range somewhere in that sometimes we bounce up a little bit higher to closer to 4%. You know that's sort of our normalized CapEx, I'm sorry, capital expense amount. We could bounce a little higher, if we saw projects that made sense. It's not going to - I wouldn't anticipate at this point that it would bounce up to the level that we're spending this year, because of the building.
Efrain Rivera: But the reason why, I don't mean to be flipping and that wasn't a flipped commented it actually is a serious comment. The process when you are doing this, is that you collect a lot of opportunities and Marty will sit down and management team will sit down and say what do we think are the things that really move the needle, as oppose to or just opportunities to spend and give us a bit of an incremental bump. And then we are going to go through a conversation at the board level to discuss what their comfort level is and then we're going to look at it all together and does it make sense, but from both and investor standpoint and from a business standpoint. And so, we're in any one and a half to two of that process it will accelerate certainly over the next month or so, but it is a little bit early. We know the opportunities there, we certainly would drop all of it into the opportunities, but we think we do have opportunities to spend and we're going to rank order them and then do that.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. Jason, I think the thing that beyond the things that I mentioned, the speed and the pace of ramp always impacts payroll revenue growth. And so, we tweaked it based on what we are seeing in terms of the pace of the ramp through the year. That I think it's our -- the reason we tweaked at this point.
Efrain Rivera: Deal, you always have integration cost. So there is the -- when we do a deal, we are assuming that we got to do a number of investments. And then, there is the amortization associated with the deal itself that had expense and that starts to lessen as the quarter grow -- as we go through the quarter.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I think it really boils down, you could kind of summarize it by saying last year we didn't have a fine growth. We talked a bit about why that was at the end of the year and a lot of that related to service disruptions and the spike and retention, I'm sorry, spike and attrition that we had, we dropped by a point. When you put that together with the result -- the sales results and the mix shift that we are seeing you are driving client -- I'm sorry, you are driving payroll service revenue to the rate that we are experiencing. So, I think was a little idiosyncratic now is that we are anniversarying some of that retention issue that we had last year and it's driving payroll service revenue down.
Efrain Rivera: It's not a pricing dynamic. I would say at the margin pricing is a little bit more competitive in small market payroll under 50 than it was last year. So, we are realizing about 2%. But, again, I'm comparing against growth against last year, where I experienced -- started to experience some of the defects in the back half of that year. So the front half is a little more challenge than the back half will be.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I don't know that I've got the exact number. We haven't disclosed it. But, I would say this David, it's pretty solid, it can certainly -- upper single digits, maybe double digits, I have to go back. But, I would say that's the range, I won't be more specific than that. But, I would say that's the range, I won't be more specific than that. But, I think the point if I can think about the point beyond your question, we have had obviously very good work side employee growth. But, its not all because of HROI, we think have work side employee growth on our PEO also.
Efrain Rivera: Not really David. I think there is a little bit more impact, by the way, I just looked it up, so the best that I will say, our organic work side play growth was double-digit. So we are seeing nice performance, Marty alluded to that. I didn't have the numbers in front of me, I looked it up. So, past service are not -- that past, I should say that, there is at the margin more pass through because of the addition of HROI. It's not significantly distorting the growth numbers. I would say as the percentage of business that we are deriving from PEO growth, you will see more. One of the thing I would say because -- advice as to whether we report it more regularly through that every single year, it's been 10k pass through. So, we look at whether we had that disclosure.
Efrain Rivera: We think that segment in the market David also continued to grow. And particularly growth in areas where HROI is strong and we are strong.
Efrain Rivera: So, I think we still feel comfortable with the guidance that we've given. So, that's where we peg it at. The reason why I'm not, I can't more specific in that that market, we are looking at the composition of portfolio and over the next three, four, five months it could change. So, but we are comfortable with where we are right.
Efrain Rivera: There maybe Mark. And I would just say its early in the process, so we are going to take a look at that.
Efrain Rivera: No. I know. I appreciate it, Mark. But, yes, we are not ready to quantify it yet. But there will be some benefit one-time.
Martin Mucci: Yes, Danyal. It's Marty. I think it's all of those. We are taking a look at the opportunities once we have a sense of the size of this. I mean there is some technology, what we are feeling good about the technology investments that we are making in the level that we are making. There are some things that are always there that we would like to accelerate. We would rather not mention those yet because we are kind of going through those and we want to talk to the Board about them as well in an upcoming meeting this quarter. But, it's a number of technology investments that could accelerate and we just think that it's a great opportunity to focus, it obviously take some to the bottom line, but also to take the opportunity to invest and sustaining long-term growth both top line and profitability.
Martin Mucci: Well, one thing we are seeing is, much faster than I think we have even expected by at least a quarter or so. The integration is going extremely well. The plan was to move -- to kind of combine -- a lot of the sales teams, not all of it, but a lot of the PEO sales teams across the country with HROI and we have got a very experienced sales and operations teams that we had in PEO and their leadership. And that seems to have really picked up the pace of the PEO at a great time for PEO sales anyway. And so, I wouldn't say we could quantify the benefit yet but it certainly right at the level that we expected and probably a little bit better from a sales and not a profit per se, but certainly integration of cost perspective both very positive in this first quarter with them.
Martin Mucci: I think it's a little bit early, we are right in selling season now and while we feel there is some momentum out there. I think that mid-market is very competitive as it has been, no real change to that and the number of competitors or anything. I don't see at this stage a lot more decision-making. I think we are still kind of as we said we are kind of -- we had a lot of decisions made because of ACA and we certainly aren't seeing it back to that level and if anything, I think it's a little slower, because people made those decisions for a fully integrated HCM model that included payroll and insurances and everything else. So, we're feeling good about selling season for mid-market, but I wouldn't say it's any, nothing like a big pop in demand like we saw when there was ACA. And ACA I think still very confusing, while the individual mandate is lifted, there is still, it's not clear what the reporting requirements are going to be and in fact that they don't seem to be, they are not eliminated yet, a lot of reporting requirements that will have to be done. And so we're seeing good retention on our ACA products and some interest in new clients and still taking those products to be sure that they can monitor, record and track and report or we can report for them their insurance.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think that's always a possibility we're looking at a number of opportunities in M&A and there is a lot of opportunity out there. Valuations are still pretty high, so we're being very selective, I'm very proud of the fact that we've, while we've looked at 100s of opportunities over the years. We've picked very few and we've been very selective which have turned out to be very good like advance partners like HROI, just recently SurePayroll, et cetera. So, we're going to be very selective about what we pick, the good opportunities out there, I would say that, we look at this as an opportunity to possibly invest a little bit more. I would say transformational is always out there, but it has to be really something that we're comfortable with it, if that is to happen.
Martin Mucci: Yes, it's obviously very early just passed, but I certainly think there is increased opportunity with anything whenever there is more complication and change, there is more opportunity for them to outsource right and say to go to someone. Look this is going to be a huge compliance workload in the next month to 45 days that makes take all the changes, the IRS getting through all this, everyone are understanding and getting back into forms and explaining it to clients. I think that's good for us, obviously could be, because the more complexity from that standpoint is not necessarily and typically complexity can stop new businesses from forming, I don't see that happening here in case and in fact some maybe encouraged as I think you are saying given the tax changes. And I think existing clients will find that the value of Paychex is really, they can really see even increased value of Paychex going through all of this change. So, I think there is some real opportunity there. From a selling season perspective overall, it's pretty early and you know we saw some momentum in November on the small business side, that we're hopeful we'll continue and we'll see, a lot of things are shifting. So, the go-to-market strategy that we put into effect which put more on the web, new changes in our website, putting adding chat to our website, making it easier for clients to search. Paychex understand what Paychex is and then buy either online or really buy, through telesales, it looks like it's really starting to pick up, but its early Dave, we'll have to kind of see, we need to get to the end of January to really see what the big impact is on the small business. HR, by the way HR services as we've noted and you've seen, growing very strong, very strong market for PEO retirement services and time and attendance for example, all growing well.
Martin Mucci: No I don't think so, I mean I think we've, they've ADP has always been a good competitor, I think we feel very comfortable with the technology investments that we've made in Flex and you know just introduced our new product bundles in October, our express product, payroll product on the low end. SurePayroll's investment, I think we feel good about the investments, but there is always some things that you'd like to do a little bit more in a quicker period of time and that's really from a technology side what we're reviewing is can we do that. It really hasn't, wouldn't haven't been influenced by ADP, they continue to be a good competitor and, and we feel very comfortable with competing against them.
Martin Mucci: Well I think, obviously that's a board decision, and so as we approach the next board meeting in the next month, that will be a good decision to have, I think the board has been very consistent with paying out a generous dividend, from when you look at others. But I think this, how big of a change that this is, I think they will continue to evaluate whether that's the proper level. But I don't have any doubt that we'll continue to be a leader in the way we pay out and it will be somewhat consistent certainly with what we've done in the past.
Martin Mucci: Well, I mean, no, Gary, I think that the growth that we saw was on the lower end of our client base. We didn't see declines in the mid-market in the terms of number of clients. But as a percentage of the client base, because the rest of the client base shifted down to lower size clients. We've been seeing over the less, I would say certainly last couple of years more growth on the low end of the client base than on the higher end of the client base.
Martin Mucci: Yes, Gary. It's positive feedback from a couple of different standpoints one is the bundles being a little more competitive by adding things that others competitors don't have, like paperless onboarding, the two mid-level bundles have paperless onboarding and there is new do-it-yourself handbook, we've always had a handbook product, but we is very expensive and so we give information to the client that we work with them, kind of personally over the phone or in person to put that together. We found that the new do-it-yourself online handbook that is a little simpler and its more self-directed by the client is getting very good feedback in that bundle. So, and then express on the low end is getting good feedback. So far its good feedback, it's early in selling season you really can't see it until January, particularly in small business and it's harder to predict. But we're doing positive feedback on it from what's in the bundle we think we kind of hit it right. So, we'll see how the selling season comes out.
Martin Mucci: I think both, one the integration is going very well, so we added good leadership at HROI and there experienced with a very experienced team on the Paychex side across the country. So I think that's been very, that's been positive and I think is helping the growth in PEO. But overall I would say there right now PEO is, really is doing well, HR outsourcing in general, but PEO is doing well. I think it's just because of all the changing regulations, and it's been very positive from that standpoint. When you think about it, if you just take just think about minimum wage changes and how many are in different states, what we're finding and I have mentioned this before, what these businesses are going through now is even before tax reform changes was the fact that well federal regulations are trying to be reduced and are being reduced to some degree, state regulations are making it even more complex if you are multi-state employer. Different minimum wage changes, Paid Family Leave Act is different in New York than New Jersey different from other states. And now, lot of rules are even coming out and scheduling employees. And so, I think it's just that a shared employer is getting a lot of attention right now.
Martin Mucci: Well certainly and you know we've already started those investments, Kartik we talked about how we really up the investment in digital marketing and in getting more leads we've invested in the website. We've now rolled out chat different forms of live chat on the website, because definitely what you are saying, small business micro in particular let's say less than five employees, there is 60% of the way through the sales process just in the search online by themselves and they are ready to buy. So the change that we made beginning of this fiscal year, where we added more sales reps and the virtual teams or telesales, has really started to pay off. And we're learning and tweaking on the leads and how to get more leads and how to do that and how to do in the most efficient way. But that certainly could be part of the investment. Now if you go back to what Efrain said though on top there to be clear, this is not just about saying okay we're going to raise the level of ongoing expense, but we're looking for some, is there some technology investments that could be made over the next, this fiscal, next fiscal, that while you're getting the biggest benefit of tax reform that we could accelerate those investments to maybe speed that up. So, no more feeling pretty good, selling season again, I won't comment, because it's too early particularly for small business, but I were very bullish on how the virtual sales is going to take off. The field that also gets very focused on, kind of the five plus and larger clients and has more time for that in the, when clients want to call in and buy telesales is ready to do it.
Martin Mucci: I suppose it depends certainly on the company and their profitability, right if its, if many of these companies at least if they are depending on their size and profitability whether the tax reform will even impact them or not or whether they have carry losses and forwards and things like that. So, I think it could have some impact, I don't think we're seeing that right now, but that certainly would measure into things that we're looking at.
Martin Mucci: Frankly, Ashwin, at this point they are not saying anything, because I think they are still trying to figure it all out. But I think that, they will certainly, if to the degree that a small business, gains or benefit on tax reform, they some, many in small businesses aren't that profitable, so they might not, pick up that much gain. But they will certainly I think the overall feeling is, hey they will have an opportunity to invest in their business hire more people and they will do it that way. So that they can expand, so that's certainly should be another positive opportunity for us to, even existing clients be able to add more employees which will help us with more checks. And they may now say okay, I can spend on a 401(k) and make a contribution. So I'll take a 401(k) and we're looking at all of our marketing to our clients and prospects to say, you may, this may be the time that you want to invest in health insurance, invest in 401(k) retirement plans or IROA, or something else that Paychex can provide to you and make it easy form as they see their benefit.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think you know as Efrain said, it's an interesting point when you think about there is companies that are going to gain from this, in our competitive environment and there is others that won't because, they don't have the profitability and the tax reduction that we're going to have and we will be able to invest more where others aren't going to gain that much. So, I think it will continue to put companies who are already profitable and who have been paying a high tax and now will pay lower that should help us to be, if we plan this right and invest correctly, this will make us even more competitive than we are today with some others who can't do the same level of increased investment.
Martin Mucci: Yes, look on the presentation we posted on the website it's a, CapEx it can be, I think we said 180 to 190 for the year, I think it's going to be come in a little bit lower, you can see what we spent in the quarter on the campus, one thing I would, I think it's very important to emphasize, I keep saying this the build out on the campus permits us to consolidate leases and save expenses on an operating basis going forward. So that's why we did not, no reason other than that. It gets efficiencies, but I should say from a financial standpoint, it was a very attractive deal for us.
Martin Mucci: I think retention has been very consistent through the year, so I think that's been positive, it's near all time highs that we had and we are rebounding back from last year where we dropped of just a little bit. So, I think it's been pretty consistent, pretty positive there. And again, we will have a good -- the best sense after January and certainly the same for sales. We don't normally Jason talk about it, until after we get through the selling season. But, we had some momentum in November and so it's always hard to tell exactly but we are feeling pretty good about it. And we will see how we come out with the new bundles for the service model changed with the sales, go to market stuff that we have done with the virtual team inside and the increase in web investment. We are feeling good, it's just early in, little tough to talk about until we know.
Martin Mucci: I mean just generally you are starting to head into that selling season. And it, we had some momentum there. That was specific to us, Tim. So, not in the macro sense but more specific to us. Just as you getting into this year end time, we felt pretty good about. The first part of the quarter was okay, it was kind of like, I'm sorry, first part of the second quarter, it was kind of like the first quarter. And then, November, seem to had a little bit of an up tick. But, it doesn't make the selling season. So, we hate the comment much more than that, just that if you are pretty good empirically, if you look at the HRS side of it, we certainly saw a nice up tick in the PEO side. So, I think we are feeling pretty -- I'm feeling pretty positive coming out of November. But, again, I could tell you a lot more after this next quarter.
Martin Mucci: Yes. It's been pretty consistent. We went over a million work side employees that we serve and that was -- that's without that was before HROI. So, I think that numbers are in that range. That's the range.
Martin Mucci: You mean, in general for the PEO, I think we are stilling looking at it consistently as we've always had. That's one of the things we liked about HROI. They were very consistent from a way they went after clients selected clients. We had a very good way to compliance wave there to look at it in underwriting and I think they were very consistent with that as well. So, I don't think we are increasing risk as we take on these PEOs as we taken on a company like HROI, because they are very consistent with the way we looked at it. And I don't see us getting more risky we don't see it that way. We have always been pretty careful on that and actually had a very strong PEO because of that we have to grow without taking and really additional risk over the parameters that we have always had in the past.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think -- I do think that you would expect that given the reform that you are seeing in that would drive some of that. We obviously, haven't seen it yet. But, you certainly get that feeling that will happen. We would take advantage of it by being out there and marketing to the fact that, if you are going to incorporate it as a small business for the first time in particular, you would best have someone like Paychex there to support you. So, I would think we are already looking at how can marketing take advantage of anything that comes out of tax reform and that is certainly one of them.
Martin Mucci: No. I don't think, we are ready, we are dealing working with the IRS almost daily on what's happening in and how we will be able to support them and that's the strength of a company of our size and our compliance team and tax team that they are ready -- they know it's going to be a scramble, they are expecting it. And we work very closely with the IRS to help them and work with them, so that everything is up and running as quickly as possible. I don't think it's not going to cost us additional expense in the quarter or something like that. I mean, truly there is going to be a lot of extra work, but our teams will be ready to do it. I don't see a big -- any big investment or change because of it.
Martin Mucci: I think -- Henry, I think the -- competitive environment is pretty much the same, everybody is investing, we feel very good about the investments we have made, in fact, we've really taken it to -- we have taken our entire development team really a year or more ago over to really agile teams. We develop and roll out changes much faster now. We rolled up to new bundles in October that include, so it's not just payroll bundles, they are bundles with HR components to them like paperless handboarding for our clients, so that you can basically recruit, post recruit, hire bring them on up in a paperless fashion in part of one of our bundles that they can buy or do it yourself handbook because we found instead of the more complicated handbook and more thorough handbook that needs personal interaction, more clients want to do it themselves and have a scale down, when they can complete at their own pace, and when they want to do it. And all that innovation has been quick and rolls and rolls out very successfully. And we haven't even talked on the call at all about mobile. Our mobile adoption and the use of our mobile app has picked up dramatically and it's been by -- more by the employees of the clients versus the employer. So, these innovations have been very good. We see tax reforms and opportunities, we have said a number of times to possibly accelerate a few things that are on the outskirts of what we wanted to do and bring them forward a little bit. But, we are very comfortable with our level of innovation and competitiveness in the market. And I don't -- I think it's been pretty consistent. We expect, you got to innovate, you got to have a great service, you got to deliver and I think Paychex and our folks are doing that.
Martin Mucci: I don't -- we haven't talked too much about formation itself. But, it's kind of flattened out, it's kind of back to the levels, pretty close to the levels that it was in the previous session. I think the big thing on this after this recession was how long it took. It didn't pop right back. It took a lot longer. But, it was sustained longer. The thing I mentioned earlier is, on our monthly employment report, what we are seeing is that job growth -- the small business job growth under 50 employees has moderated, but there is still job growth and consistent job growth. But, it moderated down as you would expect as we are around full employment. But, the wage increases are now picking up and part of that is scarcity of the resource because of full employment. So the wage increases are now getting up from that 2% and getting closer to 3% and running around 2.8% or so. And I think, so you are seeing pretty good wage increase, and then, you are seeing the moderate small business job growth that's all pretty positive. The thing to look out for maybe what was mentioned couple of questions ago, which is with the pass throughs and the tax reform, does that generate new business formation for someone who was not going to formulate a business before now it may make sense for them. We may see a pick-up in that just a little bit early to tell.
Martin Mucci: No. Really the product, the bundles were more since you are combining the features, making the pricing simpler in a way that we present it to the client. We don't see that is changing the revenue per client or what we are getting from in price. We haven't seen it yet. It's early, but didn't expect it, and haven't seen it yet.
Martin Mucci: Great. At this point we will close the call. If you are interesting in replaying the webcast of this conference call, it will be archived for about 30 days. Thank you for taking the time to participate in the second quarter press release conference call and your interest in Paychex. We appreciate it. Please have a great holiday. Thank you.
