Martin Mucci: No. I think what we are finding is that we are getting – we are seeing momentum on the sales side and we are seeing retention numbers that are very positive and heading back toward our all time best on the client retention. So we are feeling good about the momentum in the first half of the year. Of course, we are heading into selling season, we are in selling season, which is really an important time for us and we are feeling good at this point. We are seeing business kind of environment pretty good and certainly in need of HR outsourcing in particular, because of all the things that are going on with state regulations in particular. And I think that’s really helping what you are seeing is kind of that double-digit growth on worksite employees, particularly in the PEO business. So we are seeing a good need for the HR services and all of our products.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think as I said we are heading kind of – we are getting closer to that all time high in retention we had. I think that we are still seeing the same kind of number of businesses going out of business. I think we are seeing an improvement in those that left for service or price. I would say the competitive environment is about the same. There is always some pressure there, but we seem to be doing very well from a retention standpoint and from a selling standpoint. We have got some momentum there. So I don’t think we are seeing a lot different in competition and I think we are really holding our own and showing some momentum on the sales side.
Martin Mucci: Yes. James, I’ll hold that a little bit. We do expect it on a cash basis for it to be accretive. Their margins are at or above our margins on PEO. So that will be a positive going forward. We will talk more once we have closed the acquisition in Q3, but we think it’s going to be a nice add from a cash basis.
Martin Mucci: Sure. I think from an acquisition, we are always looking at a number of opportunities. I think certainly there is a number of other PEO opportunities there and we are looking – and Oasis was pretty active. As a private company, they were pretty active on the acquisition side, particularly on the smaller ones and being able to integrate those in. So we think that gaining scale in the PEO business is very good. Obviously that was part of this move is it gains us more scale with the insurance carriers. It picks up new markets. And we have been able to do some thing – we will be able to do some things, I think with Oasis clients that if they don’t fit in the underwriting, we can get them to our insurance agency which is the 20th largest insurance agency in the country right now. So we feel there is a lot of opportunity on the PEO side. In other areas, there are some acquisitions as well. I think we have been closed on a few, not too worried about, I mean we are always watching for the leverage, but from a debt perspective, but this was – I think we will be very successful in getting a good debt placement here. And I think that given our balance sheet and cash flows that we will have other opportunity to do more if we need to do it. We are always watching for that shareholder return and be sure that we are using cash obviously in the best way for our shareholders. And I think we have got a long track record of that, but acquisitions are certainly always on the table and we are looking at a number of things.
Martin Mucci: Jason, I think the interesting thing is the one thing we keep hearing is it’s just tough to get employees. And so for small to midsized businesses, it’s tough for them to recruit and retain employees. And one of the positives for us, because of that is they are looking for more benefits. They are looking to offer insurance. They are looking to be able to have better benefit enrollment kind of opportunities, better technology, self-service type of technology for their employees. And so generally, I think you still look at like the NFIB optimism, the business indexes are all near – still near historic highs and consumer optimism is high – consumer confidence. And so everything is high, but there is this concern about can I get the employees and we have heard where some small to midsized businesses have – and some of our surveys have actually said, hey, I have turned down some business, because I just can’t get enough employees to do it. But there is still – the good news is there is optimism that there is work to do. It’s just with a low unemployment rate, can I attract enough employees to get the work done.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think it’s always – it’s not as much price I think it’s going to be really the value of the technology and the service. And what we have been in this – Paychex has been in this for 20 years the outsource – HR outsourcing through both PEO and ASO and we have 500 HR specialists around the country that are dedicated to helping small and midsized business clients with their needs. So, you have good technology that they can use to enroll benefits and help their employees enroll in benefit, good insurance options for them particularly on the PEO side, the larger you get the more options you’re going to have from carriers and those are really important benefits right now as I said earlier on, because of the competitiveness of attracting and retaining employees and then it’s going to be that service piece, so from a client’s perspective, it is getting more challenging every day whether it’s marijuana use and whether it’s legal or not, whether to do drug testing, how to handle drug testing, immigration, minimum wage, paid family leave, you need an HR support as a small to mid-sized business New York just came out with the need for a non-harassment training, that has to be done by the pretty much of the middle of next year for a company of any size basically I mean, these are a lot of needs and that’s how you sell the HR outsourcing ASO or PEO. And PEO is becoming much more comfortable and things that well, it’s not just limited to Florida and Texas it’s a real need, and in this competitive environment for employees, that’s how you sell that is your service and your technology.
Martin Mucci: Yes, it’s a great question I think we’ve always had kind of the value of Paychex has been, I can offer you that full suite of products on our Flex system, everything fully integrated, real-time, mobile first design, single employee record kind of thing and we still offer that, however, you do find particularly in the mid market is more clients who say, hey look, I’m used to having this record keeper for my retirement services or I’m used to this time and attendance solution and I’m just not ready to get off of all of that yet and switch to you so what we have found over time is particularly in that mid-market, we’re opening up more and more APIs to say, hey look, you can stay with who you have if you wanted and of course, partnerships are always powerful from if you pick the right ones, to grow your base and do what you do best and things like QuickBooks were good fit particularly for the small and some of the lower end of the mid-sized for us so it’s just a way of broadening out, whatever clients want, they can get from us, however, the real value I think we bring still is that on Flex, you can have the full suite of products, you can have retirement, nobody else provides the suite of products that we provide with a single employee record in the technology and service.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think, Brian that when you this is a kind of perfect timing from a market standpoint the need for HR and the acceptance of PEO in particular, now you’ve got two teams as I said we’ve been doing this for 20 years, we’ve got a very experienced team they’ve got a very experienced team they’ve been doing acquisitions of smaller PEOs they’ve got insurance carrier relationships that we haven’t had they’ve got other markets where they’ve got more scale that we haven’t had it’s a good combination at a good time in the market to really grow and obviously through the double digit worksite employee growth, we’ve already been doing pretty consistently we expect this has really got a lot of more, as Efrain said, more revenues and top line synergies this isn’t so much about cost cutting as it is about growing the business been a perfect time in the market.
Martin Mucci: I think we’ve been fully staffed, pretty much for this year so we’re up, I think 3% to 4% maybe closer to 5%, if you put all sales teams in there and we’re feeling very good about that we have been able to fill those spots particularly in mid-market and in the PEO and ASO services, and they’ve got some nice momentum as we go into this as we’re in this peak selling season.
Martin Mucci: Yes, sure. I think obviously the due diligence, we’re very careful on that and how we look at the company, they have not taken risk, and we felt based on some not only our own but some third-party analysis, that they were in very good shape from a book of business and so we are careful about who we pick, but we’re very pleased with how Oasis look to us in the way they’ve been doing business and what their book of business look like.
Martin Mucci: Yes, obviously as you said, the first order is fewer businesses more going out of business that kind of thing but in second order, you’re right I think particularly in the environment we’re in now versus even 10 years ago, there’s a much bigger need now when there’s a downturn, how do I attract and retain employees? Do I have the right technology, so can my employees use mobile apps? Can I be so when can I be more productive and use my employees to be more productive to help me be more productive? They’re going to look for ways to cut costs, and using our technology and a lot of the self-service is going to help them to be more productive on the other side, they’re going to have to attract and retain more employees or if they may have to lay off or do something like that, they’re going to want to know how to do those things and do them right so that they don’t face legal consequences I think more than 10 years ago and that’s going to be an HR need for PEO, for ASO, time and attendance, you name it, I think those things will improve so second order, while there’s certainly a first order hit of businesses out of business, loss of jobs and so forth, that second order is okay, it’s more complex now, I need more help in other services.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think I do think that timing is by view we’ve certainly known them for a long time and been an had an eye on the PEO, we felt that our own PEO was particular with HROI now with our PEO, we’re really at a very mature level of leadership and sales performance and underwriting so we felt really good about where we were now than Oasis where it is right now, and the need in the market again as I’ve said a couple of times that HROI need is really picked up and PEO is not just a Florida, Texas kind of thing, it is really taking off now with the need for HR support and the acceptance of PEO of the PEO business has really taken off so I think we gained more experience, we felt more comfortable with how strong our existing team was, the integration of HROI and how well that’s gone and now it was time to take on the largest private PEO and make ourselves the second largest PEO, and frankly, the second largest HR outsourcer by worksite employees.
Martin Mucci: Yes, Tim, we typically be up around 2% to 3% and I think this is 3% to 5% is more like you’re adding the other work other sales forces in as well, so pretty much have grown across the board as we’ve talked about, we’ve moved some into what we call virtual for the – on the payroll, particularly, the small in payroll side we have moved inside in tele-sales, but we’ve also added a number of sales people on the PEO, ASO side, the mid-market side is pretty strong as well, and because we took a little bit of a dip last year, but we’re feeling good about the fact that we’ve got good momentum in the first half of the year, and we’re fully staffed as we’re in this peak selling season.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I would say it’s different bundles I would say it’s more of a bundled product these days and kind of taking that full, looking for a full product on a very low end, you’re still seeing, hey, I’m looking for basic payroll to help me get started in the business and that one to four or even one to two employees size but above that five employees size, you’re definitely seeing a larger interest and need for time and attendance solutions, HR support etcetera. we don’t necessary breakout percentages, but it’s definitely trended up, and that’s one of the reasons to expand on the HR and the PEO side is that where 5 years ago, David, you’d see, you needed 25 or 30 employees to really say hey I’m interested in PEO or in HR outsourcing, now that is honestly 10 to 15 employees, sometimes need that support, because of the legal issues today, the requirements of the States, the minimum wage changes if you’re multi-state employer, it is really tough even if you’re small, and these rules don’t apply to hey, you have to be 25 and above it’s typically like this harassment – non-harassment training that’s needed in New York, it’s like one employee and above, you have to do this training by the middle of next year so they’re seeing a lot more need so you’re getting much more of the approach, the go-to-market approach and sales is much more about the full package, and the HR, you’re leading much more with HR or a time and attendance solution etcetera. and the payroll is kind of yes it includes payroll, but the need is for much more of a fully comprehensive solution.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I would say that’s an interesting question I don’t have the number of the top of my head. I can tell you that our PEO is certainly covered, probably where the majority of our payroll population is but we definitely have scale of payroll clients and other products in those areas, where they are and we don’t have PEO so we think about it more as, there is in these markets that we’re expanding and probably 10 different new markets, where they have some scale and we have not built it up, it’s because we haven’t built up the PEO in those in those areas and we haven’t had the relationship with the carrier, the insurance carrier, who are the strongest in those markets and now we’ll have scale with that carrier in those markets, and we certainly have enough clients existing to be able to sell PEO into and remember, we sell PEO directly as well so we sell to brand new clients, and as we just talked about that’s a growing need, is they’re interested in PEO right up front they are interested in HR outsourcing right up front, they’re not it’s not just the payroll base that we’re selling to so while we have clients there I’d say the majority of our client base payroll client base, we have covered with PEO, but these new markets, we certainly have thousands of clients that we can sell into, but again, we sell the PEO directly to brand new prospects.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think I see, it’s been very interesting, I think even there’s so much confusion in the marketplace among everybody, of course, as to whether it’s in or out we have actually there’s still been plenty of notices that have gone out to clients and non-clients of ours that have said, hey, you have a penalty, and you have to respond to this and so even though, it feels like it’s people aren’t sure whether it’s on or off, clients are still getting penalties from previous years, saying that, they owe significant sums of money we have been very successful in helping not only our clients, we’ve also offered a service, where if you weren’t a client of ours, but you have a penalty notice and you want to come and talk to us, we’ve been able to help a number of clients and have abated a significant millions and millions of dollars of potential penalties for them so it still is a very much a talking point to new clients and a retention point to existing clients that they need to report, they need to keep the information to report, and that they may get letters from the government saying, you owe something and you’re going to need support on how to get out of it.
Martin Mucci: And the point I made you made earlier that in the on in such a low unemployment rate, these small and mid-sized companies are really looking to someone to help them have better insurance benefits, offer insurance benefits, help them enroll their employees in these benefits, because they’re having to compete with really large companies and what their benefit plans are.
Martin Mucci: I think yes, certainly will be looking at that and looking at how what Prism, the flexibility in the offering of Prism, which we think has been very solid for their clients and certainly Flex is for ours so we’ll be looking at the two platforms and it will be further down the road, that is not a necessarily a big savings or anything a synergy that we’re counting on there, because this is more of what provides the best client service and technology for their clients for our clients, and we’ll be looking at that, but that’s not a big part of the synergy is to try to save and that we want to make sure it’s a great experience for the clients no matter what platform they are on.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think the all-time best was around 82% and as I said we’re approaching that best. I think you make a good point that certainly as you take more products that’s always been part of our model, as you take more products and particularly HR, that drives better retention. But you still have to keep in mind that 80% of our clients are under 20 and many of those still take payroll only and so that will make it more difficult to get that retention much above that kind of all time high we’re always looking to do that there is certainly the possibility is there if they take more products and that their client and that their employees are more tied into things like our mobile app and the technology but I think it’s a little bit tough given the dynamics still at the base.
Martin Mucci: Well, it’s always hard to say before we get through kind of this next this current quarter this third quarter, because the selling season is such an important part of it but we are feeling momentum kind of across the board, whether it’s on the small end of payroll, the mid-market, we’re feeling momentum pretty consistently certainly as well as we’ve talked a lot about the PEO and ASO, time and attendance, retirement, really seeing pretty consistent momentum across the board.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think definitely, the sale is about what’s best for the client and what where do they see the most value we certainly try to make sure that we demonstrate to them that, the vast majority of our clients are still taking a full service, full Flex offering, because of the great benefit of a single employee record, a unified user interface that whether you have retirement you’re on one platform no matter how much you grow for payroll and HR, and that it’s fully integrated so when you’re taking Flex, when you just think of what we just offered in the last quarter, the learning management system, the Flex learning management is giving you training, we are building that into some of the bundles, some low – free training and then you can build and design your own training to tie that into performance management, that ties to your payroll, that ties to your workflow for HR. So I would say the vast majority are still sold as the full bundle, but you do find in the mid-market, there are clients that say, hey, I am just not ready to make a full switch, if I am already up with a retirement provider or a time and attendance solution and okay, if that’s the way you want to do it, we will go with an API and we think that’s efficient. But in the future that also gives us an opportunity to go back to them and say, hey, this would be even better if you bought more services on the Flex platform.
Martin Mucci: Yes, sure. And it’s very much about again that top line as we have talked about that really the revenue synergy, the growth synergy. So when you talk about like a carrier relationship, we have had very good carrier relationships, but not with all carriers, because of the markets that they are in and we are in. And now when you go into new markets and you have a strong carrier relationship and now you – let’s say, you double the size or you increase the size tremendously. Now, when you go to those carriers, they are much more interested in giving you more attention to say, hey, let’s give you the best benefit packages, let’s give you some more support as far as the integration with the carrier, you are dealing with the carrier customer support from the carrier, you are just a larger customer and they are going to give you a lot more support therefore you can offer necessarily more benefit options, packages to clients to be able to give to their employees and a better benefit enrollment experience. And so just think of it from that sales perspective. And then just when you think about all of the various markets and then – so there is that – that are just additional markets, where they are in that we are not as Efrain said. We have been in primarily Florida, California, Texas and Georgia and they are in different markets. And now we have some clients there, but we weren’t scaled enough necessarily to deal with those carriers. Now we are going to be scaled between the two of us to be larger in those markets that opens up a great possibility. And also you are dealing with a PEO that didn’t have an insurance agency with it. We have an insurance agency that top – the 20th largest insurance agency. And when you don’t fit the underwriting profile for PEO, they couldn’t go anywhere else for that. We now take these clients and say, hey, if we can underwrite you as a PEO client, I have an insurance agency product that I can offer you for insurance. So now, you have just opened up a whole new opportunity for them and their PEO clients can now buy retirement services from us, they can buy time and attendance solutions from us and a lot of things that were much larger at that they didn’t necessarily offer to a large variety of their customers.
Martin Mucci: It’s pretty – I think it’s pretty early, because I don’t see the – I don’t see the requirements from states or federal government frankly getting that much easier, particularly the states. And I think that more and more clients – and then as the economy has gotten more, it’s gotten tougher from an unemployment. So, unemployment has gotten lower, harder to find workers, you have gotten a lot of companies, who for the first time have said, okay I really have to offer benefits now. I have to really be sure that I have benefits that I make it easy for my employees to get them or I am not going to track the employees. And by the way, I also have to offer more technology and make it easier for employees to do self-service, to talk, to do things on their mobile phone, to enroll in their benefits, change their benefits and so forth. So I think actually, it’s pretty early innings from adoption of a PEO or frankly any HR outsourcing. Remember that, we are very large in both markets, so PEO is great, ASO is great also and we have over 500 HR people. We are one of the largest obviously and the second largest we will be in this space and that gives us a lot of clout to get in front of clients with technology and service.
Martin Mucci: Alright. At this point, we will close the call. If you are interested in replaying the webcast of this conference call, it will be archived for approximately 30 days. I thank you for taking the time to participate in our second quarter press release conference call and for your interest and investment in Paychex. We hope you and your families have a joyful holiday season. Thank you.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. Jason, I don’t see any reason why that wouldn’t be the case. So, we feel pretty comfortable about where things are. And just to add a little bit of color about why we feel comfortable, Marty mentioned, I think sales process has – we have seen some momentum there. Retention has been good and then pricing has been stable. So I think all of those three say we should be certainly in that range.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I would say this, so we did have a little bit lighter spending than we had guided in the quarter. It won’t affect the back half of the year. Our perspective is if it wasn’t spent, it wasn’t spent. But I think the other part of the margin story was that revenue came in a little bit better than our plans had anticipated and so that dropped down to the bottom line. So we see strength, we will see what happens in the back half of the year, but it was a combination of both.
Efrain Rivera: It’s pretty much aligned with the external guidance, Ramsey. It really wouldn’t change. I think when we came into the year, our thought process was we look at the same data you all look at. And we looked at the probability of raises, they were talking about 3 and 4 in calendar ‘19, we weren’t buying it at the moment. And I think now that’s become a little bit more uncertain, but it doesn’t – it further raises are more uncertain. But it doesn’t affect what we do. And I would say it’s interesting that the macro backdrop has been uncertain and volatile. A lot – if you look at the vectors in our business, they are pointing up, not down, they are not pointing neutral, they are pointing up. And so when we look at the wealth of data that we have everything from business bankruptcies to the clients who go out of business to sales to new clients, it looks positive to us. So, now we are in a situation where things can change rapidly, but nothing that we are seeing says there are clouds on the horizon certainly in the back half of our fiscal year.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, Brian, it’s a upper single digit grower they also did some inorganic, we think that’ll be part of the mix, which can drive that organic growth higher there are certainly synergies between the Oasis business and our existing PEO business as we add two of them, that will be working on aggressively the thing that we’re in the process of looking at also is, look there’s as you’ve seen our results over the last certainly, three to four quarters, PEO is growing pretty rapidly and what we want to do is fuel growth not necessarily cut costs out of the business it’s not one of those acquisitions, and one of the issues that we’re looking very closely at is, do we add more sales people to get even greater coverage than we currently have so we’re looking we’re trying to balance the cost savings with additional investments to fuel even faster growth for Oasis.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, and the other thing, Lisa, that I want to add to that is, they while they do attach healthcare like all PEOs do, all of their business is based on guaranteed contracts so compared to other acquisitions that we have looked at, they’re not taking risk on the healthcare side so that made it attractive to us especially given how they had built the business and how they were growing.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so short answer Tien-tsin is yes, we’ll give more information as we go through the year through the year so that people can make those judgments on what’s going on so and you’re right there are there are value enhancing investments that we’re doing in the management solutions side, that over time we would expect improved margins there and there’s acquisitions that we are doing on the PEO and insurance side that will help to fuel revenue growth and over time also improve margins there so we’ll give more color as we go through.
Efrain Rivera: Tim, I’ll leave for now the discussions of specific margins I think we called out where we’re going to be for the balance of the year, but from a PEO perspective, I just leave it right now, that Oasis is pretty comparable to where we are from a margin standpoint on PEO and actually in some cases a little bit better, because they don’t take any risk on health insurance we’ll update more once we close the deal and then can provide more definitive information going forward.
Efrain Rivera: No so I mean that’s a good point, and that’s one reason why we’ll talk more once the deal is closed so because and as you know, Tim, because you know the space pretty well everyone accounts for PEO revenue differently, in our case, if it’s a guaranteed contract, we don’t run that through revenue, we were running through revenue the healthcare costs that we’re taking risk on because Oasis doesn’t do any healthcare, any take any risk on healthcare, that revenue does not run through their revenues they obviously have work comp revenue that they take risk on that runs through their revenues, but so there’s differences in terms of a little bit of difference between their revenues and ours because of that, where we have guaranteed contracts we don’t run it through the P&L either so margins actually that’s why I say margins on an apples-to-apples basis are at or above our PEO margins.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, revenue per client has been growing you look over I afraid I’ve said, last three years, you’re up in the 5% 6% range.
Efrain Rivera: And our PEO, David, as we’ve talked before, it’s predominately a California and Texas and Florida gain, and this gives us strength outside of that so I don’t have a exact percentage for what California, Texas and Florida represent there, but this gives us access to a lot of markets that or at least strength a lot of markets we really weren’t strong in before.
Efrain Rivera: But the other part I build on from what Marty said, the tailwind we see for PEO, really has something to do with I think it got turbocharged by Affordable Care Act but really much more – it’s much more now that integrated HR and benefit play and we saw strength, we saw strength starting two years or so ago, and that strength has continued and some of it has to do with ACA related issues, but a lot of it is really more HR than technology related.
Efrain Rivera: Well, we don’t breakout separately we’ll do that as we close the acquisition when we give you the $1.4 million WSEs, there is a significant amount of those that obviously are ASO employees when they when you’re using the 270 figure, they have some ASO employees included in that, they are between 200 and 300 closer to the midpoint on PEO clients, so some of their clients on the numbers that are floating around really are ASO, so we would count them as ASO clients.
