Martin Mucci: Yes. This is Marty. So we don't talk so much about the exact growth. I think what we saw was overall PAR sold was down from last year. It was more on a normalized basis if you look at the year before and the couple of years before. We were more on that level. Last year we peaked, in fiscal 2016 we peaked. I think with ACA we saw a lot of, not only the ACA product sales, but we saw a number of opportunities for payroll and time and attendance and other products, people made decisions because of ACA to outsource and so we had a bump up. And then this last year, fiscal 2017 we had a lower overall PAR sale than that level, but more on a normalized basis. And when we look at this year, we certainly expect the growth to be back up. We don't really talk about exactly where we are on that, but we feel good about the changes in go-to-market strategy that we are making, some things we are adjusting to. We are increasing the spend in digital marketing because we are seeing a larger number of leads coming in, obviously on the web and we feel good about the marketing that we are doing and we are increasing that investment. And we are also increasing the number of virtual sales reps because the leads that are coming in, we need to sell even faster and clients are looking to sell them over the phone through chat, et cetera and we have positioned ourselves to be able to do that frankly and already set up that positioning in the fourth quarter. So down a bit from last year, however we feel good about going into this year. The growth in PAR sales that will bounce back.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I don't think we saw any big change. I do think overall pricing competition picked up a little bit in the year, not so much in the quarter but in the year. And so we didn't feel like competition change all that much from a technology and product offering, we feel very good about that. I think pricing got a little more aggressive during the year probably because everyone faced the same issue, which was kind of a decrease in opportunities as a result of ACA the previous year. Now fewer people were outsourcing. There were fewer opportunities. Everyone got a little bit more aggressive on price. Nothing significant. And we still feel that as you look at that fiscal 2018, this new fiscal year, we should still be able to have a price increase in our normal range and we didn't have any major drop-off because of that.
Martin Mucci: Yes. In the fourth quarter, what we saw was a trend of bringing tenure back up. What basically happened is and we knew there would be some client disruption because of this, over the last 18, even 24 months, we have been moving and I talked about this a little bit, we have been shifting to different client service segments. So while we have sold a lot more of our HR administration online, our time and attendance offerings, et cetera. We started moving clients to multi-product centers where we have teams of people where you just don't have payroll, but you have payroll and time and attendance and HR expertise in a team setting that is still dedicated to the client, but now you have that full team setting. We also saw an increase in number of online clients, clients doing payroll themselves over the last few years and we shifted them to what we call a dedicated service center because they are more inbound calls, then they are our normal service model of calling out to the client at a specified time. We had more inbound kind of as the client needed the service. So we shifted them to dedicated service centers where we are open 7x24 and we have much better technology, enhanced technology that we put in place that we invested in as well as chat, et cetera, our web chat, et cetera. So we finished that in the fourth quarter. All of that move, that disrupted some clients, meaning that a dedicated payroll specialist that I had prior, I may have lost because I moved more tenured people into multi-product centers or other areas. We then, during the course of the year, hired a number of new client service specialist who had less experience and that caused some disruption in the clients and in the level of service. And so our near record high client retention of 82% fell to about 81%. We expect that to come back. What we have seen in the fourth quarter already, client satisfaction numbers coming back up, client service specialist tenure, so then the experience, the certification, the months of experience are coming back up as well. We are back even above where we were at the beginning of the fiscal year. So we think now we are obviously coming out of that and expect to get ourselves back up near record highs by the end of the year.
Martin Mucci: No. Well, I think it's a combination of both. I do think there was some customer behavior that changed last year which, as I described, was that the year before, in fiscal 2016 with ACA coming on very heavy in the requirements, we saw a number of new opportunities and I don't think at the time we realized as much that they were a big jump in the number of opportunities that were out there, where people said, hey, it's time for me to outsource everything, payroll, HR, et cetera. Then in this last fiscal year 2017, those number of opportunities were decreased. There wasn't as much of a push on that. So there was a little bit of a macro change there. I do think that, as I mentioned in my comments, what we are seeing is the level of regulations, while they may be reducing on the federal level with the current administration, state regulations are increasing. Minimum wage specific to cities and states are changing. Over time rules are being put in place in states as opposed to federal. Everything is getting more complicated and we think this will produce even more opportunities. And then internally, the changes we are making with the virtual sales increase and the additional investment in marketing spend, we really think is going to drive the growth back up to where we would like to see it.
Martin Mucci: Mostly in the mid-market. We actually felt pretty good about the small-market this year, when you look at the total clients. And so it was a little bit more, I mean there was more competition, I think, in all markets, but I think the mid-market was a little more aggressive and I think that was folks coming, I think that was competitors also coming off of the higher year with HCA.
Martin Mucci: I think there's a couple of points I would make. One is, the good news is the retention of the ACA product with our clients is very good. So even though there's all this talk about repealing the Affordable Care Act and the mandatory requirement, we are not seeing much drop-off in the number of clients in the Affordable Care Act. I think what we are seeing in the behavior is, hey, I am still going to have to do something. I may not have a mandatory requirement to hold insurance but I need to report something and I am going to stick with the product. In addition to that, what we are also seeing the behavior is, hey once I put insurance as a benefit offering to my employees, I can't just say I am not going to offer it anymore because it's not required. It's been used to recruit and keep, retain employees of our clients and I don't think you are going to see a big drop-off of those that are necessarily providing insurance now just because the mandate is not there. I do think though, as I mentioned that we are seeing in our jobs index that's more small businesses under 50, that there has been a drop-off of the employment growth rate. And so they are not hiring as many and I do think there is probably some of that macro out there where, hey I am a little confused as to what's going to happen on tax reform, what's going to happen with the Affordable Care Act and those kind of things.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think from a state perspective, we are probably seeing almost half the states look for ways to put in their own regulations to make up for the federal reductions. So they are looking for minimum wage increases. They are looking to put in new overtime rules for the state. They are looking for all kinds of things and I don't think that will even, now you are even hearing about, depending on what happens with Affordable Care Act, various taxes, new taxes, payroll taxes, possibly to make up for some of the reduction and what the feds are subsidizing at the state level. The other thing on the HRS revenues, every product, every client base or proper set we have all increased in this fiscal year. So we continue to feel really good about 401(k). We are still the leading provider of the most plans of anybody. We have over a million worksite employees, more than anyone on our HR outsourcing. And we were one of the first to be, as I mentioned, on the PEO certification. So we feel very good about HR outsourcing in particular coming back pretty strong. So once we get past some of the comparables that Efrain mentioned, I think we continue to feel really good about HR outsourcing, PEO and ASO.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think that certainly can be part of it, but I think we feel good. We do feel good about the technology and the offering that we have as well as the service. I think we have talked about that some of the mid-market, we are working through a migration from an old platform. Now 96% of our Flex clients are on Flex. So it's not like it's a large number that we still have to work through. But I think all of that has had some impact on mid-market. I think we feel very good about, from a technology. Pricing, a little bit tougher. Again, I think people, all of us, all competitors were challenged a little bit coming off the ACA year and so pricing down a little bit more aggressive, but we feel very good about the offerings that are out there. We are very competitive and we are not really necessarily losing that much more to anybody in particular. I think it was just a tougher compare year. Macro-wise, I think there is, as I mentioned, some impact of for those larger clients over 50 employees, okay, what is exactly the impact on a B2B from all of the administration and they are probably a little bit slower.
Martin Mucci: I read your policy questions, by the way. I read then all. We talked about them, just so you know, okay.
Martin Mucci: There is definitely opportunity for improvement and we feel it's a great opportunity. I think one of the things that's probably challenged us in the past is the size of the client. So when the clients are smaller, obviously they don't need as many of the HR outsourcing type products. However two things. One from a macro environment, we are seeing more and more of those regulations and those needs come down in size. So a client a few years ago that was 15 employees didn't need HR outsourcing, but today due the complexity in the requirements and compliance, they do. So we think there is a growing need for the HR outsourcing at smaller levels of a client which is good for us. I think we have gotten better and better at providing a full-service sales opportunity right upfront. One of the things you are seeing in our go-to-market strategy for sales is to offer the clients the full value of our products in the first conversation with them as a prospect, which in the past we sold payroll and then we came back later and sold them other products. And I think we are seeing that the clients are needing more things up first and frankly we weren't servicing the full value of what they were looking for. And that change we have made and we think that that will drive that that as well. And I also think that you are seeing as more clients are taking a bundled product, it's becoming more difficult to separate payroll and HRS as a revenue source because these products are bundled and we are doing some allocations now. But it's going to get more and more difficult to do that.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think, as Efrain said, Advance Partners had a great year, better than we expected and great leadership there in the team and they have done very well and I think that the temp environment is definitely picking up. We have even seen in our own numbers that clients with less than 50 employees, the part-time workforce by itself has gone up to become more than 10% of the workforce from about 6% just a few years ago, three or four years ago. So you are definitely seeing more businesses take part-time and temps and we are continuing to look at rollup strategy as part of getting a great company like Advance was that there are number of these funding companies out there that are small and that could benefit by a rollup strategy and the technology and innovation that advances those. So we definitely think there is more opportunity there and definitely think there will be more temp and gig economy type part-time employment where people are working multiple places part time instead of full time.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Gary, I don't think we are getting near any ceilings. I think we have lots of opportunity and in fact, as I mentioned on the last question, I think the opportunity is growing because the needs are coming down in size. So I think the opportunity is very strong there. I think the fact that a 10 or 15 company may need more support on HR and that we have tailored our products and the service teams to support that bodes very well for us. I think the most penetrated would obviously be workers' comp. 401(k) is pretty strong as well. And HR outsourcing. All of these leave a lot of opportunity, insurance being the smallest penetration and the newest that we have offered, meaning H&B, health and benefit insurance. So lots of opportunity there. We don't disclose it exactly, but there is a lot of opportunity there for us. And in fact, I think the opportunity is increasing, particularly for HR support.
Martin Mucci: A little bit on competition, but I think that the vast majority frankly was kind of self-driven, unfortunately that we knew, as Efrain said, we projected some because we knew that we would have to disrupt some clients and their payroll specialist or their client service specialist that's dedicated to them. The good news is, that provides us great retention. The bad news is, when we have to change it on a client and move them around a little bit, at first that causes disruption and there was a lot of newer people brought into the mix. We didn't shutdown an area necessarily and close a business or close a location and move it, but we did move a lot of people around and are doing that kind of still across the country, but we are doing it virtually in a lot of places. So we moved a lot of experienced people into multi-product centers to handle other kinds of businesses and that disrupted the clients. So I would say, we really feel based on all of the stats we have, most of the change in retention from our near high best to down about a percentage point was really caused by the service disruption, the changes we made and now we are past that and we already see it starting to bounce back at the end the Q4. So we are feeling good that we will get back there through this next year.
Martin Mucci: I think as we have talked about, Bryan, I think most of the impact of that has been the increase in losses. So the drop in retention rate was probably a bigger piece of that. And I think, as I have talked about, I think all of the changes now being done in the fourth quarter from moving clients around into better service segments and service models, I think we are going to see that bounce back, because I think everything's in place where we are seeing the tenure of our specialist move up. I also think that being now in the right place, the reason we did it was to drive client retention even higher which was, hey, when you are an online client and you are mostly calling in, we needed better technology tools that are web chat, et cetera to handle the client the way they wanted to be serviced and all of that now is in place. And so we feel that we are really well positioned in multi-product centers before where if you had payroll and time and attendance, we had a specific team on time and attendance that we move you to, we now combined those teams. So we have the best expertise and a combined team to handle multi-product clients. We think that is going to help, particularly in the mid market where we have sold multiple products and we have increased, of course, that penetration. So we really feel like that will bring us back into that kind of growth rate.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we did. We saw, that was a little surprising to us because given all the things you are seeing in the economy, we are little surprised, but we have seen a few more losses as a result of that. Don't really know why. We have seen new business starts. We are not expecting a big change in that. They have kind of come back up to where they were pre-recession and they have held there. And so I think that will work in our favor. And there was something else you mentioned that I was going to say. But I guess the other thing I was going to say is, our go-to-market strategy that I mentioned earlier on sales I think will also drive more sales, particularly on the low-end for these new business start-ups. What we are seeing is, more clients coming to us from the web as opposed to from a call and client referral, that type of thing. They are coming in. They are searching, as you would expect. They are going on the web and they are contacting our team that way. We would then give that to a rep in the field, even if they were a small one, two, three employee client startup. And what we are finding today is, many clients don't want to wait two days to have a rep come and visit them. They are ready to buy on the phone. So we have increased our digital spend pretty significantly and we have increased our virtual sales reps who are selling 7 days a week and almost 24 hours. They are ready to handle the sale right over the phone and the client is ready to buy that way. So we think that's going to really help us. All that's set up and already running.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I would say the impact of the small business actually was, we felt pretty good from, I think overall when you look at small business, the sales were pretty good, nothing major change there. The retention is where we took some of the hit in small business and again self-inflicted with some of our changes when you think about moving some clients that were on dedicated service specialist to multi-products because they bought more. Remember, small being under 50, so they have multiple products also moving them to the online centers. So I think the impact on small was really more from retention, which we think is we will recover out of that now the things are kind of done. The mid market was more of an impact on sales from less opportunities coming out of the ACA year and a little bit more aggressive competition because I think everybody felt lower opportunities. I feel very good about where we are from a technology standpoint and a product offering, but the pricing got a little bit stronger. The pricing competition probably got a little bit strong. We still held our own pretty well there. But I think again if you look at sales growth, we were down from last year in total amount sold, but it was more even on a normalized basis to where we were the year before that. And so I think hopefully that clarified it a little bit.
Martin Mucci: Yes. It was really this last year is where most of it happened, this last fiscal year. We kind of finished up at the beginning of fourth quarter. A little of that went into the previous year too. But I think we saw the biggest impact during the middle of this year as we got around the selling season. I think we paid a little bit for more drop-offs in clients during that third to beginning of fourth quarter type of thing because of just issues with disruption and so forth. But that's done now and everybody's kind of in the right place and we have hired back up and we have got the tenure back up and the training and certification levels back up.
Martin Mucci: What I would say is, the changes are done and the numbers as far as having the client service specialists in place, the tenure, the certification, that's done. And some of the satisfaction numbers, net promoter scores, have begun to increase back kind of towards where we were. I wouldn't say the retention has changed yet. That's going to take a little longer over, I think the next few quarters to get back. But we feel like we are aiming to get ourselves back to all-time highs or near all-time highs by the end of the fiscal year.
Martin Mucci: No. They are still to a dedicated payroll specialist that we have always been known for. They are still with the dedicated. What's happening is, as more clients have moved to online, our model was a call-out model. So we called you at 10 o'clock, 10:00 AM every Monday morning to get your information. Or you could do it other ways, of course. But that was normal. And as more clients move to online, they were doing it themselves, calling in. The answer performance wasn't as strong as we would like. We started moving more online clients to a ded, what we called a dedicated service center. You are still assigned a dedicated person but you can reach anyone in that case. But the normal client who is not online gets a dedicated payroll specialist who still calls out for them.
Martin Mucci: I would say it was roughly the same. The impacts were kind of across the board, maybe for different reasons. But all the clients, because most of the clients did see some, many of the clients did see some change, even as you talk a little bit larger, many of them went from the local person who was just there to a dedicated to a multi-product service center and so they were serviced, not only with a dedicated person but more of a team. They may have reached someone different. So I would say it was kind of split across the different size clients.
Martin Mucci: Correct. Now one to go-forward basis, but I may have moved you, but I did move many of them to a new person during the year to get them in the right kind of service model but now they have a dedicated person. No matter where they are, they still have a dedicated person. And so now that's why we feel, hey, I think we are in good shape now, but it certainly caused some disruption. And you might have had a new person who was brand new in some of these cases because we pulled a tenure person to go to a multi-product service team and then they got a new person who wasn't as trained, was not the same person they knew for the last couple of years and that did have some impact, unfortunately. But we think this is the right setup for the future. We are done and we are building expertise now in those areas.
Martin Mucci: They are coming up. So our onboarding, we also moved to a new way of onboarding our clients that we think is more efficient and better service value to them. That onboarding and net promoter score has gone up from the beginning of the year nicely and our overall service number has gone up as well. So we are feeling like it's early from the fourth quarter results, kind of, the end of the fourth quarter, but we are feeling like things are turning very positive.
Martin Mucci: No, not at all. That was anomalous. So what ended up happening Lisa is, if you break down what happened this year, we had about $60 million more in tax payments. Some of those are temporary differences that will reverse in the following year. We had additional funding requirements for Advance Partners that were unusual because right at the end of the year we brought on a very large client. Those situations should not be present next year. So it will conform to more customary patterns, but it's pretty identified what exactly happened there.
Martin Mucci: Okay. At this point, we will close the call. If you are interested in replaying the web cast of this conference call, it will be archived for about 30 days. Thank you for taking the time to participate in our fourth quarter press release conference call and for your interest in Paychex. Have a great day.
Efrain Rivera: Hi Rayna. Our acronym internally for bookings, it's PAR, Paychex annualized revenue, if anyone is sort of wondering what PAR is.
Efrain Rivera: Just to add to that, the fact that retention went down was not a complete surprise to us. We had planned it to be down about 50 basis points. Obviously, it was higher than we anticipated by the time the year concluded.
Efrain Rivera: Hi Jim. I will take the first part of that question. So the answer is, the 8% to 10% range versus double digit really has a lot to do, as you said, with the fact that our assumption is that Affordable Care Act revenue and modules are likely to be flat to down slightly with this year, given the amount of uncertainty going on and the fact that we anticipate sort of the normal amount of attrition that we see with those clients, we have not been aggressive in our assumption around what happens with ACA. And obviously we had a nice benefit from that over the last couple years. So I would say that's part A. Part B, remember that we had about little bit over 1% contribution from Advance Partners. They are doing very well, but we obviously don't have that going into next year. So if you stripped out those factors, we are growing double digit in HRS. And I think you are absolutely right. I called out in the first quarter that HRS is below the range of total guidance for the year for revenues, just because of the comp primarily with the Affordable Care Act. As you get through first quarter, the comps get easier and then we resume more normalized patterns of growth. So in the second half, HRS growth is certainly stronger than the first half. That's at least at this point what we anticipate. Now with respect to state regulations and all that, I will just turn that over to Marty to talk.
Efrain Rivera: That was specifically related to the advance funding portion of the business. So if you notice there was a bump in receivables. The way that business works is, if you find a large client, you get the receivable impact upfront and then you start realizing the benefit as you collect fee. So I was just calling out specifically what was happening with Advance Partners. And by the way, that business grew strongly and has been a tremendous contributor during the year and we think going forward it's very bullish on what's going on there.
Efrain Rivera: Great question. I would say, if you look at us over the last six years, we have never missed earnings. So I would say that we have generally beaten on the upside. So there is always an element of conservatism in our guidance and I hope that that continues into next year. But though what's going on is that we have a grow-over comparison. And by the way, we are the first to report and I am certain that others will say exactly the same thing. There is a grow-over comparison on ACA modules that everyone's going to face. For us, the impact is more significant in the first quarter and it abates as we go through the year. And the second part, as I mentioned, Advance Partners was a contributor to revenue for the year and HRS a little bit over 1%. But most of that benefit occurred in the first half of the year because we acquired them in the second half of 2016. So basically that's what's going on there. On the margin guidance, just remember that when I said margin guidance, sometimes I talk in the past talk about operating margin excluding float, it's up and then operating margin in general, it's up, of course because now we are getting the benefit of investment income. But we are very proud of operating at 40% margins. That always is a number that we think we want to beat. So last year, if you remember what the guidance was, we have said it appeared to be flat, I got a lot of questions and I said, even in a year where we were investing in operations, for the reasons that Marty mentioned before, pivoting to a much more dedicated service options for clients and we still, despite those investments delivered 50 basis points. Part of that was lower variable selling costs. So we feel very comfortable on the expense guidance because we have specific plans against that. And our job is to figure out how we can do even better than what we put out there in terms of our guidance. So that's a little bit of color on what our thought process was.
Efrain Rivera: No. We wouldn't give guidance assuming a breakage. I think if you are looking at year-over-year, Ashwin, there are a number of items that run through that. So this year we wrote off a small investment, several small investments that we had made or wrote down the value of those investments. So this year was a little bit artificially depressed and next year we are not assuming we are going to do that. Very modest immaterial number. So no, there is no gains. That what's going on.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So let me start. I mentioned this a couple of times. So I think the first thing is, we made a change in terms of the timing on when we remit payments to taxing authorities in certain states. I won't bore you with the details, but suffice it to say that brought balances down a bit and that's been a headwind through the year. We think that that starts to abate next year. Client mix has had some impact. Our client mix is skewed smaller during the year, so slightly smaller. It depends on what assumptions you make about wage growth but we expect we will be flat to up slightly going in the next year as opposed to being down slightly this year. So those are the things impacting balances.
Efrain Rivera: No. I mercifully do not have to talk about days in 2018. So that has no impact, Bryan. No, I think that the way, if you look at where our growth was last year, the compares in the first half are a little tougher and then they ease in the back half on the assumption that the way that we think the sales year unfolds that way. So that's basically what's going on.
Efrain Rivera: I think, Bryan, I would withhold that until we go through the year. I would anticipate, I think that implicit in that guidance is that we are still assuming a little bit of client mix occurring during the year. So I would say, just given the amount of change that's happened already, I would think that coming out of 2018 we should see a little bit higher growth than 2%. But let's get to Q4 and we will have another conversation.
Efrain Rivera: No, Jeff, other than what I said in first quarter that that's the anomalous quarter just because we booked the stock-comp expense benefit in that quarter and so on a GAAP basis I called out that first quarter is going to be essentially flat year-over-year. So I think that's the other. And then and then obviously we show a decent improvement in margin. And that I think should get you where you need to be in terms of your modeling for the year.
Efrain Rivera: Good question. So CapEx will be in the range of about 3.5% of sales and the share count at the same level or slightly below. Jeff, when I say slightly below, half a million to a million shares could be as low as that for the year.
Efrain Rivera: Hi Mark. I think we will disclose that in the K. So we have got a pretty extensive disclosure as to who takes what there. And I think you will be able to see that revenue kind of, I can't recall it off the top of our head.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. Lisa, we peg it at about 80% to low-80s in terms of percentage of net income and that's kind of what we target as a payout rate.
Efrain Rivera: Right. So if it slows down and we try to just target, titrate it down a bit so that it stays in that range.
