Efrain Rivera: Did you change your name? She announced it as David Togut. So, I just want to make sure we get it right.
Efrain Rivera: Yeah. So, with respect to payroll client-based growth, David, we expect it to be in the normal range of 1% to 3%. Hopefully, we do better than that. We certainly did better than that this year. Because retention was so strong this year, we expect that it will not reach the level that Marty mentioned. So, we ended the year at 85%. If you look at Flex revenue retention, we were almost 90%. Those are really extraordinary numbers. We expect some loosening of those numbers, but not significant, but we expect it to be down a little bit.
Efrain Rivera: No non-zero. Hey, David, I mean, I think many people on the call would know that one of our businesses, one of our businesses is funding staffing firms. We don't do staffing, but we fund staffing. So, with an anomaly in the fourth quarter of last year, staffing was down 20%. Those of you who cover staffing firms know that when staffing declines at that level, then there's simply nothing to fund. There's no receivables to fund, and so if you look at last year, our cash flow was 1.44 billion. That was much higher than even I expected, but that's because we didn't put out any money to fund staffing.  This year, we had a really sharp rebound in the back half of the year and in the fourth quarter, and that was a very, very good performer for us, but that means that we purchased more receivables. We get obviously some benefit from doing that. The way it’s reflected in the statement of cash flows is that that shows a growth in receivables. So, I would say those numbers are now more normalized versus a year last year that was artificially depressed.
Efrain Rivera: It still will probably not track it completely because the recovery on staffing really is more of a second half – a second half phenomenon this year. Staffing was still weak into the first quarter of last year.
Efrain Rivera: The other thing that I’d – just to build on that, just, you know, kind of add some numbers to that. Marty mentioned earlier in his comments, look, doing things on a one-year or half-year basis is one thing, doing it on a sustainable basis is another thing. I would say one other thing that we're very, very proud of is that through the pandemic, when there was an unprecedented level of demand on our service providers, we met that need and our net promoter scores hit their highest levels ever in the company.  So when you look at all of those things that really plays into the retention number, of course, the economy has something to do with it. But I think the combination of that leads us to believe that this is a sustainable trend going forward.
Efrain Rivera: Yeah. So pricing, I think we assume that we returned to a more normal pricing environment Jason. We delayed price increases at the beginning of last year. We thought that was the right thing to do. It impacted us and, but we thought it was the right thing to do for clients. But we resumed a more normal cadence of pricing increases, maybe a little bit, just slightly off from what we would do in a typical year, but pretty close. I think that the way we have pegged our plans is that again we expect in the second half of the year a return to more normal unemployment rates. The first half will still continue to be impacted by what we see, which many of you know, is difficulty in hiring, SMBs struggling to fill positions.  I would say that this forecast that we have does not assume even that we're at the same level of checks per payroll or pays per control that we were pre-pandemic through all of next year. If we get to that point that that would be upside to this model, but that's not what we're expecting. We obviously believe it will improve, although I would say, if you looked at the underlying data that forms a plan, it's pretty modest improvement at this point. So, those are some of the key assumptions underlying the forecast or the plan.
Efrain Rivera: I think Bryan the only one I left out was time and attendance. You know, we've had tremendous consistent growth in time and attendance. And I think, you know, the ability for the technology that we've continued to innovate there from regular time clocks, to retina scan time clocks, to punching in on your mobile phone or your watch has really driven a lot of – support their time and attendances is got a lot of demand that continues to grow at a double-digit space penetration into our base and new clients. I think a lot of it being that there's going to be a lot more part time employees, you've got flexible work schedules, time and attendance is really critical. So, we're seeing a lot of strength there as well.
Efrain Rivera: Yeah, I think it has. I mean, I just think it's one of those things that people have gotten, you know, clients, prospects have gotten more used to. We were already in, you know, virtual sales and in lead generation and nurturing programs over the – particularly over the last few years. And that has continued to grow for us, as well as Flex and SurePayroll. And there's a lot more self service now capabilities that we've introduced as well.  So, not only can you research demo and you know and decide to buy the product, you can do a lot more of itself service, not only through buying the product, depending on your size, but then a salesperson can jump in and help you anywhere along the way. And people want to do things more themselves. Then, you know, as I think I've mentioned in my earlier comments that we're introducing more self service to where the once you onboard a new employee, they can do their own self service setup and everything.  And this is helping a lot of clients, they're used to doing things online, they're used to doing it on a mobile phone. And of course, we've been developing all of our products, mobile first design, so that it's built for the mobile phone, you know, years ago, and that has continued to pay off. A lot of the investments we made in self service and in technology over the last few years, really paid off during the pandemic from a standpoint of clients being able to go online and buy and self serve and set up. And our self service has picked up dramatically.  You know, for existing clients, for example, an employee, you know, due to changing their own direct deposit bank account, changing their address, over 80% of those last year were done by the client or the employee now self service, most of them on our mobile app. So, things have changed, you know, and they sped up during the pandemic. And I think they'll continue to do that.
Efrain Rivera: I would say directionally you’re correct. Now, just – I just want to caution one thing, which is 2022 will be another year where at every quarter we’ll call out what we’re seeing. I mentioned earlier and it’s not a throw-away statement and I think, Jason asked earlier, what are your assumptions about unemployment that’s going to play into what happens. So, we still have – we still from a pays per control perspective are down from where we were pre-pandemic and we’re not expecting a complete recovery of the question as how quickly that occurs as we go through the year – that will be something we need to see, but I’d say directionally you’re correct.
Efrain Rivera: That’s a good question, Eugene. I am chuckling a little bit. Yes, you look, anyone who goes to a restaurant these days or goes to any hospitality provider knows that the challenges that the industry still faces in terms of completely reopening. We just don’t see that starting to charge ahead until sometime in the fall. So, that would be, of course the compare will be easier as we start the year, but there is still a lot of work to be done in hospitality in accommodations and in the State of Florida where we – a lot of our businesses, we’re going to – we’re playing that a little bit more cautiously in terms of that part of the business. So to the extent that that turns very quickly and they can find the workers maybe we get more positive we got through the year, but at this point, we think that’s what makes sense.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, just to build on that. Marty mentioned it in his comments, but I want to make sure people did not overlook it. We talked about three really important metrics that make us very constructive on our results going forward. One was client retention was at 85%, I mentioned, revenue retention ran about 400 basis points ahead of that. The client base grew 4%, which was in recent years one of the highest we had and that by the way as people pivoted to selling virtually in the first half of the year. But the third one, which we – which Marty mentioned, which is important is, we had 18% growth in worksite employees in HR related services and we now are at $1.7 million worksite employees served, we dwarf anyone else in the industry. So – and we think we’re still only scratching the surface. So – and the revenue opportunity is multiples of payroll as I’ve mentioned to all of you before, we think we still have a lot of opportunity. So, just the bolster in addition to everything else Marty said, the HR part of that equation that’s important.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, Kartik, and if you look over a multiyear period and certainly look at where the trends landed and we look at retention by reason curves we call it. Price and value losses we would call that, it’s not just price, what value is the client getting, they are significantly down. So, irrespective of what the environment is in pricing, the value that we’re delivering and certainly, we know that anecdotally in our tech services model has been well received by clients and they seem to be voting this day.
Efrain Rivera: No, the portfolio itself we expect modest growth and because of what you said Kartik, we expect the pays per control are going to grow. We would say it’s modest growth. And then the other components you – they at least stay at current levels. I think we’re a little bit cautious just on the interest rate environment at one point. Sometimes we see the tenure going up to 1.6, 1.7 then it bounced back down to 1.4. So, I think we’re a little bit cautious about getting more aggressive either on positioning or on calling out a higher increase in the flow portfolio, but we expect increases in the underlying funds and modest improvement from where we are. But we’re not ready to get aggressive in terms of positioning the portfolio or our assumptions on interest rates.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So, we combine both. And the reason we did – we’re not splitting it out Andrew, is that from our perspective when we go in front of a client if they want to pivot to an ASO model [that’s ASO] that gives us comparable revenue not quite as much as PEO depending on whether they take insurance as you know, or they don’t. So, the 18% is where we grew year-over-year, wasn’t a Q4 number and the combination of both were very strong in the year.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, so let me address that. I think that, very little of it was run-off from the 2017 investment. There are actually a few projects that are still continuing that has we started in that time, so they were longer range projects. So very little of it is, is the run off. And what I mean by that, Kevin, is that, some of that had to be incorporated in the business in order to drive the efficiency that you are seeing. And part of the way, some of those investments were structured where that we would accept higher IT spending in exchange for efficiencies in other parts of the organization.  I think that what you’ve seen is on the operation side significant efficiencies and the team has done a great job of leveraging the investments we’ve made, I’d say that’s one. I think the second part is simply that I mentioned earlier, is when you go through one of these experiences, and do some geographic optimization that help, but you also look at what expense you actually need and you realize you don’t need [$1.00], maybe you need $0.99 and I think that where we had that opportunity which got the opportunity for us to eliminating the cost out of the model.
Efrain Rivera: Mark the only thing I’d add is, two things – two things I would add, not the only thing. With respect to CapEx, we generally target about 3.5% to 4% of sales as a level of CapEx will be around there this year. And then we’re keenly interested in the right technology. So, we do not have the attitude that it wasn’t [invented here], we’re not interested in it. We’re actually interested in anyone’s garage idea, if it’s better than what we’ve got. So, we do peer into garages and see what people are doing, most of it isn’t interesting, but some of it is. So, we’ll look for technology and obviously in addition to the areas that Marty mentioned.
Efrain Rivera: I would say this Matt, well, that’s a good question. I [indiscernible] you said that, there is an element of conservatism in our guidance. I mean, look, the good thing about having been here 10 years and the bad thing about having been here 10 years is the same thing. Everyone knows my MO. So, we’ll issue guidance that we hope we can do a bit better than, but we also want to make sure that when an investor makes the decision about whether they want to hold Paychex versus something else, they know what they can expect and I think over the last decade, that’s exactly what we’ve delivered.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. That’s a good question. So, yes, I think it’s fair Tien-tsin to say that it’s skewed a bit smaller. Having said that, you know our model is – we take clients of all levels and as Marty mentioned. In the first half, the mid-market was more challenging because of driving everyone to virtual and then we had strength as we came out of the year. I think we’ve optimized our model to produce margins that are really pretty impressive even when the clients are small. I think that for example, a SurePayroll client has a surprisingly high level of lifetime value, in part because they are being on-boarded onto a platform that’s optimized for that size of the client. And so when we look at the portfolio, we’re looking at everything from very low end clients to higher end clients and trying to get the mix right. We feel comfortable that we’ve got that right and that next year maybe you’ll skew a little bit less to the small and – a little bit bigger, so average client size, maybe has a chance to tick up. But despite all of that, we had a good year overall from a client growth standpoint.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, so, I’d say the first thing Ramsey is that when we took the charge last year, we knew that it would produce, we believed in model that it would produce a certain return and it produced that return in probably a little bit more. So, kudos to the team that did that. I think that we continue to evaluate what the right footprint is. There’s no additional charges contemplated, but as we examine that footprint, we're looking for ways to become more efficient. That's number one. Number two, one of the things that a pandemic produces is it produces a keen focus on every single line of expense in the P&L, and I would say that for a company like ours that is built on the idea that we have to operate very efficiently, we looked at and said not every single dollar of cost that was in the model pre-pandemic needs to be in the in the model post-pandemic. And so, we thought we could comfortably manage with a slightly different level of expenses. And so, the expense growth did not match the revenue growth. So, the third thing is a sharp rebound in revenue then produces the ability to leverage further than you would if those costs came in or you didn't have that level of revenue growth. I would say this, I get the question many, many times what's the theoretical max for how our margins can grow? The short answer is that we don't have an answer on that. But obviously, there is a theoretical max, but the point is that that increasingly we look for more and more operating efficiencies as our systems get better and better, and they have gotten better and better. And our operating model has gotten more and more efficient. So, it's really a combination of all of those, it's sustainable, and all of those things are influencing that number.
Martin Mucci: I think, Ramsey I think it has definitely helped. I think, you know, clients learned that there was a great value, more value than they maybe have thought in having us and the expertise that we have with compliance and so forth. The ability to be able to provide them access to those PPP loans, the day they were available and giving them a pre-populated kind of an application that they can file for the loan, a pre-populated application that was signature ready for the forgiveness, the ability that we, you know, linked with three fintech providers to help them facilitate loans, and when they couldn't get some – the interest from the banks, you know, was really very helpful, and I think that has contributed a lot.  You know, they're at a stage now where they're still finding that with the employee retention tax credit, we're doing a tremendous service to them by helping them understand that there even is an employee-retention tax credit, and how big that can be to support them from a cash flow perspective. So, I think all of those things in addition to the strength of the product and the service already has really contributed to people saying, hey, I'm not going to leave to save 10% or a free month of service when I see the benefits that the Paychex and the team have provided me.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, we're still seeing new business formation, as you would see from the economic numbers are still up very strong. I think they're up 70% year-to-date, over last year, brand new business startups. And I think that we've done a very good job of capturing those through the products that we have both Flex, and SurePayroll, you know, SurePayroll I had a very – has had a very strong year, and is well, and especially at the beginning of the year, where they picked up a lot of, you know, work at home kind of nanny payrolls and things like that.  Flex also picked up a lot of new startup businesses of various sizes. And I think that, you know, we expect that to continue. I think a lot of it has been the self service, the way we – the marketing we've done to get the web leads, and then be able to respond to them very quickly, even virtually, and from home and from our virtual sales forces. And then amount of self service that clients can do that they're looking for to now in a brand new business. So, it is definitely continued. We expect it to continue. And I think we performed very well from a closed rate perspective.
Martin Mucci: Yeah, I think from a size perspective, it was definitely a lot of the new business, you know, start-ups. So, it was on the smaller size. The mid-market did okay, but it was more, it was a little bit more difficult there were the decisions where they were making no decisions kind of thing or delaying decisions. We're starting to see that pick up now as we transition into the new fiscal year. I think, as they're seeing more need for some of the products and services as they try to hire back and build their teams back up. And so we're definitely, I think, [sought their] retirement in HR was very strong, you know retirement was very weak in the first quarter as you'd expect going through the beginning of the pandemic, people weren't talking about retirement.  We shifted some of those resources toward HR outsourcing. They did a great job. Then as we saw more interest in retirement, they shifted back. We introduced the pooled employer plan in January. As I mentioned, that took off. And there's been a very strong need for the pooled employer plan that has really helped support retirement. Our retirement ASO in particular HR outsourcing under the ASO model, PEO has been good. It hasn't been as strong as the insurance needs and changes. I think we'll come along now as people are looking for comprehensive benefit packages to retain and attract employees, but HR, outsourcing retirement. Certainly SurePayroll, you know all were very, you know, very strong.
Martin Mucci: Yeah. The growth performance in the quarter was pretty comparable, Ryan, in fourth quarter. At this stage, we think that going into next year that the PEO is going to grow a little bit faster than insurance. I think that, you know, I'd love to say, finally, after about four years that workers comp drag is behind us. It's probably behind us as a drag, but it's not behind us in terms of growth that isn't really strong. I would say one thing that was quite interesting about the quarter was that health and benefits, which we still do a fair amount of sales in the under 50 space had a strong quarter. So there's interesting pockets of demand in the economy above and below 50. And there seems to be a pretty strong demand still for insurance, health and benefits insurance for – in the under 50 space, in addition, obviously PEO, This is, now I'm talking more standalone, health and benefits. So, in summary, going to next year, we think PEO is going to grow a bit faster than the insurance part.
Martin Mucci: Yeah Bryan, the other thing I'd add is, you know our marketing group has really done a great job in terms of identifying sources of leads and optimizing our models so that our dollars are really efficiently spent, spent on the web. But the point you make is a very good one. I think that we've evolved into a world where there is much more digital sales, digital capability, and when you're in front of the client, it frequently is going to be in a hybrid model. It was interesting to hear some of our top salespeople, basically, some of the really high dollar producers, talk about how they were able to pivot in a hybrid fashion to sell when they hadn't done it before. And I think that it's the wave of the future. The positive on that, I would say is that obviously we can get more efficient in terms of our dollar spent. But there's an offset to that, because you have to spend more on digital marketing, there's no way to avoid it. One of the things that we're very, very proud of this year is if you look at us, look at what we did, from the beginning of the pandemic, we did our first TV advertising, we increased our marketing spend. We didn't decrease it this year. So, but that's going to be a more of a permanent feature of the way the business operates.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think the biggest one that is of course the HR Outsourcing. That’s had double-digit growth from the ASO model. I think clients realized in a year, particularly with the pandemic that they had so many questions on how to handle remote workforces, how do you handle vaccine policy, how do you handle – how you’re going to flexible work schedules? Things that they’ve never addressed before, we saw a great demand for HR at all sizes of clients and how to handle federal and state regulations? So, I think we opened up a whole number of clients who hadn’t thought that they needed it maybe to realize that there is a lot of ongoing support that they could gain from HR services. Now, we have over 600 HR specialists across the country that provided some great expertise even remotely to these clients and a huge compliance team behind them and legal and marketing that would take the rules and regulations coming out of the Fed and the state governments, boil those down, make them understandable and train our HRGs who then train those clients on how to handle it. And I think that’s not going to go backwards. I think especially even for the next year. Now, the issue is, how do I hire someone, how do I retain them, how do I keep them in my company with career pathing and development, and how do I use our products like data analytics that would show you this is what the pay might – you might want to charge – pay someone? This is how you might want to handle their development and do it all by the way remotely through our Flex app and paperless on-boarding and so forth. I think that’s going to be the biggest demand and growth besides retirement and time and attendance and of course insurances, and even beyond that, of course there’s merchant services that we sell through partnerships there is going to be pay-on-demand options that we already offer that will continue to grow all of those things, there is a tremendous. Once they see the value, that we can provide them, I think there is tremendous upside in the penetration.
Martin Mucci: I think Kartik, I will take the – start at that one. I think it’s been fairly normal. I think we really haven’t seen – as I mentioned earlier, I think value and focus for our clients have been so much on the pandemic and the value that they’re getting from our support during the pandemic and it’s been so critical to them. We have not seen – we’ve certainly seen a much better retention from going to competitors. So, we’re not seeing people leave to go to competitors. And so, I think even as the pricing has gotten for a little while there seem to be a little bit of a step-up in a number of free months and stuff like that, but again that’s quite back down and really don’t see much change in the competitive environment.
Martin Mucci: Yes, Samad, I’ll take that one to start anyway. It’s been good, I mean, we certainly have had some challenge I think on the front-end from a service perspective in some locations, but generally we’ve really picked up in the last. We’ve done a couple of things that have really picked up our hiring and filling those spots. We think we’re in good shape. From a sales perspective, we’re in very good shape from starting the year at full capacity with everybody in the seats, well trained and the products that we’re offering and I think we feel good about that. We are seeing it as a very big challenge for our clients and that’s providing some opportunities through again the employee retention tax credit and telling them how we can help them get dollars there that will help not only retain their employees, but they could use those – some of those dollars toward hiring too, you’re seeing a lot of upfront bonuses and things like that that clients have never even considered before that we’re helping advise them might be a good trend to start.
Martin Mucci: Yes, that under 20 has been strong, just like you said because of new formation of businesses and we’ve picked up very well there. I think on the mid-market, the fourth quarter saw a good increase and we looked at it over even 2019 because it was a tough compare or an easy compare, I guess I’d say last year because there wasn’t as much activity in the fourth quarter. We looked at it over 2019 and were up in the mid-market over pre-pandemic levels and in total, our power number hit a five-year high on the overall par that we sold. So, we feel good really kind of across the board mid-market more coming in the last quarter, and as we start this year, but fully staffed and ready to go and really seeing, you know now they’re really trained on how to sell from home and now, of course, the visits are opening back up, we are getting back up to the referral channels, the CPAs, and current clients. We’ve also introduced some technology last year on the client-side that helped us [probably] and mostly on the sub-20 or on the under-20 I guess I’d say, an automated referral network that we introduced through the marketing team and the sales team, which tells clients hey, here’s how far you are from free payroll or from other things that you can get by turning in one more referral and it’s very easy to do. So, we view some technology to pick up on the referrals as well and give better leads in an addition to the normal methods.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Andrew, I think the PEO side, we saw coming on stronger towards the end of the year. I think, again, the big challenge out there now for businesses is hiring and retaining employees and a benefits package and a very solid benefits package and easy to enroll is all – is going to become part of all of that package that you’re trying to get to attract employees and keep them. So, we do see insurance picking up some. Now we can provide insurance through the agency directly or through the PEO, but – and you’re also seeing, Texas and Florida picking up speed, as well as you’d expect since they’ve been pretty open, but again it’s a challenge to find people although it’s a little easier to find them there in those two states frankly than in other areas of the state. So, I think PEO will pick up some. It’s just been slower to pick up because the focus has been more on the HR need. Now the HR need, be it – and the HR need being how do I handle things like I mentioned like vaccination policy, people working from home, new flexible schedules, now it’s shifting to not only that, but also how do I hire and retain in a really tough market to find people and I think one of those things is going to be benefits and insurance.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think you’ve heard, certainly the unemployment benefits being high until Labor Day, at least in most areas of the country, I think that’s one. I do think there is still a lot of confusion about COVID and there is health concerns, you know that people are afraid like coming back, is everyone vaccinated or not, do I have to sit near someone, what’s the risks. I also think that there is still just a lot of childcare issues as well. We hear that from clients.  You know that schools are still kind of – and daycares are open or partially open, but there may be going now to summer schedules as well and I think people are just kind of playing it, kind of careful to come back and there is cash account, bank accounts, whether you’re in the market or not. If you’re in the market, the market’s way up and you’re feeling pretty confident of your financial position. If you’re not in the market, but you have stimulus payments, you’ve still got some of the highest cash accounts. I think if you look at the stats across the country that we’ve [had in year]. So people are feeling like they’ve got some financial wherewithal at least temporarily to probably get through the next couple of months. And then I think honestly, it’s going to open up pretty drastically in the fall, would be my take, because the unemployment is going to come back down, as well as the rules of looking for work. The schools should be back open full hopefully and daycares. I think, even more will be known obviously about COVID and the impacts of vaccinations. Hopefully vaccinations are up strongly as well by all those. Now you start to get the September, October, I think things are going to open and people are going to be getting back to work as cash account start drifting down a little bit.
Martin Mucci: Yes, it’s still. I’ll start with it. It’s still in the mid-teens free average client size. In some areas it has gone up a little bit actually and in others it’s decreased, but I think we’re still hanging in that mid-teens time frame or in that mid-teens size. And I think that it hasn’t had a big impact on retention. I think what’s really had the big impact on retention is the value we’ve delivered during the pandemic, in particular, and of course certainly some macroeconomic effects of people just wanting to say, hey, I’m going to focus on kind of battened down the business and not do a lot of change right now. And we’re expecting that to continue based on the value we’ve provided them during the pandemic that they’ve seen and experienced.
Martin Mucci: I think the investments we’ve made over the last couple of years, really making on-boarding of new employees very easy for our clients have been really important, it’s all paperless, it can now be done online and the partnership with Indeed is really picked up very well. The fact that Indeed gives credits to our clients for their early postings and so forth and get some of that kind of to the top of the list for posting. So from the standpoint of as soon as you let someone go, we can alert you to the fact that you can post that job now on Indeed, which is integrated with Paychex Flex. Indeed will post that job, if someone – as candidates apply for that job, you can now see all that through Flex, you can do video interviews, you can onboard that employee and all of their information that frankly they can setup by themselves, the person that’s applying for the job and all of that can be done and then improved and set up and run a payroll and all of their other HR products from us all paperless without ever anyone touching anything. So, I think that is continue – that is going to help a lot in the hiring process and the integration with Indeed is going to help people get posted out of the biggest job board frankly in the world. So, we feel very good about the partnerships and then about all of the process being completely paperless and on-boarding. And then once they’re in, all of the career development, the data analytics that we provide, the ability to communicate remotely through HR conversations where you can text within the app back and forth or message within the app back and forth all is very strong for hiring and retaining your employees.
Martin Mucci: Okay. I think the gains, obviously as you mentioned Mark are from new business formation. But also we’re retaining a number of clients. From that standpoint, we’re retaining more clients that would have gone to competition. We have not seen the losses as Efrain mentioned from price value that’s improved. To go to competitors, that has improved, particularly our largest competitor. I think we’ve done extremely well there from holding onto clients. The sales have also I think we’re picking up much more from an HR perspective. A couple of years ago we started selling really not from just a payroll perspective, but from an HR perspective, because we saw we were leaving value on the table for what the client really needed and I think that has helped us a tremendous amount for a client to say, hey, I’m not just looking for payroll, I’m looking for an HR need and when you sell the HR need it has time and attendance, which then leads to the payroll and it’s a total package. So, I think we’ve seen a nice pickup from the way we sell, the way we market. Our leads are up double-digits from last year, from the way we’re marketing on social media through the thrive conference, business conference we just had. I mean we have gotten much more sophisticated in the marketing and making the leads that we’re getting much more efficient for the sales teams to be able to go out and sell. And then if they’re not ready to buy, we have a great nurturing process of that lead that we have started a few years ago that I think is really matured extremely well.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think I would say, local – certainly it’s always been local competitors who that are not offering the value. It’s one of the things, local, regional competitors, smaller payroll companies, but some of our major competition too I don’t think, have done as good a job in showing both the technology as well as the fact that, hey, we are available 365, seven days a week, 24 hours a day, if you need something you can do self-service, you can do it yourself, it’s a great from a technology standpoint, but we’re not trying to push you away from calling us when you need us with a specific question. Any time of the day or night and that’s been very important as opposed to some that I think are trying to push into total self-service and becoming more of a Microsoft or Apple that it’s too difficult to call them if you really need them in a jam, but so they can have the full options available to us. So, I think we’re winning against local competitors. We’re also winning against our major competitor through the breadth of products we’re offering and the value and the client referrals have been very strong, particularly in the existing clients that we’ve held through some of the pandemic coming in.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think – as Efrain said, I think we’ve done a good job in some of the things we did particularly in some of the facilities, initiatives and so forth to reduce costs that allowed us to not only gain the margins, but keep the investment in marketing going. Certainly we’ve done as Efrain mentioned some brand work this year. Lot of pickup in the social media from that standpoint. We found I think very effective ways to spend our dollars in social and in SEM and SEO to be able to get a lot more attention and again to get more productive leads that are more efficient for our sales team as opposed to just a widespread any warmly that comes in, these are much more efficient from that standpoint. Sales growth, I think would be pretty normal from a sales team perspective and the good news is, that we’re pretty much fully staffed, pretty close to being fully staffed and ready to go as we begin this fiscal year. We’re seeing a good start to the year that came right out of the fourth quarter.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think Peter what you’re going to see is a lot more of self-service you’re seeing with, it was accelerated a lot with the pandemic that people, you know we always have been moving that way and have done a lot of work as I’ve mentioned a number of times on the call about self-service. But I think you’ll see even more of that. Clients want the ability to be able to do things and their employees and want their employees to be able to do things on their own and that’s probably no surprise. You’ll see us continue to offer that and to work to continue to make that simple on our mobile app. The app is still a five star mobile app. We’re very proud of that. We keep things as simple as we can. And it is, I said it’s everything is developed mobile first. So, we design it for the mobile app and that has continued to pay off for us and I think you’ll see things like the fact that employees of our clients are now making all of these changes for their bank accounts and their address changes, that happened relatively quickly over the last year or so that that has gotten over 80% usage by the employees of the client, that helps the client, that helps us to focus our service people on more value-added conversations and so forth. So [Technical Difficulty]
