Martin Mucci: Sure, and I’ll let Efrain jump in to. I think there is really two parts to it. One is, we've been down some head count temporary as you know in a challenging hiring, but we really picked up a lot of hires in the second quarter due to some creative things we did. But I would say overall the bigger impact is that we have automated a lot of the service models.  When you look at it and you think about chat bots, when someone comes on the web now to ask a question, over 60% of the questions are being answered in an automated fashion with a chat bot before they go to anyone live. Also as I mentioned in my comments, if you just think about the things we've done with Flex in our PEO offering, 99%, almost 100% of POE employee's, worksite employees handled open enrollment online digitally now, and that reduced calling in for questions and issues by over 25%.  So a lot of the things we're doing not only with the product, but with the service model themselves have reduced the number of calls that are coming in. Not only are the clients happier they are getting a faster answer and it's being done the way they want to receive it, which is either automatically or through chat, etc., but also we're saving expense and time and allowing our specialists to handle more value added calls for the client, so these are a wider range.  You know I think there's always a little bit wider range and you know that's our DNA, is to kind of drive margin as best we can. I would say a little is temporary, but most of it is the things that we've been doing year-after-year. 
Martin Mucci: No, I know. What your saying is exactly we're heading. There's more and more clients that can self-onboard themselves. I'd say we're still more – we are newer into that process, but that is happening, not only because it's good for our expenses, it's really good for the client, the client want to self-onboard. SurePayroll division has been doing this for some time and Flex is continuing to grow into that.  So if it's particularly a smaller clients, they want to start onboarding themselves, there's a couple benefits. Not only does it reduces costs, it allows the client to on-board themselves at their pace and it also really, it creates a lot fewer errors and interactions with the service team, because the client is doing it at their own pace and when they want to do it and how they want to do it. And the last thing is that it frankly many times is a better sale if you're buying online digitally and then you start self-onboarding yourself and you might need help, but if you don't, you complete that, it's better than multiple sales people and service people talking to you to implement you. So we're definitely headed – we're definitely down that path, more on this SurePayroll side, but Flex is increasing as well. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah, I think so far Q2 was still near record levels. It wasn't quite as high as the record that we saw in Q1, but it's very close to that. I really still think as I said last quarter that we will kind of even out at some place better than we were pre pandemic and I think a number of things that are helping that, there is fewer out of business, but there is also just the value of the product. What we're seeing is the value.  You know we are not seeing as many leaving for price value kind of category, because they are seeing the value of the product, especially in a time of COVID, with all the value we're bringing them from the product side, from the technology, handling a distributed workforce, with all of the mobile apps that we have and ability. And now the retention tools that we're giving them and the Paychex Pre-Check, where we are allowing the employees to review and approve kind of their own pay before he even gets processed.  All these things we’re getting back from clients are adding value and that is doing exactly what we hoped, which is not only adding value to the client, but improving retention. So we're near record levels in Q2. Don't see anything changing at this point in December. Of course December-January is really where we'll see the number for year end, but right at this point we expect things to even out certainly better than pre pandemic levels. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah, I think you know one thing we've got a very tenured team and Mike Gioja and the team has done just a gear job. You know Mike’s been in charge of that for over 10 years now and has just done a great job with that team and you know and I think one of the things, yes, the costs go up and you have to compete in this market and I think we've done that very effectively.  We also make it a great place for them to work. They can all – they all can work from home, yet they also have great office space that's available to them to come in, and they meet you know regularly, but they're all working from home. They are also working on some of the latest technology and digital services and that adds a lot of retention as well.  Years ago, you know 10-plus, 15 years ago you know where there was always an issue; are we working with the latest technology? Well you know we’ve blown well past that. We're a leader from an innovative product development, not only the products that we have, but the way we develop them and the infrastructure and architecture that we use. And so I think that is very attractive to candidates and attracted to the employees to stay here. So we're very proud of the tenure we have and I think we pay very competitively and that's why we've had good retention. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah, I think that's very true, and as Efrain went through those, every product is strong. We didn't necessarily expect retirement to be as strong as it is, and as I mentioned our PEP product, we're one of the first to come out with the PEP product, the pooled Employer Plan back in just January of this year, so not even a year later we are 10,000 clients.  We have sold that extremely well and when you look across the board, Efrain mention between time and attendance, but HR Solutions you know in a COVID environment is so critically important and the technology that we've been reduced on the mobile apps, so the ability to really handle distributed workforces, to be able to track vaccinations, and those who were unvaccinated, all these things are part of a digital experience that clients are really seeing. So I think most of it is sustainable growth that we're seeing.  Even the macro that you're seeing, more checks and so forth should be sustainable unless there's a drop off because of the very in in the next year, but we don't see that and still there’s room to grow. You know there’s a lot of people that are still not employed and we expect that could pick up next in the first part of half of the next calendar year. 
Martin Mucci: I think Bryan you know it's really. We've got a very, much more tenured sales force now great leadership that's been driving that now for a few years. I think the last year or so we ran into a great presentations, but people not making decisions, and I think we're now going back at those and we're winning a lot of these deals against competitors. Just won a big one yesterday and in really doing well against the competitors that are out there. I think because of the product work that's been done, and the technology that is really fitting exactly what they need at the moment.  As Efrain said, the agility to be able to turn around things like employee retention insights. The fact that we give them new compensation summaries for their clients or for their employees, whatever they have needed. We are feeling like we're kind of a step ahead and in the mid-market in particular they're really feeling the pinch and retention and attraction of new employees, and we're able to do that, and remember we talked about it on another call.  This partnership we have with Indeed, where you are connected digitally through Paychex Flex to Indeed the world's largest job posting site, you get a credit on Indeed, Indeed, you can post the job electronically, digitally then if they respond to the post, it goes right into the system, if you hire them, everything is paperless, these are all things that mid-market clients in particular right now need and we've been ahead of it and really hats off to the product management and development teams. I mean we have just been a step ahead of everything they need. So I think that is real and then the power of the sales team really has come through.
Martin Mucci: Interesting! I think we could tell with some of them, because you know of course they use our products for posting jobs and so forth and we can see and we actually give them you know kind of a notice that says, “Hey! You know if you just let someone – if you've just reducing an employee, would you like to post this? Would you like to do something with it?” I don't have that number right in front of me Kartik, but I think we continue to try to watch that to see and we know the average employees. I think definitely we have some sense that it can obviously continue to benefit us from where it is.  We're seeing the tailwind of the economy and that our employees, that our clients are hiring and as Efrain said you know, that we've seen the average size of the clients grow as well. So we still think there's some room to grow there and that would obviously give us continued tailwind. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah, I mean really strong at all sizes. I would say, right from SurePayroll size, very strong growth and from sure strong growth on the Flex side from small to mid-size, and the mid-market really we're doing very well. This is one of the best years we've had in years and I talked a little bit about that. Some of that is clients that got presented to last year that had really we are ready to decide. But I just think the overall package as Efrain said, we are really the only, one of the only maybe a two major competitors of the bunch that can offer everything in an integrated fashion with the latest technology.  So you can buy parts from other competitors, but you're going to have to connect the third parties. We can do that too, but if you want it all in one place and the HR expertise to back it up, with over 650 HR experts, which people really like to have as a back-up now, that's what they are seeing and is very strong. So we're seeing it across the board, sorry what was the second part of that, it was all the different. 
Martin Mucci: We're seeing some, yes, in the mid-market and we're winning more on the up front. I would say it's stronger on the up front like going head-to-head today, than necessarily winning them back, but we're getting some of those as well. And I think and we are still seeing a strong growth and as you know, new business starts. It's still, I think it's up year-to-date maybe 30% to 40%. So we are still getting a very small on the low end, there is more typically on the very low end as you know, but we're still seeing a lot of start-up businesses, and I think it's just part of the economy right now. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah, first I'd say that the sales Andrew have evened out pretty good. I mean we're having strong ASO and PEO sales. I think you know PEO has come on very strong, particularly in those, the great markets that we're in; hats off to the sales and service teams there. We are having not only good growth there, but also ASO. So it was really we're having good strong growth in both markets and I think it just shows the demand for HR Solutions that not only from a digital solution, but also with the HR Expertise that we can bring from both sides and the need for full benefits.  One of the things that we just did a survey and it comes out very strong is, the need – if you're going to attract and retain employees, you got to really look out for their wellbeing and that’s from a financial standpoint, that's from benefits, retirement included, they're really looking for that overall perspective. I’ll let Efrain, if Efrain you want to. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah, its continuing to trend well. It's a hot market as everyone knows to hire, it's very difficult. And I think that that partnership of being able to do it, you know to partner with Indeed who as I said is so many job postings, they are the largest in the world I think right now from a job posting site. To have that digitally connect, to also have to deal with them where they get some credits with Indeed to be able to post is all very strong, and then I think that that also attracts people. Then the full benefit, the full HR Solution that I just said, you know the benefits of retirement and all of the other benefits, insurance benefits, this is really attracting more people and retaining the client.  So that is all things that we can offer, not only from a full solution set, but from a technology standpoint that really attracts a generation that is out there deciding where they want to work today. You know they want things on their mobile app. The Paychex Flex mobile app is full featured. You can have your retirement, your insurance, your paystub, you have now Paychex. You know you are working for somebody who you feel like not only has full benefits, but they are a leader in technology when you use our product. So that's how we're helping our clients, particularly I guess I’d say in the mid-market to succeed and that drives a lot of value for them and for us. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah, I think what's happening there is there's a lot of mandates now that are coming out by state. You know we still haven't seen necessarily the federal mandate, but that's been discussed a lot, but a lot of states, California in particular, New York, some others are coming out saying that you know businesses – in some cases all sizes have to offer a retirement plan of some sort to their employees.  So there is going to be some – there's some mandates there that will have penalties that are starting to be enacted. Some are in place already and in California I think coming up in June. So there's a lot of attraction there to people not only looking at it from that standpoint, but also just from a hiring standpoint and full benefits.  There's a lot of interest as I mentioned in having a full suite of benefits for the wellbeing of the employees that’s helping retain them and attract them in a difficult market. So it's retirement, it's insurance, it's what's your work from home policy, your hybrid policy of working in office and home. It’s all those things kind of combined, it’s not just compensation.  So that's really picked up and we’ve had, continued to have a very strong retirement sales and the fact that we offer a multitude of products and we just went over 100,000 clients I mentioned earlier. It's a great milestone. We're still Number 1 in new 401-K plans that are offered and I think between our PEP plan and our regular 401-K plans and that raised very strong very strong conditions in the market and great success from our selling team, selling them and servicing them. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah sure, it will continue certainly on the marketing side as well to get – the leads are coming in from a digital standpoint. We've been very successful in the work that our marketing team and leadership have done. We expect that to continue. That is accelerated through COVID and how people are buying, but also you'll continue to see it in the way we sell from a digital standpoint and the way we onboard as well.  You're going to see that, the self-service we talk about, that's going to be continued, because this is the way clients deal. They want to go as no surprise, they want to go online, they want to see your product, test your product, price your product and even start implementing it themselves, and be able to do that with a world class innovative product and mobile experience, and that's what we've got. So you'll see our digital investments continue in that standpoint. We've seen a lot of success from the investment we put out so far and that's going to continue. 
Martin Mucci: Alright, thank you. At this point we will close the call. If you are interested in replaying the webcast, it will be archived for about 90 days. Thank you for the time you're taking to participate in this second quarter earnings release call and for your interest in Paychex. We wish you and your families a very happy and safe holiday season. Thank you all. 
Efrain Rivera: Yeah, there's no – to add there Kevin. I mean I’ll just say that you know this very well and I think many of the analysts that cover us. We have evolved significantly from a technology standpoint. We have evolved significantly in terms of our digital capabilities and the model shows it, the margin show it. We will put up our margins against anyone in the business, because to Marty's point, its durable, its sustainable and its technology based. 
Efrain Rivera: I think we're always trying to be conservative, especially in an environment like this, like you said, but right now record levels of par annualized revenue we're seeing and growth in the first half of the year and in the second quarter. It still seems strong, but selling season is really when we know how that'll be. But right now really all areas, you know retirement, HR Solutions, mid-sized business, you know our mid-market business and virtual sales, digital sales, all going strong. 
Efrain Rivera: Yeah, thanks Andrew, fair question. So when you look at the PEO business versus the Insurance business, the Insurance business moderated the overall growth of PEO and Insurance. PEO was solid double digits growing nicely; good client ads, good client wins. Insurance is a tale of two cities. The health and benefit side grew upper single digits and but where comp still remains a really tough compare, because that market continues to be soft.  I probably am going on four or five years of talking about softness in workers comp, but it is good to say it at least has moderated to the point where we were flat year-over-year, but increasingly it’s a smaller and smaller part of the business, but it hasn't bounced back yet.  So PEO are doing very well. I’d say health and benefits on the insurance side are doing well. Workers comp kind of creating a situation that moderates the overall amount. Hopefully as we get into next year that will start to turn around. But I've said that before and been wrong before, so don't take it to the bank. Thanks. 
Efrain Rivera: Let me start and then a maybe Marty can add some further color. So, if you look at Management Solutions and you kind of apply, kind of a broad umbrella of what's in that revenue stream, you really have three important components. As many of you know, you've got HCM solutions that are roughly about, a little bit under half of that revenue stream, but then I would say there's two other parts that we don't talk about as much, but increasingly have become very, very important, which are the combination of retirement services and also what we would call ASR, HR Outsourcing; this not PEO.  So if you look at that, those two in comparison to HCM, they are now almost 50% of what HCM is and they are growing at rates that are faster than HCM. Now HCM had a very strong quarter; it's not that it didn’t. It's just that retirement services and HR Outsourcing had even stronger, even stronger quarters.  Now those are not one-time things. There's demand in the environment for both retirement services. I think Marty mentioned PEP plans, etc. and our success there, pretty clear we are leading the market in terms of selling of that product. If you look at, if you trace that back, we didn't release it, but you trace that back to our sales. Sales have been very strong and on the HR Outsourcing area, solution side, that's been very strong too. Both of those are driven by unique factors in the Market HR, because of the uncertainty the environment, the demand, the value proposition has never been higher and as a consequence demand is very strong.  And on the retirement side, there are increasing amounts of states that are mandating retirement plans for employees that have benefited our business and that continues to grow strongly. So what have I just said? I've said that a lot of the demand of forces within Management Solutions obviously have benefited from a pandemic rebounded, but if I isolate the HR Outsourcing and retirement services, those are responding to other forces in the economy that we think are pretty durable.  So long story short, there isn’t a lot of one-time in there. There are some things. The rebound certainly is part of it, but there are also structural demands; structural factors that are driving demand higher. 
Efrain Rivera: So, you know inflation in general is a net positive, hard to say it that way, but what it does is because of the segment of the market that we're in, we have relatively more pricing power than if you work in the enterprise space, although I suspect they'll have more and more pricing power. So it gives us, in terms of our model, a measure of ability to price maybe a little bit higher than we have experienced in previous years, to the extent that inflation also drives interest rates higher that also has a benefit on to the business.  So obviously there is a balance there in terms of, if interest rates and inflation surged too high, could have a dampening effect on economic growth, but assuming it's under some reasonable level, it's going to be a net positive for the business. 
Efrain Rivera: Yeah, so Bryan to your point, I think that we've had very, very good average revenue price per client, especially on our HCM clients, it's been very positive and our price realization in this environment when you triangulate the retention, plus the extra, the additional value added in terms of services sold we we've been able to do very, very well.  One thing we haven't talked about, which I don't want to – you know I don't want to forget in this process. One of the strengths of our model is that we are really very, very quick, and Marty mentioned this earlier. We are very, very agile in terms of responding to two new opportunities that come up as a result of changes in legislation.  So we mentioned that there's this service we call Employee Retention Tax Credit. We have, I think throughout the pandemic shown agility in terms of responding very quickly and creating value added products and services for our clients. That’s helped both to raise our average revenue per client, also helped us to justify the price realization that we’ve done. Marty said, we’ve been losing very few clients to, because the dissatisfaction with value and price and its part because we keep raising the value of what we're providing to clients and they've responded very well. 
Efrain Rivera: The other thing I’d add Bryan is that you know before in previous years we talked a lot about client sizes trending down in terms of clients sold. You know in the last year what we’ve seen in the clients sizes, especially in our mid-market business are trending up, not down, and I think that part of it is, there – in this environment the ability to bundle the right level of value added services to a mid-market client is valued very highly and not all of the competition can do that, because not all of the competition has an integrated platform, plus world class service and I think that that's a winning proposition in the marketplace right now. 
Efrain Rivera: So yeah, I think we’re certainly trending at the high end of that range. We’ll see whether we actually beat the high end Jason. I think the second part of that is that, you know it's really balanced performance. I'd say last year, when I reflect back, you know I've been – in this quarter last year I think management solutions was up 1% and PEO and insurance was up about 3% or 4%. We were pleasantly surprised that actually we had started to see a return, a quick return to revenue growth. But it really was fueled an important measure by retention, which as Marty mentioned earlier was at record levels. We still continue to have very good retention, that's been great, but our sales performance has been really strong this year. So a combination of both of those is really what's driving. I would say it helps a little bit more towards the sales side rather than the retention side, but both have been strong
Efrain Rivera: And I’d say Kartik, we obviously to put a plan together as we get into the spring of next year we’ll create a more detailed estimate of what we think. It will be really important to see where we end up in the January - February time frame. You know last year and it seems like many, many, years ago, there was an outbreak. There was the post-thanksgiving winter outbreak like we're having now in New York and it did have a little bit of impact. We're not seeing that right now, but we'll have to get through the next month, month and a half, to get a better sense of where we're at.
Efrain Rivera: Yeah, you know with respect to the question on margins, the margins on PEO are going to be lower, not because the core offering has lower margins, but because of the absence – I’m sorry the inclusion of pass through revenues on insurance. So to Marty's point when you sell the full benefit, you've got insurances attached. Those carry lower costs, because a portion of them are pass-through. So the margin is lower on the PEO or the revenue can be higher. 
Efrain Rivera: Yeah, and Peter on the margin part, you know one of the things that I think you've seen in the model certainly over the last three, four quarters or so is that when you have growth in revenue, you don't have attendant costs associated with it typically, and so you scale mostly and drop a lot to the bottom line. I think that's particularly true on management solutions where that's a higher margin – that's the higher margin portion of the revenue and so when ASOs is growing at the rate that it's growing, because of the way that our business model works, a lot of that ends up dropping to the bottom line. So it – all of the mix shift in terms of the way the business has been growing has been helpful to margins. 
A - Martin Mucci: You know really Jason, it's not. I mean we've been very successful selling you know from virtually and I think that we’ll continue they have the option if the client and the rep agree you know to get together. More of them are doing that, and I think even with the variant, I think they're still – you know they are still doing that. But so many of the presentations now, particularly in the midmarket you know can be done virtually and really I think we’ve really fine-tuned that through this time.  And the sales engineering team, and so they’ve just done a great job in kind of building out sandboxes and different examples for a client that are very personalized so the client could say, ‘this is what you're going to get, this is how you work through it, and frankly it's probably easier to do it virtually and digitally than it is in front of the client you know, because they can all see it right in front of them and they can take them through it. So yeah, I don't think it will affect us.  We're well staffed, we're you know great products;, everything's really moving very well, so it feels very strong right now, but we'll know at the end of selling season, but we feel pretty good right now with the momentum. 
A - Martin Mucci: Yeah James, it's pretty early but we're getting a lot of great feedback from clients, because everyone's looking for that kind of information and I mean we certainly use the same kind of thing and have for some time internally and now it’s much more built for mid-market and small clients to be able to use. It using a number of factors just to look at what – which employees do you think are most likely to leave; that gives them some insight into that and it can help them with the retention.  So it's pretty early in the adoption, I guess early innings of this thing I would say, but it's really been very well accepted and I think they feel like it's an easy way to use Flex to get that insight. So I would say it's still early, but great feedback with what we're doing from a predictive analytic basis. 
A - Martin Mucci: Yeah, sure. You know we obviously from our small business index and that really looks at the clients of ours that are under 50 employees. You know we're seeing continued growth, job growth for six months in a row now, so the job growth is good. Now we're still as you know you know what I round to 61% participation rate I think, which is down a couple of percentage points from pre pandemic. We're still short around 4 million jobs from pre pandemic, 1.5 million of those are leisure and hospitality.  So I would say the ones that are still struggling the most are the restaurants and you probably know everyone kind of sees that anecdotally from cut back hours or even you know closed a few more days than they normally would. I think that's where still the biggest struggle has been and it's a combination of you know the pay which has gone up dramatically. We're seeing average part time pay for our client base. Part time pay per hour is $19.62 last month. It's an amazing thing when you think two years ago everybody was arguing about getting to 15.  So it is more costly, the supplies are more costly as well, but I think from an employment perspective, that's probably the one that is suffering the most. But I do think that as things change now and some of the stimulus money dries up, the unemployment has changed of course back toward more normal levels, but the child tax credit you know may end up going away as well, it's been arguments.  You know you got to pay your tuition payments now. They've been deferred many of them, rents. I think you're going to see more people come back in the first and second quarter would be our guess based on what we're hearing from clients. So they’ve seen growth, but there's still a lot of people that are still sitting on the sidelines. But I think you know depending on what the market does and of course just kind of overall cash balances, as things are all coming together we expect more people to be hired in the next six months as that continues to pick up. 
A - Martin Mucci: Yeah, the other thing with that is even if we knew, because we have some sense of how many openings there are, you don't know if that restaurant or that business is going to back fill them or not. They may have become more efficient. We certainly have seen our clients become more efficient during this period and realize that they could do without this employer or that one and not hire back after an extended period of time and not been able to get somebody. So it's a little hard to predict, but we still think there's certainly room for that to grow. 
A - Martin Mucci: Yeah, its early innings for pre-check, but we're getting very good feedback and that it's very easy for them to check that the accuracy that from a client perspective they feel the accuracy is helping them, you know from the standpoint that their employees aren’t going to complain that something they – they got something that they didn't expect in the paycheck. That they got a chance to see their hours, that they got a chance to approve those or be able to say from a digital standpoint, “Hey! I disagree with this, and I have a question that the employer can take care of.”  So it's early. Mark, I'd give you a better sense probably in a quarter or two, but really good feedback on the early clients that we've seen from that standpoint. 
A - Martin Mucci: Yeah, you know it's been steady, but still I'd say pretty light. You know there's certain clients, the more the hourly and restaurants, things like that, and they are still a little bit slow to adopt it. I think we can, we still got a lot of opportunity, really to advance that as more people get used to it and there's more demand for it. I think clients are a little concerned sometimes about offering it, because we are not sure if that's going to have a cashful impact, which it doesn't, and then the employees are not aware of it and so they don't ask for it.  I think you're going to see over the next, it'll take I think the next couple of years, but I think they'll be a very big demand for that as you know employees just say, ‘hey, look I want to get paid today’ and I think you'll see a resurgence of more gig economy kind of thing where I'm working two or three jobs, but they're all I want the money now because it's eight hours here in eight hours there.  So I'd say still pretty light success for those who do it, they like it, and we're trying to find new ways to build that out and grow that business, because we think it's really going to be a big demand in the future. 
