John Morphy: No. We expect growth next year. We do not expect to be where we are. I think the -- no matter [ph] this year is we've gotten off to going backwards, and we've got to going forward. So I think HRS revenues, well, we got a little bit of a blip here, which we talked about. We expect they will come right back. Payroll revenue gross should be stronger next year, and while we still got some headwinds, they're not all headwinds.
John Morphy: We're hoping to get client growth next year, positive. And we were down 1.6 at the end of the third quarter. I think it would be down approximately one-ish when we go look at the year-over-year. We did a little bit less acquisition this year, but not that much. And we're optimistic these changes will help us. But again, when you look at the following year for our client growth, it's important, it's going to be more important for the year after that, so.
John Morphy: A little bit more. And the reason I gave you guidance on next year is, I think that these numbers are almost impossible to calculate. And rather than have you try to calculate and then be wrong, we made the decision we would give the guidance on '12, some interest rates don't change and we're using a pretty accurate -- I mean, floating comp compared to our budget is very close to what we thought it was going to be. It might even be a little bit better, but things bounce off sometimes one period, but it moves around, and floating can be somewhat seasonal.
John Morphy: That's not that big. We got some checks, it's not a big thing. It's more reason we disclosed that is to give you an indicator what's going on out there. I mean, two years ago, checks were down 10%, money was down 5%. And last year, they were flat. And this year, they're up double-digits. Now the good news is, when they're both up the same, that means these owners are willing to spread this money throughout the organization, but they didn't do a year ago. And it also means that their business were doing quite well, and they're making more money again. So those are all good signs. But actual dollars don't affect us that much.
John Morphy: We use the historical before all the time, but we didn't try to get 4%. And you got to remember, pricing is in two places. It's in the base, it's in new sales. New sales can be different from the base only because you have competition on the sale. And once you have a client in the base that they're happy with the service, they very rarely redo the price.
John Morphy: Really, it's a general improvement in one area of the economy, new business. If you speak of probably what we have today, is that the businesses that have weathered this recession, for the most part, are doing well, even on it's small end. It's large corporate America's doing, but you need to get to where people are confident enough to start some new businesses and they've got an access to capital to do it. That still remains a little mixed. I think it's just because the environment is a little scary, and it isn't as easy as it was five, six, seven years ago.
John Morphy: Revenue per check went up. That's normal. I don't know that revenue per check has ever gone down, except when you lose enough checks and were down some, but not related to pricing. And discounting is still in the new sales environment, about like it was. It hasn't gotten any worse, but ADP is still there. And discounting in the base and the recovery of discounts, given at the time of purchases, improved.
John Morphy: Really isn't indicator of check per client. It really is an indicator of how well small business is doing. I mean...
John Morphy: We still think most hiring comes off new businesses. We don't think it comes out of small business per se, but we're seeing 2.6% range increase in checks per client. We know a little bit of that increase is because we're not selling as many new small clients, so you don't get tremendous hiring. When you start talking about creating jobs, most of it is in the slow end, it's going to come on a new business formation. A lot of these companies don't add employees. They're successful, and they learned to live without them. And when they get rid of them, they don't bring them back quickly. But only time will tell, I hope we would change in that. But the reason I say that is checks per client is usually pretty stable. It has been the best over the last four quarters that we've probably seen in 15 or 16 years. I think that's a combination of things got so bad and a combination of the new markets. New business starts not coming quite back yet.
John Morphy: On both. On both, but the SurePayroll platform is a side we haven't been able to participate in. And if you've got more do-it-yourselfers, there's really small stuff that might happen. But on the other side, when people don't want to spend time doing payroll, they want to focus on growing their business and getting started, they're going to outsource.
John Morphy: Well, basically, most of the PEO impact is one-quarter only. We had two things happen. Workers' comp is something we have to look at every quarter. If we look at the actuarial accidents, more people has to make the cost as it going to be. And going into a year, we're usually favorable for the year, but we don't know which quarter it's always going to get booked in. And this time we got a little bit extra in the third quarter, which made the growth a little bit higher. And we believe that, that a little bit of extra we got, we're not going to get in the fourth quarter. Maybe we will, but we don't think we're going to. And another factor, that was to some extent but not as big as that one, is the fact that healthcare rates in the PEO environment were raised substantially going into January, and we did lose some customers who were extremely sensitive healthcare. One of the problems of the PEO, it's an advantage and a problem, is PEOs -- first, their other full outsourcing channel are very interested in healthcare. And a lot of times, they're simply shopping for the lowest healthcare they can get. And rates went up, so we had some clients who decided to go elsewhere. That part would carry over, but we're back selling the works, that employee number went up strong still in the period, despite those losses. So we don't think that's going to be significant going forward.
John Morphy: Actually, it's 1/3 CPAs, but 1/3 clients. And the other third is, I wouldn't necessarily call it cold calling, it's what they call the scramble, telemarketing, all kinds of stuff, bank channels, those things. The only change we're seeing a little bit of is more people go to the Internet to buy, as opposed to talking to their friend or somebody in business, which is why we've had to switch more of our marketing money into Google. So I think we're a -- basically, Google is picking up the parts that's missing there.
John Morphy: Well, the only guys we work for, the guy who used to run this place, he doesn't accept flat in the plan. So obviously, we're not sure it's realistic, but we're not happy with where we are. We'd rather be up. At least we're moving in the right direction. But I can't imagine Paychex ever having a plan that has negative client growth.
John Morphy: We're working on things all the time. That platform efficiency is far from done. And basically, our overall commitment is that whenever service revenue goes up, operating income, excluding floats, got to go up more. And we're trying to get to two to three points difference. And right now, two is probably more realistic, only because you don't create as much revenue growth, but that's our culture. A day when revenue growth and operating income growth are the same, would be a day that we're not very happy.
John Morphy: Let's say, 4% to 5%. It's inflation and some other stuff, but that number doesn't generally change it too much.
John Morphy: Minor, not big. When we estimate this float number, I tell you that those two bits were down 8%. We won't be off much. We estimate it this year, I think what the estimate was it's almost dead-on what we thought it would be.
John Morphy: MMS is better than that. But when you do it on revenue, the 81% would be better, too. If you did it on revenue, number gets down around, it's up to about 84%, 85%. But I don't think now, while I think it could get better than 19%, so I think it's going to 15? No.
John Morphy: I don't think we lost share. But ADP, probably, we don't steal as much from ADP as we used to, because they just gotten so aggressive on pricing, but that seems to have calmed down, so I think this is starting to abate.
John Morphy: The local and regional have gotten better. The new pricing method work on that now. There'll be some specific ones that might not be better. But overall, we are doing better against the local prices.
John Morphy: Almost a third every year. $400 million is not an exact number. So if you're going to try to look at that and determine the exact core number, it's really like throwing a dart.
John Morphy: See, the other problem, the MMS, when you want to look at it this way is while we say MMS is 50 and above, it really isn't just 50 and above. It's a platform that requires more complication, more features. And some of it is because it wasn't in the core platforms. And now what we're starting to do is, core will now start to take some away from the MMS platform, new core platform more features in it. So while we can say that's kind of what we're doing up market, we kind of look at them together more and more now as they're going together more and more.
John Morphy: I'm factoring Stromberg out of that. I don't put Stromberg in, so if we're setting 10% to 11%, and you're in an environment that's it's got to be better than that. I think the longer-term goal for HRS is still in the 13% to 15% range. But this is an environment where we get double-digit in, but we haven't proven we'll get a lot more. A lot's going to depend on how healthcare does.
John Morphy: It really relates to the selling costs are higher in the second half. We also look at the second half, and you got all the year-end third quarter stuff. The lowest-margin quarter is almost always the fourth quarter. We add salespeople. We do other investments. It's just the way the year runs. See, what happens is, we start off the year and you get a price increase. All the operating people sit on that adding people, eventually do add some of them. And it just, it's how it's worked. It's worked that way for a long time.
John Morphy: It would take quite a bit. I mean, SurePayroll is going to be less than a percent of revenue for the year, so I mean, it's...
John Morphy: It's hard to say, because the guy who starts a new business, we're not talking to him, and we don't see him. We see our existing clients but they're not the ones who would start -- someone who'd add an idea or something, so it's hard to tell who would tell you that.
John Morphy: Not much change. I don't see anything our net income or -- it's almost everything falls in line with cash. I don't see any accumulation on the balance sheet, SurePayroll won't change that. All the characteristics are the same as ours, so I don't think any of that is going to change.
John Morphy: Well, we definitely acquired SurePayroll to get at a market we can't get it in. I mean, the do-it-yourself market, which is about 5 million businesses in the U.S. that do payroll with a pencil or a pen and a memo of basically from the government how to do it, and we couldn't get at that market. I mean, they want to do it themselves and we don't have anything to offer them. So that's where SurePayroll will focus on that -- the small outsourcers that, I don't know how small outsourcers can actually know whether they're getting their share. I mean, most of them are local and regional, there's only about two or three payroll providers. There are more than 50,000 clients. They can look at what they're doing, but that can be all over the map. Some of our, when we had the advantage licensees, some of our best licensees actually didn't sell a lot of new accounts each year, but they didn't lose hardly any. They just had a business that was more stable, but when we had some licensees, they were pretty profitable.
John Morphy: No, we don't look at it too much of that way. But when you go talk to branch-by-branch, unless you really get to some of the place in the country which are hurt worse, but even Detroit is doing about the same as everybody else.
John Morphy: Well, they're in that market that's trying to get people that do it with the pen and pencil to switch to a computer, so it's probably not as dependent on new business starts.
John Morphy: I don't know. I think they all stayed about the same. We really didn't see any big difference in anything.
John Morphy: We give them a little bit more flexibility. I have to say, it was probably more regionally that we saw issues like that, but there was a little bit more flexibility given. Yes.
John Morphy: Bankruptcies are still a big portion, I think it's rated around the 22%, might be down to 21% or something.
John Morphy: I didn't sell as many as I lost. And last year, I didn't -- I sold fewer than I did than the loss, the losses came down. Next thing is when you talk about revenue for payroll in the fourth quarter, the comparisons, year-over-year starts to get a little bit more difficult as checks per client made its first positive move in the fourth quarter a year ago.
John Morphy: Well, we've said in prior calls, normally it's flat, except for downturns. So this is kind of a new territory we're in. I think some of it is because the job losses got so severe and we don't have new business starts coming in, which will be small business, which would take my number down. I don't do this on same store sales because I can't do. I mean I could do it, but not very well, I get too much churn. We basically take the number of checks who were written during the period and divide it into the average client base. That's how we do it.
John Morphy: You also got to remember, we're in the down market. So if you take the total employees that we're in the market of, it's about 30 to 35 million. So we're not -- when you start talking about the whole U.S. economy, we're at the bottom. So when they do all those other numbers, there's a lot of stuff in there that we don't even see.
John Morphy: It could, but again, they've got more clients, they've got more checks, I don't really care. And it's also when we give this checks per client we give this when the economy is bad and through these changing times. Eventually, we'll stop giving that number because people analyze it and read things into it that it may not mean. We've done that before. I mean, we gave it in 2002 and '03, I can remember when we stopped. And then we returned to giving it when we got into this recession. So when it's an indicator, and we think we got a measurement that you can look and make some sense out of, we give it to you. But once it starts getting all over the map, because everybody wants to hang in this number and they overreact in the world, sometimes moves on something that is -- something it doesn't want.
John Morphy: You got price increases, you got all things going, but you've got to remember that the base is a different place sometimes in this business so.
John Morphy: Well, that stuff still happens. I mean, if we do that and we continue -- but not a lot has changed very much and not a lot usually change in this business. Now the other thing, we haven't talked about this in a while, and when you look at new business sales one of the reasons you look at this, is how much impact is it going to be. And we're still in the situation where what we sell during the year is not a significant part of revenue. [indiscernible] But we can look out and people ask us, what do we see next year and somebody is worried about we're going to be [ph] flat. We're not going to be sitting on flat. And we have a pretty good luck, I mean, both the good news and the bad news for us all the time as we look out 12 months we know about what it’s going to be and sometimes, we'd like to be better, not easy to do that and so is not likely to be much worse.
John Morphy: It would be accepted if more and more people are shifting off that payment method. They're not [indiscernible], all the assets and there's legislation going on, that's going to be a big change. Now we've evolved their products towards these other choices, deliberately, and we get fees differently, so we don't feel at risk on this. We're still getting revenue from these things, but we've moved around, so we don't believe it’s going to be a big change.
John Morphy: Well, the problem is that, you can't compare the two because their PEO is their primary way of going to market on full outsourcing. Our primary method is our full outsource product. The thing that you have to look at is, how many work site employees are we servicing, they won't tell you. I mean, that's what they tell you. And more of there is on the PEO than minor. And they push the PEO more outside Florida, than I do. But we were the first ones to get to these products. We were the first want to offer it outside the PEO environment, and as a result, we still think we have as many work site employees as almost as many as the next three combined.
John Morphy: I think they do a good job of running their PEO, and I think sometimes the other two have issues, I'm not going into detail about them. But ADP does not seem to have those issues, so I think we've got a well-run PEO. We're just in the PEO environment a little more than we are.
John Morphy: I didn't say we'd get to positive growth. I guess, basically, I said when I measure year-over-year at the end of the fourth quarter, I think the decrease, and it will probably be a decrease, would be less than 1.6%. Okay? When you get to a crossover this gets a little bit complicated because we have gotten over the crossover the first six months of the fiscal year, client growth is usually relatively stable. And for the last couple of years, we've actually had slight increase, very slight. But the big season is the selling season in the third quarter; it's also the big loss season. And with new business starts up there, it makes it a little more challenging, but it's getting better. And then in the fourth quarter, it's important to us because that's when our normal selling season hits again, with people being at the end of the year, which because of new business starts that's also been a little more difficult. So it's a little bit seasonal, but we expect to see improvement, I'm sure we're going to have a financial plan that's going to go for positive. And we do all those things we can to get it to be positive, but I wish I could tell when I thought I was going to go positive, but I don't know. But I do know that whenever the client growth you build into the plan is, our goal is to make the plan. And in this fiscal year, we obviously will be below our planning client growth, but when it comes to making the profit, we'll make it.
John Morphy: No. I would expect it will be something less, but again, that's -- we're already I'm in areas where it's better than I thought it would be, but sometimes you get too pessimistic about it. So we're still optimistic it's going to go up, but you going to go against the tougher comps. I don't think it will be at the levels as that, but I still think it will be positive and more positive than we generally see. So we'll see what happens. That's where really start to change a little bit, when new business starts come back, I will be so happy for that, we won't care about the comps. Care about them, but it won't be at the same degree.
Martin Mucci: Yes. And the 1.6 decrease that we show this quarter is really an improvement. It's turning around. That's the best it's been in two years. So we definitely think that with the client growth coming back and turning positive, as well as all the checks per client and the revenue per check now pretty consistent, that we certainly will have growth next year.
Martin Mucci: Well, the key things we're working at right now would impact the sales. A lot of the sales initiatives for the training, the compensation plans, the hiring and recruiting and so forth, for the management team, I think, will help on the sales. On the revenue, we continue to see that we're getting more revenue per check. We're adding some product functionality, which I think adds value for our clients. And so I think they're also willing to pay a little bit more for that. And so I think the revenue per check, while it changes not all that dramatically, I certainly think it will come up some. But you got the checks per client going up as well, so that drives revenue, obviously per client, not on average client.
Martin Mucci: I think the biggest thing there is, it was very complicated. We had a number of levels over the years that we built in for good reasons to drive incentives. But it ends up so complicated that a lot of times, the reps don't know exactly what they're going to get paid for, for what they're selling and when -- and then they're checking on it and so forth. We tried to simplify it a great deal. We also wanted to raise it some, to attract candidates coming in with a little bit more experience. And I think those are probably the biggest changes. But it's just it's really important that you make it very simple and be able to drive up kind of the percentage of the real revenue that they bring in. They're going to get paid for it. It's going to be very simple and clean for them. They're going to know what they're getting paid. And they're going to be very clear on what their total compensation can be when they succeed. And I think, probably the biggest things are making sure we're at a good base rate for how to bring people in and then simplifying on it on a go-forward basis.
Martin Mucci: I think it's helped us. This is what we introduced back in the October-November time frame. And then we looked at tweaking it. When you introduce anything, we're looking at adjusting things here and there, which I wouldn't get into too much detail, but I think it helps us from the standpoint if it was what's simpler to sell. Before, I think what we talked about two quarters ago, John probably described where discounting was kind of quite variable all over and there were bundles. And I think sometimes, a lot of product in the bundle that clients didn't understand or salespeople had a hard time selling, we tried to clean that up a little bit. And we made the bundle simpler and then sold à la carte. And I think that's been positive and negative. I think it's been positive in this fact that some clients, it's easier to sell. Other clients when you sell à la carte, you have to sell a lot more to get to the full bundle of what the client needs. So we've been tweaking some of that. I think it's been good. Obviously, it didn't drive as much of the increase in growth of new clients that we wanted. But we still think a lot of that is the environment of new business starts. But one thing is, we just don't see yet as the new business formation, and that seems to be what's holding us back.
Martin Mucci: Yes. We're just making some of those changes. So I think that could help. The new business formation, I don't think we've seen a lot that we'd say -- and there's always lagging indicators there. I haven't seen a great indicator of that. But it's hard to see that, that has improved much. Mostly, it still appears to be getting cash to start up their businesses. And the cash is still tight for brand-new businesses. Those who are existing seem to be getting the cash. Those who are new are not. And they don't have home equity that they used to use to start up some small businesses well, because a lot of that is still upside down. So we haven't seen that indicator yet, but sometimes you see that later after it's already happened.
Martin Mucci: Yes, Adam, I think the ultimate result that you want to track are actually, obviously, the sales. I think that the initiatives that we've been putting in place was first to revise some of the training, to give -- to tighten up some of the training and give more selling skills as well as product knowledge, basically on the products that we're selling. We've tightened that up and already have been running that since November-December time frame. We completed deployment of new tablets, which gives them the tools that they need, a faster tablet that allows them to connect with salesforce.com, which is all their -- lead generation and customer relationship management tools, that has been completed now, just in the month of February. And then we're going to the comp plans, which we won't introduce until fiscal '12, which is June 1. And that was always the goal, so that we are starting on a kind of fresh year and introduce those. And then of course, there's leadership changes, which most have been made, the final one being the top executive that I'm interviewing for, and hope to fill very shortly. So you kind of put that all together. And obviously, the final scorecard is better improved sales. And you always got the economic environment that you have to always kind of judge how much of that is that, how much is execution. So a lot of things going. Everything pretty much on schedule as we wanted it to be, and now just putting it all together.
Martin Mucci: I think it's hard to say. I mean I feel good about the initiatives that we've put in place and that they're all on track. So what I think some of the pay off from some of that, when you have new comp plans and aren't starting till June, obviously, that hasn't. If that's going to kick in some improvement in execution, that hasn't done it yet, because they're not out there. I don't know. It's hard to say. I think whether you want to say 50-50 or more at 60-40 now, the macroenvironment, because we're moving on these initiatives, maybe that's a...
Martin Mucci: Well, I think we're always looking for whatever will drive growth. And right now, we've tied -- the acquisitions in the past, the time and attendance and benefit enrollment, everything's tied to payroll. And we're continuing to look outside that circle as well. If there's things that we can benefit from because of our sales, having over 2,500 reps on the street, if there's something that we can drive with those reps by acquiring something that fits small business between that employer and employee and is not directly to tie it to payroll, we're still very interested in it. Whatever can drive growth that ties to our small and medium-size businesses and getting more value, we're looking at it.
Martin Mucci: Don't really anticipate too much. We've always seen in the marketplace that there is those who want full control of their payroll and there's those who don't. They want the responsibility given to someone else, and like us. And so when we look at SurePayroll, we felt that, that was a market that was really for those who want full control. They want to do it themselves, take the full responsibility. And so we don't see a lot of overlap there at all. And we think that, that's a pretty big untapped market when you have the businesses that are out there doing it on pen and paper, and maybe spreadsheets, move in more to the web. They'll go to SurePayroll. Those who always want to outsource and just be out of it because it's not worth it to them to follow the rules and the changes and so forth or import it themselves, come to us.
Martin Mucci: Well, attrition is up a little bit from historical trends. It's been pretty consistent in the past, and so it's been up a little bit. I think that's a combination of just being a tough selling environment right now for a period of time, it's probably worse on some, and so that's up a little bit. And then having some management changes drives it up. It's not -- we think it will start to come back down now, back to the normal levels, but it was -- it's been up a little bit, slightly up from the past.
Martin Mucci: And at the same time, I think it's important that -- and John has mentioned this before, as we get that productivity, we drive a lot of it, a lot of the savings back into the development, the IT development and so forth. So we're very focused, particularly over the last couple of years at driving some of the productivity, drive some of the margin, but much goes back into investing in new products and new development.
Martin Mucci: The payroll sales force is basically complete. And so that 2,500 reps in total, the payroll sales force just under 2,000. So we've done over just under 2,000 at least. And then the other sales force has continued to have it. We rotate so many. We push so many each year, but we made a concentrated effort this year to probably put close to 2,000 out, here in the last four, five months.
Martin Mucci: That's correct. Well, it's an online order taking. So with these faster tablets, it's easier to -- We basically now, over the last six to 12 months, can go out to a client, take the order and put all their information on the tablet. And turn it around, have them sign it, and then send it right to operations, which has given us some productivity as well and improve the sales process.
Martin Mucci: Yes. But you still got a big percentage of that being out of business. So the ones we can focus on are the ones with client satisfaction, price, things like that, product feature functionality. But there's a big piece of that. So it's not the business nonpayment, because they don't have employees.
Martin Mucci: I guess really even. I think we take -- we used to be a little ahead on the net from what we could see. And now I'd say, it's, pretty even.
Martin Mucci: The early read is -- I mean, there are 23 million. And I think the only number we gave was their 2010 calendar was 23 million, which was very close to what we expected. And the early read on the business is very good. No surprises, they run a very good business. It doesn't seem to be a lot of overlap. We've got a lot of talent there on the marketing side and a number of sides and their sales, their inside selling force. And so, we're very pleased.
Martin Mucci: We've also added a number of products and functionality in there that we included in that. So you got the HR, the time and attendance, a lot of things were on that MMS space.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think that the focus on the marketing is a number of things. One, lead generation is the most critical thing that the team is focused on now. I think we've done a pretty good job, but I think we could always do better by bringing some professional marketing experience, like Andy has, both in the payroll and a number of other industries. How are we with lead generations? Are we getting the most out of them? We have a great sales force out there. But you can always give them more leads, and are we capitalizing enough out of the CPA market, out of the banking community, out of current clients and off the web. And so we're spending a lot of this initial time, we're just in the last three or four weeks focused on that. The next would be the brand. We have a strong brand, but it's not always known. It's much other than payroll. It's very strong on payroll. But outside of payroll, when we have this full suite of products to complete HR outsourcing, we've been doing for many years, and I think we need to capitalize more on that brand and he will be focused on that. In addition to that, it will be focused a lot on more competitive intelligence, I think it's something that we have not had a sound a process in before doing what competitors are doing, where the best new opportunities are coming over the next few years, and Andy's spending time on that. So Andy has his hands full, but he's got a very good team there. And I think, that would be some of the things that we'll focus on right out of the gate.
Martin Mucci: I think, as far as product and functionality changes. I don't think I've ever felt better about our product set. At the low end, we're on the new platform now, it's working extremely well. It's driving productivity, it's giving -- we just introduced online W-2s and pay stubs in November. We revised the online reports. More clients are using our online reports and the flexibility in web interface. The midmarket has got more functionality and integration than it's ever had. And we're continuing to invest quite a bit in that. And we're seeing changes come out about every six months, and the functionality and value. We've introduced new time clocks. And I think, actually, it's tougher and tougher for the local providers to compete with us. And that's where John said, I think we've seen some wins there. So I've never been more pleased with the products that we have and the road map for where it's going.
Martin Mucci: I think the closing rate, actually, is up a little bit, so we're feeling better about that. I think it's -- as we've said, without the new business formation, you have fewer leads then to go on. But we are feeling that from the day that we have, that the closing ratio is moving up and that's a positive thing. So when we have referrals from CPAs or recurring clients or even going into a competitive situation from a Google-leader-something, the closing ratio is generally up. So we're seeing that their productivity, the tools and training that we're giving them is starting to improve and are starting to help them improve, and that was -- if they had more leads, we should be doing better because they'd be closing more.
Martin Mucci: Not too much. I think the states where the housing growth was hit so hard, I think that's still slower to come back, because -- but even there, you're starting to see more building going on in homes and so forth, from the day that we see. And so, we do think hopefully that will start driving those contractors, landscapers, painters, to start up more business, restaurants. And so that looks like that's starting to come back. But generally, those were still the states, and the regional areas hurt the worst. When the housing got hurt, the small businesses stopped because there was no demand and it hasn't really come back yet. Although the building does seem to be starting to come slow.
Martin Mucci: Well, historically, they've grown around 20%. And I don't see any reason why they wouldn't continue to do that.
Martin Mucci: Right. I don't they are. I think, as John said, there is some who's usually doing it one way and wants to go online. I don't think they're quite as dependent on new business starts as we would be.
Martin Mucci: I would still say it's 60%. That's improved quite a bit. That's the one where that is you expect would improve with the economy. So what is the composition and total losses, pretty much still the same, like that about 60%.
Martin Mucci: And it's if we rolled it out nationally a few years ago, really, and between the ASO model, the PEO model and the new HR Essentials, it's continued to grow pretty strong and 14%, 15%.
Martin Mucci: No, I actually didn't. We're moving along and something there that we should be able to announce here in the next couple of months. But we're continuing to move down that path and we think it's going to be a nice product then for our sales folks, if they take it out on the street. But I have more to say on that probably in the next 60 days.
Martin Mucci: Okay. I want to thank everybody, again, for their interest in Paychex. I thought we had a good discussion here and a lot of discussions on -- we're real happy with. And obviously, we've got some things we're working on. And the only thing we'd like all of you to work on, when I look out this window on Rochester right now, I played golf a week ago on the weekend. But right now, we've got about half a foot of snow on the ground. So hopefully by the next call, that won't be here. So thanks a lot, and hope you all have a great day.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Hi, guys. Good morning. I guess you said that MMS is approaching $400 million. I think you last broke this out in fiscal '06. And if I look at that and sort of back into it, the growth has been in the core payroll x MMS, it looks like it's basically been zero [indiscernible].
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: I thought in the first half of the year, you lost money from having sold Stromberg last year. And you talked about...
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then, just one last one. And you're probably going to tell me, I'm getting too cute with the question, but when I think about the revenue commentary for the fourth quarter and think that you got a full quarter of SurePayroll, it seems to me it's a percent or so contribution for the quarter. It feels like you're calling for the payroll revenue to decelerate quite a bit. Is there anything that would cause that or is that...
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Yes. It's 5 million or 6 million, divide that by last year's revenue number in the fourth quarter, you get 1.2%. So it's less than 1% for the year, and maybe 1.2% is insignificant to you, but the guidance seems to -- if you sort of back that out, it seems like after a 2.3% growth in payroll revenue, that's got to fall to 1% to get to the service revenue.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Just a couple of clarification questions. You discussed new unit sales, I think in the press release, is that different from the new dollar sales or bookings in dollars, I'm just curious.
Tien-Tsin Huang: I appreciated that. It was more just a question I raised, it's in the layering on some of the higher incremental margin things like 401(k), et cetera, that's kind of where I was going.
Tien-Tsin Huang: All right, last one from me, I promise, just PEO. What's happening on the PEO market share, I know ADP’s been pretty consistent in talking about going in the mid-teens.
