Efrain Rivera: Well, it's a couple of things. One is that because we have a insurance agency and our pricing policy is on a virtually daily basis, we get a sense of -- pretty clear sense of where that pricing is trending. That's one part. The second is it’s influenced by what state workers’ compensation or where they're setting up pricing. And we know we have a pretty good sense of what states are contemplating or have contemplated changes in workers’ compensation insurance. So, I think the combination of those. And then, the final thing is we're looking at the mix of revenue quarter by quarter. And we know that we started the year with a strong compare and it starts to ease as we get into the back half of the year a little bit.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I'd have to -- I'm doing mental math really quickly. I think, it’s a little bit lower, maybe $6 million to $7 million, but I'm not looking at the detail. But, I don’t think that's far off.
Efrain Rivera: Just to add a little bit more color there, Andrew. So, we run on both the Flex platform for our PEO business and we also run on a third party software, which many of you know what it is. But, it's a customized instance to that software. So, there have been a lot of upgrades and adjustments, enhancements made to that system. And I think the challenge, as Marty mentioned is with those customizations and enhancements over time we want to figure out what the right decision is in terms of bringing 411 [ph] on our internal platform and that will take a little time to sort out.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. That's correct. Yes. That's reflecting -- but we focused on both, Jason. But that's reflecting taxes. I mean, look, I get the question frequently, why do you guys call that out, I think in an effort to be transparent about what we think is underlying operating performance and what's underlying financial performance. Underlying operating performance, we exclude the impact of stock comp. Not everyone does, we do. And then, financial performance is what it is. So, that's what we're trying to be clear on.
Efrain Rivera: Hey, Tien-tsin. Sorry for the mispronunciation. But, for some reason, at the beginning of the question, we didn't -- you didn't come in...
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So, Tien-tsin, we only update those at year-end. But, I think just to underscore what Marty said, we're trending above where we ended last year. And if you look at it from a revenue standpoint and break out the revenue on each of those areas that were called out time and attendance, HR and retirement services, those are trending above where Management Solutions as a whole is growing. So, we're experiencing good result. And by the way, I just want to make sure that it's clear. That is our strategy. Our strategy is to approach a client and sell them on the full bundle, which is why we present the revenue in the way we do.
Efrain Rivera: So, when we bought them, people asked me this. They were growing kind of mid-to-upper single digits organically. That's where they were they. We expect that we will be able to bump that growth rate with additional sales people. Obviously, as Marty mentioned, we're off to a slow start there, but our expectation is we can get it growing above those rates in the future. We got to get through this year and get through the disruption of this year.
Efrain Rivera: I think we had a little bit more pricing power this year than other years. I think that we do a lot of work on the analytics side to understand how to price each client. I think we've done a good job on the pricing side to do that. So, you hope every year there is opportunities to do it. Obviously, we hope to hold that kind of pricing power. But every year brings another set of challenges. Then, it also depends on competition. So, while I think the level of competitive intensity remains high, it certainly has dramatically increased. And one thing we haven't talked about Bryan, which I think is important is we're having a really good year to begin the year in our mid-market business, which also helps Management Solutions. So, a continuation of those trends in the back half of the year going into next year then has a solid, or I was going to say buoyant effect, that's a little bit too strong, but a positive effect on Management Solutions revenue.
Efrain Rivera: I think it's primarily internal. I think we have -- I think our algorithms internally get better and better every year and I think we understand more clients are okay with certain price increases and what clients are not. I think you have to be very -- do it with a great -- a lot of care. If you raise prices carelessly, you end up creating chopping behavior. I think, the other part is that there are -- I think, the strength of our model permits us to understand, because the level of customer intimacy we have permits us to understand what segments of the client base we can get better pricing out of. So, I think it's more internal than it is external. But, I think, it's important in that equation that the rest of the market is not acting irrationally from a price standpoint.
Efrain Rivera: I think, Bryan, when you look at first half versus back -- I'm sorry, second half versus first half, the key thing that occurs is that in Q4, you have your highest margin quarter. So, you have expenses that are -- that don't ramp anymore, because now you've anniversaried Oasis. And so, expense growth is more moderate, but then revenue is higher, particularly in the third quarter where margins typically are going, approaching or above 40%. So, I think that's what drives it. That quarter is unique in terms of the amount of revenue that it has. And then, the fourth quarter also has a high revenue and expenses aren't ramping along with the revenue driving margins higher.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, Jeff. Look, I'm going to say, right now, I don't see significant things that would change it. State taxes and stock comp expense move it, but it's probably not a bad proxy right now.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So, mid-market revenue, if you look at it in terms of total payroll revenue, we give you a payroll, so I'm not giving you a number you can't figure out. It's been running about 25% or so of our overall payroll revenue. So, you can figure out Management Solutions. You know what percentage is Management Solutions. You can get a sense of that bucket within Management Solutions. So, if it accelerates, it's helpful. And I think that where it is helpful and I think there was a discussion earlier about this, if you see -- you see continued trends and over time, you see average client size go up, and that's positive, but also you have more opportunity to attach ancillaries, when you get those clients.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I think, Mark, I would say, no one is giving you the exact increase. I would say, it's pretty competitive with the market; in some cases, it's a little bit below. So, part of following up on what Marty was saying, because we try to manage the book very conservatively, we ensure that we manage those losses tightly so that we can go out to market with rates that are competitive in the market.
Efrain Rivera: Hey, Mark, on the yield question, I'd say that the yield will go out this year, meaning this fiscal year is probably the yield that we have, we will plan for next year, given that apparently the Fed has decided that it wants to hold. We do have a little bit of play there in terms of float balances which have been increasing slowly. And we do have a little bit of play with duration. But for planning assumptions, that's what I would assume.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I think, it's going be slightly lower, but I'm just saying the back of the yield we have in the back half of the year is probably -- is the yield we go into next year with…
Efrain Rivera: And we have a little bit of play with duration. You saw this year -- this quarter duration was 3.1. We can extend it further, but it will depend a little bit on that or it will depend on the shape of the yield curve, how far we want to go out.
Martin Mucci: Yes. We're continuing to see pretty much near record levels on retention across both small and mid-sized clients. We're seeing very good retention numbers. And so, they've been very solid. And, you know how conservative we are. As we look forward, we still think they're going to -- we're going to maintain that going forward. So, we feel the value of the products obviously and along with the needs of the clients during this, particularly this kind of tight labor market, I think are really keeping retention. And we're not seeing out of businesses really increase either. So, all -- both from an environment and from our performance, I think are both keeping our retention numbers at record levels.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think, it certainly does. I think we're appealing to the clients the way they want to be served, as I mentioned earlier, and our employees. The employees are playing a pretty strong role these days, more than I think ever in the past. As you see the mobile app, 70% of the usage of the mobile app is the employee of the client. And so, they're having a bigger impact on retention. And we started talking about that a couple of years ago. So, I think that does have an opportunity. The issue is always still, when you see improvement, particularly on the small client basis, there are so many businesses that go out of business every year. And we've been in this a long time and it hasn't changed that dramatically. So, what I think where you do have room for improvement is certainly from a service value standpoint. I think, the need for clients, small businesses, midsized businesses to have software as a service, to have mobile apps, to have self-service available to their employees, all those things are making them more valuable and stickier, I would say to a client. So, we certainly see some -- we're optimistic, but we still also know that so many businesses start up and go out of business on the small end.
Martin Mucci: I think, if you put all together, kind of no employees out of business bought or acquired. It's typically been 50% plus a little bit. So, that accounts for about half of it, and a little bit more even sometimes. And then the other pieces are price. And it's still just as competitive as it's always been, hasn't really increased. But that number has been pretty consistent and then service value kind of stuff. So, I'd say 50% to 60% of your roles, all those things together are kind of out of control type of thing.
Martin Mucci: Well, let me start and I’ll have Efrain jump in. I think, what we've seen there is, one, we have our -- we think the market is still very strong for PEO in particular. So, the demand continues to be strong, you're still seeing a very tight labor market. So, they're looking for help in recruiting and retaining employees, they're looking for benefit packages that will retain employees and HR kind of mobile app and strength to not only recruit, but retain in that mid market -- small and mid market. The other thing is that the integration of Oasis certainly has impacted this somewhat. We’re off to a slower start. We mentioned it in the first quarter last year. We really began the active integration around June, so about six months ago. And once we started aligning underwriting procedures, sales comp models, service processes and those things, it kind of slowed our sales cadence down at Oasis. And it was definitely impacted by underwriting. We've always been very tight on the underwriting side. We wanted the processes to be very tight. And so that gave us slower ramp up for the sales. And then, we had to wrap up the sales headcount, and that was a little slower than we expected. Now, we're at that full -- near that full ramp up of the sales headcount. And also, we got through a couple of insurance renewals. It's always important to kind of see where we're coming out for the first time with a major integration like that with insurance renewals. And we came through fine. But that and the underwriting, I think, certainly impacted some existing clients. Now that all -- that we’re through that, we have a much better sense of the first year of Oasis and where we're going to come out for this first fiscal year, the remainder of the first fiscal year. We think the market is very strong, our organic PEO business, non-acquisition was very strong year-to-date. And so, we feel still very strong about it. We just got off to a slower start than we thought, and that's going to impact the full year's performance.
Martin Mucci: I think, it would have been pretty much unchanged. I mean, when you look -- we feel very, we're actually performing, sales have been stronger than we expected in our organic PEO business. And so -- yes, I think it would have been stronger. I mean, this is -- we really feel like this is kind of around the first part of the integration. And although we've had the company, we purchased the company in December, we kind of let the fiscal year play out, we had a number of things we were organizing around, running some synergies. Then in -- beginning of our fiscal year, we kind of put new processes in place. And frankly, it had a little bit stronger impact than we thought in slowing things down from a sales and even retention perspective. Now, we've kind of got that turned around and we just wanted to make sure we're conservative, kind of on the rest of the year and how that will come out. But, we feel very good about the market. And yes, it would have been stronger, if you just looked at without the integration, we certainly would have been above I think our expectations on PEO only side.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think, we're still feeling pretty strongly about how the market is -- how the market outlook is. The optimism still -- it bounces around a little bit, business optimism. But, what we're seeing is the wage increases are the highest, as I said, since 2011 from small businesses under 50 employees, this is what's in that watch. And the hours worked are up also for the highest and like three years. So, we're -- we look at that as demand for the employees. So, the businesses -- the toughest thing for small -- in particular small but midsized businesses right now is, I can't find the people to finish -- to get the work done for the demand I have. That to me points to a pretty strong economy still, and that's how it feels to us. When hours worked are up and the wages are up, it's because hey, I've got the demand, and from client -- from customers that want that. So, I think that's very good. The tariffs and the trade issues, we've seen impact roughly a third, maybe 25% to a third of small businesses. Most of those are much more regional. And so, they're not going to be impacted by that. The third, 25% or third that are impacted by tariffs and so forth, have a harder time but most small businesses are not impacted by that.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think, one retirement contains to be very strong and I think the Secure Act, most of you probably know got through the house yesterday, and it’s headed for the Senate. If that gets approved, that's giving tax credits for new retirement plans and I think that would continue to be a boost for small businesses, starting retirement plans. And we continue to be just very solid on retirement services, both, what we would call large market and small market, generally are doing very well. Time and attendance, when you thinking about the overtime changes that have been recently made in providing overtime to more, it’s hitting employees of our clients. Time and attendance continues to be very strong double-digit growth as well. And we're -- we tried to stay -- we really stayed I think ahead of even the market from a technology standpoint. So, it’s not just the old punch cards, it's finger scan which has now gone to scan, which has gone to face scan and now wearables we’ll be introducing very soon that you can punch in and punch out on your watch. And these are all things that are being demanded by clients. So, I think time and attendance, retirement, certainly HR overall and the technology that goes with that, meaning I want to see data analytics that help me as a small and midsized business compared to other businesses. We have that data base that other clients or other businesses don't have. We can use data from 600,000 plus clients that say, hey, here is what your turnover looks like compared others, here’s what your wages look like. So, I think data analytics and HR and all of those things, all are pretty strong. And so, overall, we see pretty good growth. Now, we are heading in this -- we’re in selling season. So, it’s too early. We really need third quarter to kind of give us that look on sales. But so far year-to-date, sales have been good and particularly in the midmarket, we feel very strong about the pickup that the products have done in the marketplace.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think, the capabilities -- well, first of all, yes, they're both on third party and license software, and so far that seems to be going very well. So, we're watching that closely but we're not looking to necessarily move to any quick integration or client conversion to disrupt the base or anything like that. So, we think that the third party software is doing fine and in fact gets upgraded pretty consistently. And so, we feel good about that. The integration, we're tying it in as much as possible to our products as well. So, I think the technology that we're focused on with the HROI and Oasis is how to tie it into our retirement information -- our retirement integration, excuse me, into our retirement time and attendance and so forth so that they can benefit most from those products. And that's going well. And so, we’ll determine over time whether it makes sense to get them to our PEO in house products or not I think, you never want to necessarily move clients through a conversion, if you don't have to. And if that's taken care of it, we're still continuing to watch that. It’s not a focus right now. Our technology and the PEOs that we feel is very competitive. We can see, as I said, the demand is good in the street, and we're selling well particularly on the organic side. If you look kind of non-acquisition and integration, we're doing very well on the organic PEO and in fact are ahead of sales. So, I think our product is performing very well competitively in the marketplace.
Martin Mucci: Let me let me start at the end and go back. I think, yes, with any integration, when you update -- and remember, Oasis has had a number of companies as well. And so, we had to go across the number of companies that they had acquired as well. We want to be sure that we felt comfortable with all the underwriting processes, the sales comp models, getting tighter process on service. When we pull all that stuff together, you have some consternation that goes on and some slower ramp-up of hiring of the sales folks, et cetera. And we really think that was tied to just getting things all aligned. And we really didn't push those things until about June into the summer. And so, that put us a little bit behind this year as far as starting out. So. I think it was really geared around that. M&A, still very interested. Certainly always looking at what opportunities are there from a -- when you talk about pricing, if it's pricing of the M&A, the valuations are still I think pretty high, but it all depends. There are so many PEOs, it's such a fragmented environment. But, there is a lot of opportunity I think out there and we're just trying to make sure that we get the right valuations. From a pricing -- from the market standpoint, I think, we're extremely competitive. I don't think the competition in that market has changed very much. And I think we're very competitive and we're seeing that by being above sales of sales forecast in the first part of the year with our organic PEO. So, where there is no distractions or anything at the beginning of the first half of the year, we've seen very good sales results from our organic PEO.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Jason, I think, we lost a few. It was a very -- we started making changes to underwriting process and sales comp and things like that at the beginning. It was pretty minor number, but we lost a few, because at the same time, you had some PE firms buying up a couple of other small companies that were trying to attract sales reps. So, I think we lost a few. I wouldn't say it was a -- it was not a big number. And then, that put us a little behind ramping up the sales force, those numbers that we wanted, which we're back at now. So, that's a bit of what we encountered at the beginning.
Martin Mucci: Yes. We're definitely picking up. We don't give detailed penetration rates on those, but we definitely are picking up penetration across the base on time and attendance. Retirement continues to go up. The other thing on retirement that has been very helpful to us is in the mobile app, we've not -- we have released probably six months ago where you could sign up on the mobile app. I think I've talked about it before, as opposed to all of the paper that employees of our clients would go through. So the participation rate is up. And that's now retaining more 401(k) clients that otherwise would have dropped out because they didn't have the correct participation of their employee base. So, we're -- not only are the sales stronger, but the part -- the retention of 401(k) in retirement is stronger as well. Health and benefit insurance picking up a bit as well. Of course, we're still strong on the insurance side, and we've linked the PEO to our agency. Being a top 20 agency, we have -- if you don't qualify for underwriting in the PEO, we take you over to the insurance agency to write you, we have a very unique offering at that point by the ability to do that. So, I think all have ticked up pretty strongly. Those are certainly the best that I can think of right off hand right now.
Martin Mucci: Yes. That's a good question. So, it's really assets under administration, Tien-tsin. We'll have to come back. It's not a huge number. So, we wouldn't anticipate a significant change. But, in the back half of the year, as we get into thinking a little bit about next year, we'll talk about it. Right now, I don't think it would be significant, unless there is something dramatic in the market, it wouldn't be significant on the order of pennies in terms of EPS. But, we'll update as we go through the year.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think, the investments are really paying off that we've made in the product and the technology on the HR side of the mobile app. Those things are paying off. And as Efrain said, mid market is really coming on strong. We've had a couple of years where it was -- it wasn't as strong as we would have liked, but we're feeling this year -- certainly we're seeing this year, in the first half of the year and now we can tell you more after this quarter. But, it feels really solid about the performance there on the sales side and retention side.
Martin Mucci: I think, Kartik, we're very much in position. And we really feel like Oasis is in good shape now. It was really just kind of first half of the year that was -- most of the integration kind of -- just a lot of changes that we had to make that always caused some slowdown. But, I think now we're very much read. And in fact looking at a number of things today is that -- that are out there and available. And I think from a management leadership standpoint and our organization, we're very much ready. Remember how large -- Oasis was the largest private PEO in the country. So, you knew you were going to have some integration there that we had to do more, but as far as everything else from HROI, all the acquisitions we've done, we've had a very solid track record from integrating and then hitting or beating of the numbers that we expected from those acquisitions.
Martin Mucci: Yes, certainly. So, the one we rolled out this month -- a few weeks ago, was the one for employees. That was the basically Pay-on-Demand. And as I mentioned, it's an expanded -- we think, options better than most I have out there. This is -- you can not only select when you want the money and not only put it in your bank account, but you can put it on a pay card, if you want, you can put it in your Amazon account, you can put in your PayPal account. We think this has the broadest selection of options and flexibility that we've seen in the marketplace. And we get a percentage. Obviously, we're doing that with a third party and we get a third -- a percentage of that back into the business. And we think for the most part though that the monetization of that is really in the retention of the clients and their employees that we're adding another thing to get to employees that's going to want them to stay with Paychex, stay with the mobile app, stay with the pay flexibility, et cetera, which is going to be good for the clients in a very tight labor market. In the real-time payments which is really more geared toward the clients, as you mentioned, that's geared toward the end of the first quarter of the calendar year as it consistently has. It's right on track. And we feel that we’ll be one of the first to offer real-time payments. There will be a charge for that, as we've mentioned in the past, and we're still working through all of that and looking at the marketplace and so forth. But, as we get closer to rolling that out on schedule, then we can talk about the monetization of it.
Martin Mucci: I think, it's funny. Two years ago the gig economy was very big and expected to kind of take over employment, and then it really has kind of quieted down to a certain degree. I think those laws and similar ones will come up. I think, it's the flexibility that we want to give employees. I think, it'll be picked up by states, like you said, like California and New York, places like that first. I think, we'll be ready to handle that and I think, frankly, having a mobile approximately, having Pay-on-Demand, having flexible retirement plans, things like that, we are very well -- we're pretty well geared for that. And we're continuing to look at our product set to see how we can do things more -- even more around an employee versus an employer, which has obviously been our model for many years. So, I'd say it's still early stages, but it's still pretty early on the gig economy too that seem to be the -- it was going to be the wherewithal, it was going to be everything a few years ago, but it's quieted down. I think we were able to handle some of that now and we're continuing to look at our product set with our head of product to see what else we can do to make that easy and to be able to comply with any new employment laws that come out.
Martin Mucci: Correct, mutual effect right now. Yes. I was thinking more of a wider look at that issue of the whole gig economy. And there is a real opportunity there. But, you're right. Yes, we cover both of those now, whether they are contractors, 1099s or W-2s, either way.
Martin Mucci: No, it's all done through third parties. So, there won't be any impacts on our float. We're not taking any of the risk on it or anything else. We're just getting a percentage of the fees that are paid. And it's very early, Bryan, it's very early on the adoption. I mean, we've heard certainly the demand for it, but it just we rolled it out a few weeks ago. So it's really too early to say. But, there seems to be a great demand for it. And again, I think this is the most full featured from -- full flexibility from an opportunity. So, we're anxious to see how it goes. I’d be able to give you a better read after the next quarter.
Martin Mucci: It definitely is much larger than that. So, it would pull that mix up. We don't normally give that number out, Samad, but -- I mean it's much -- I would say, look, it's somewhere between probably 50 to 150 to give you a wide range. But. the average is somewhere under 100 kind of thing on a client ID perspective.
Martin Mucci: Right now, it's pretty consistent. So, I don't think it's moving it enough. I think we -- I don't know if we really give that out other than annual, if that. But, it had some -- I think, it would have some adjustment, but not much, pretty consistent.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think we definitely are. We're promoting some from within and from a career path standpoint and we're always excited about that. And by the way, that market goes anywhere -- I don't want to get you the sense that that's only that with that market is. That market goes anywhere from 20 -- frankly 20 or 30 employees these days to a 1,000. But, I would say, it's primarily in that 20 to 500 space, but it goes pretty broad. Yes, we're hiring people with more experience, some from competitors, some from other industries and then promoting some as well from internally. And it -- we'll continue to invest in that and we're pretty much up to full hires where we are now, but we're always looking for good people. And I think success is helping us from that standpoint, recruit as well. That always helps.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I guess, I’d say, I don't think -- when we look at it, if you looked at retention in particular, and now we're through a couple of renewals, I would say it was a pretty fair -- I think, there is always a combination of underwriting and tightening up where we want our performance to be from a medical loss ratio. And we're pretty conservative and careful on that in what we're -- and our underwriting standards. And so, I think that had some impact on retention. But, I don't think we had any necessarily abnormal impact on the rates that we got themselves. I think, we got pretty fair renewals overall from the carriers and then we have our own self-insured plan. I think, we're performing pretty well there. And I don't think the carriers gave us anything that was that difficult. I think we just -- we have a little bit tighter underwriting standard that we wanted to put in place, or I guess tighter than what it -- at least what it was. And that had some impact on some clients. On the other hand, David, the nice thing about us is, we can take some of them over then to the insurance -- to the insurance agency and write them through the carriers as opposed to taking -- or some of the risk on ourselves. So, I don't think -- I think, in contrast, I don't think we saw anything -- I don't feel like we saw really anything that abnormal from the carriers and the renewals themselves, which bodes to me and for us I think it bodes well for the future. There was no abnormality there that should continue or anything.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think the one thing is definitely the technology investment. I mean, look, we had a solid sales force and great sales leadership there and an operational and service performance, but I think the biggest change has been the technology investment over many years now. But it's really come to fruition the last few years in particular, as everything has come together, the mobile app, the HR administration, the data analytics, the artificial intelligence work, everything has come together now. We have a fully integrated solution for a mid-market that is very simple to use. And I think that is really shown in the sales performance, particularly this year, but we could start to see it the last half of last year and then the first half of this year. The sales performance is better and the retention as well. But, I really think it's the technology on top of good sales and operations leadership and performance. And just to think of it, I think, we are taking some share, but you do know -- as you know, that is a growing market for all players. And we just haven't gotten as much of our fair share in the last few years in my opinion, as we should have. And we had to get the technology really to all pulled together. We kept introducing good products, but now we pulled it together. And we also now have moved to say, hey, if you want a product integration, if you want something, if you have the best HR time and attendance that you think is better than ours, we'll build the product integration for you as well or we have the product integration already through APIs. And so, I think all of that has really helped. I think, the technology would be the number one biggest thing.
Martin Mucci: Yes. So, I'll flip it around. We don't give the exact clients. But, if you look at PEO revenue, PEO revenue includes at-risk revenue of 35% to 40% in that revenue. And you can get to that because we give you a breakout for cost. So,, that gives you a sense. We don't break it out by specific clients.
Martin Mucci: I think, it's been a combination of taking some from competitors. And I would say -- I think, it's probably this year, I would guess, it's run 50-50 on old legacy systems going to moving into a new platform, a software-as-a-service platform of ours and really moving up the technology, and then, probably the other half is more something they didn't like from a competitive standpoint. So, I think we're taking some from market share and then some from as the market expands itself. And that's probably roughly around half and half I'd say, at least this year to-date, kind of thing. Because you know that market, it does continue to expand and it's growing across, -- the market itself is growing of those who just see the need, particularly in this tight labor market, to have something that's going to help them hire and onboard with all of that, doing it paperlessly, then retaining them with integrated benefits on a mobile app and retirement plans. And so, they're seeing a need that they have to go up that it’s -- it definitely is more critical to them in a tight labor market to move on to a more modern system. And I think ours is appealing to a number of those prospects.
Martin Mucci: I think, Mark, the interesting thing is it's a sales and marketing kind of combined look and you're seeing is -- we've talked about, I think before a shift more toward marketing, many times they -- most people are buying or making their decision, they are 70% or 75% of the way through the decision before they ever talk to anyone. And they're looking for much more online approach there, being marketed to online, the way you market to them, the way you get leads, the way you nurture leads, and then the way you sell. And we're trialing a number of things that will make us even more efficient from that standpoint where you're spending marketing dollars, because a lot of the marketing is really the sales now. We certainly still have a lot of field reps that we count on that are building relationships and getting referrals in the field and talking to clients, but particularly the smallest clients who are starting up businesses are going online and looking to look demo and even buy online and we're preparing for all of that. So, I think we're looking for efficiency, but even more so, what's the best way to market and sell to a prospect or an existing client that's in business and try to be as efficient as we can. But, it's really looking at how is that shifting from web to -- from live person to web, telephonic to e-commerce and in positioning ourselves well for the future on that. And I think, we have a pretty good handle on it and we're trialing a number of things now that seem to be successful.
Martin Mucci: No, I think, Matt, it definitely has moved some. I mean, we still rely a lot on being out in the field and building those CPA relationships. They are good partners with us as well as current clients. But definitely, as I said, a lot of -- today, everybody is doing their research online, even if you're given a referral. In the old days, you just call us and today you're going online, you're searching our website. Our investments have been in the website and then being able to demo the product, whether it's -- you can demo it right on your mobile app if you download the mobile app. And so, it has been about how do you get those leads, and we put a lot of investment in that from a marketing standpoint, as well as how do you then nurture those leads, if they're not ready. That's different than it used to be. That's a whole nurturing piece that we have put in place for the last few years now, about how to get information to clients and make sure when they're ready, they come to us. And then, we're moving to more of an -- even in e-commerce, where you can buy online particularly with SurePayroll or other options, you can buy online. That also lowers some costs. It increases marketing costs, but sales costs come down and balance a lot of that out as you're selling either online or through telephonic means. And you're giving them more tools telephonically to help demo a product to a client and then sell it to them. So, we're definitely seeing that change and I think that will ship costs from marketing -- or from sales to marketing. They become all kind of one part of cost that you look at to be the most efficient. But, it really is about how you best sell to clients, and they are definitely searching, demoing and even thinking about or buying online, and we're into that already and we're looking -- we might -- we'll find ways to expand that as well.
Martin Mucci: At this point, we will close the call. If you're interested in replaying the webcast of this conference call, it'll be archived for approximately 30 days. Thank you for taking the time to participate in our second quarter press release conference call and for your interest in Paychex. We appreciate it. We wish you all a happy holiday season. Thank you.
Lisa Ellis: Hi. Good morning, guys. First one for me is on the rollout of the Pay-on-Demand products. You called out I think that you just launched one of them in the prepared remarks. But, if I recall correctly, I think you're launching two, right? One that's more targeted toward employers and one targeted at employees. Can you just give us a little more color on the exact timing and the monetization models for those two products? Thank you.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. And then, second one for me. Maybe Marty, can you comment on how the new -- it looks like this -- the AB5 law impacting workers in California is going to go into effect? Can you comment just on how you see that type of law impacting Paychex and how you'd handicap your expectation that that spreads across the country? Thank you.
Lisa Ellis: Okay, great. Yes. And I guess just to like completely clarify, I think, this law impacts like workers will be classified as like W-2 full time employees versus ones that are classified as contractors. But, you currently essentially cover or process payroll for both of those. Right? I mean, does this...
