Martin Mucci: Dave, we don’t normally give that detail. I will just tell you that what we’ve seen has just continued to accelerate kind of throughout the year as we -- and we ended very strong in new sales revenue growth. And I think you know a few years ago we were fairly flat in the total annualized revenue that we were producing in sales and it’s started to pick up last year, and it’s continued to pick-up again this year and it is the best we’ve seen really since recession times, pre-recession.
Martin Mucci: It's a little early but I think based on what we've seen last year and this year we don't -- it's early right now on the feedback on that but I would say to the low to the mid-part of that range. 
Martin Mucci: Yes, I’d say on the product overall it's integration and performance, so very broad spectrum of products that we have through both development and acquisition and our work has continued to be on integrating that. We've made a lot of strides in that. We just continue to keep -- trying to make it easier and easier for our clients that use the multitude of products. And then when we do that as well as the integration and simplicity of using all the products is the speed and the performance and we just keep up in the -- what were the goals of what we're trying to do there and we've had some nice success. Of course the mobility and so forth as well everything just keeps moving. We don’t build anything without going right back at it to make it faster and more integrated and easier to use.
Martin Mucci: That's kind of unchartered territories but after recession it continues to be kind of sustained, moderate growth in employment. So it's not going to be big jump back, it's been a slow and steady so to actually keep the growth in checks this long has been very different. So we continue to expect that to moderate but the hiring does seem to continue, so that’s good news. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah, it started slow and what we found was using a lot of the field payroll forces, the sales forces, to sell it became a little more complex than we thought because of the complexity of the pricing. And so what we did was last year around half way through the year we brought it inside so it’s referred from the outside sales force and now is sold primarily over the telephone and that has really started to pick up some traction. So it’s still early and very small from our standpoint but it’s really picking up good traction now by selling it. We’re a dedicated team who understands the details of the pricing per client. It actually has even given us some payroll leads where we’ve sold payment processing saved the clients in dollars and actually been referred to other products and sold other products to them. So we’re feeling pretty good about it. Finally it’s really starting to build some traction and more to come on that. 
Martin Mucci: May be a little bit but I will tell you that what we're finding is that we're definitely selling more of the products, even more of the products down market. Things are -- everything is coming down and it's giving us a nice opportunity to sell to the even the under 20 space many more products. So I wouldn't say it's probably that because what we're finding is these products are even selling more down below 20.
Martin Mucci: Yeah I’ll start on the healthcare one, I think we’ve continued to see that. I think particularly that may happen through the summer, until you get more closer to the fall as benefit plans starts rolling out and people start seeing rates and so forth for January 1st for starts. I think what we’re finding is just there’s been so many changes in healthcare reform and dates that the clients are more kind of like sitting back a little bit, so even though we had the products out pretty early we are getting some traction on the products because it’s clients have to start to understand right now what changes they may have to make in part time, full time when they hire the next person, what kind of impact that’s going to have to them particularly if they’re around the 50 mark.  And so I think it’s kind of picked up a little bit towards the end of the summer but it still been slower than we expected and I think that’s because of the changes. So haven’t seen a lot of change there. On the SaaS it continues to increase. We don’t really give a percentage but you can see everything we’re doing pretty much is in investment is in SaaS. The acquisition in nettime was also for SaaS. So we’re seeing a big pickup in SaaS-related products for the HR services and support, HR administration, benefit enrollment, time and attendance, expense tracking, everything frankly that we offer is pretty much now on a SaaS basis and that we’re seeing a large pick-up on it. So that will just continue to grow and frankly it won’t even be a discussion of non-SaaS, it will be just SaaS. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah so Gary let me just explain this. And without again going too far down a hole with the way you account for a cost in the PEO, we, in certain markets decided that it made sense for us to go to something called the minimum premium plan where your risk is capitated but you do take some risk based on the book. And within the PEO and most PEOs do risk you were taking risk also on worker’s comp. So you have to do some underwriting, you have to be pretty good at underwriting to do it. That is not all of our PEO plans but it is some of them. When we did that, that tipped us to now represent those -- that portion of the revenue as gross, essentially include the cost of insurance. So I would say yes we do take a bit more risk but it’s capped. 
Martin Mucci: So let me take, yeah -- thanks for the question because I think it’s a great question. So the short answer is it really shouldn’t have a dramatic impact on income unless you really don’t do your homework and start taking risk that are inappropriate. So I think we understand one of the really terrific stories over the last three years is that if you remember the calls we were having three, four years ago, about how the PEO wasn’t doing well. Behind the scenes we decided that we needed to put a major effort against fixing it and we did.  So we do a really good job now of understanding what our risks are in a PEO. So you shouldn't see significant amounts of fluctuation based on earnings but the rates of attachment of all these plans can't swing sometimes, the top line. So you could have a little bit more volatility on the top line. That's why we called out in a schedule that we're publishing shortly what the revenue will look like. It will even out as we get into next year. So you could see a little bit more top line volatility but shouldn't dramatically affect the bottom line. 
Martin Mucci: Pretty modest I am going to say may be couple of percent in last year and we just thought given where we're at trying to step on accelerator a little bit. 
Martin Mucci: So the long and the short is that in certain markets, Jim essentially minimum premium plans where you capture liability is basically what you need to do to be competitive in that market. And as those of you who've covered the company for a while know we didn't do that in the past but thought it was important, number one, Number two, I would say that the stage of maturity of our PEO is at a point where we feel pretty comfortable about our ability to underwrite and understand that risk and obviously was discussed pretty extensively. And the third thing I would say is that we recognize that there is a nice opportunity in the PEO. We want to put ourselves in the best position to capitalize on it.
Martin Mucci: So the majority of our plans still are in the hands of third parties. So we are in currently with one state that's got a minimum premium plan. 
Martin Mucci: Well I think, you referenced it. I think it is becoming -- we really thought good about the execution of the PEO team and I think this makes us more competitive, particularly in certain markets. So we've kind of tackled this by market, as Efrain said, we're in one major market for us where a lot of the PEO sales have been and that's where we did this because we felt frankly it was more competitive, we had better flexibility to compete and there was a better opportunity for us and that the timing was really right from both internally from our execution perspective and externally from the opportunity size that’s out there. The PEOs obviously have a very good opportunity and particularly with healthcare reform and so forth now thing are really picking up. So this was the right time to do it and we felt very good about managing the risk in the underwriting as well. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah I think the competitive environment hasn’t changed a lot, even though there has been a lot of talk about it in IPOs and so forth. We haven’t seen a big change there. I think what they’re looking for is exactly what we’ve been working on the last few years which is the breadth of product and integration, very much a SaaS focused and we feel good about across the board, the products that we have.  I think that we like to see even more growth there but I think this is going to be a good year for us on the mid-market side I’d say last year was good. It wasn’t as great as we like to see but I think we were still kind of integrating all the product set but we have a very strong product set, time and attendance and HR administration online in particular is really taking up and that’s why we went after the acquisition of nettime, because we felt that the opportunity for time and attendance is really big, not only in the mid-market but moving down but we thought that that was a great product and great development resources frankly to keep the product very competitive. So I’d say mid-market this is going to be a good year for them and last year was good and it could be even much stronger this year. 
Martin Mucci: Well I think we’re optimistic David because we had good success this year. We’ve seen that the PEO has done very well, the HR solutions, the ASO model on the other side has also done well. I think what we’re finding is that the opportunity for HR outsourcing has really continued to grow and we’re very good at it. We’ve been doing it a long time. We’ve over 400 HR specialists out there handling more and more clients each. And I think we’ve really got the model down extremely well, whether it’s a PEO or ASO that sales force is both -- sells both products. So they look for the needs and the value to the customer and sells it that way.  So I think the HR solutions frankly is just we had a stronger year than we even expected and we think that’s going to continue and we may move slightly the MPP plan with the PEO to give us even greater flexibility and to capture the opportunities from a profit standpoint. So we feel very good about that and in there too is a lot of the acquisitions that we’ve done, ExpenseWire, myStaffingPro, a number of products and now we’re getting them integrated even more tightly with our payroll processing and I think that’s all very good news for across the board. We’re starting to capitalize on the investments and the acquisitions that we’ve done. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah, it definitely is. It's been slower than we expected on the healthcare reform because of all the changes. We've put some very good products out early on helping you track ours, helping you tie in your time and attendance to measuring how many hours and full time equivalents and all the things that you need. And we have very good products on that side but it's gone a little slower than we expected because the government, the federal government keeps changing the dates and the rules and who it applies to and I think that's made people more cautious about deciding.  But I do think that's going to -- as we get into '15 that's going to come more and more too ahead and people will start more businesses, will make more decisions. So I do think that's a bit of a catalyst and it's been a catalyst frankly just to get in the door to talk to more prospects because they're wondering how it applies to them, do they need something or what. I also think that's going to help on the PEO in total HR outsourcing. ASO and PEO models as well because once they start making decisions on healthcare I think they are also seeking the opportunity to just outsource the HR because the compliance requirements, frankly beside healthcare there is just a ton of compliance requirement that just keep coming out by state for things that they are going to have to do. So I think that that's where we see continued opportunity there. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah, okay. So let me take a stab at the first one so I understand what you are saying so if you -- if in a given year you are adding a lot of clients that are call it under four typical new start up at 3.5 it’s going to have a diluting effect on your checks per payroll. And so if you have a lot of adds you would see checks per payroll decline. That's in a steady state environment David. We're employees weren't necessarily adding a lot for employees and I think that what we didn't model very well was if you look at the last five years, no surprise we didn't add clients there for a period of time. So that did have an impact on increasing checks per client if your client base was growing. So you had a rapid acceleration of client based growth starting around 2010, I shouldn't say a client base, client employee growth that's what the data suggests. And now you've kind of leveled off a little bit more on steady state. I think when you put all that together we anticipate that cheeks per payroll are going to start dipping below 1% sometime over the next several quarters and then it won't be worth having too much of discussion on it will just be steady state and our adds on the client side will start to really dilute that, so it doesn't really become that important. So a lot of things have changed over the last seven years to kind of change that equation a bit. But I think that's fundamentally what's going on. And then I apologize because I don't remember the second part of your question. 
Martin Mucci: I think it’s still the pricing, we still had pretty good pricing power. Now it’s one, it’s still little early to tell we need to kind of get through the first quarter to kind of give a sense of it this year but we’ve really been able to stand that range the 2% to 4% range that we typically talked about our annual pricing and we’re getting it on new clients, the new clients where you’re in on a competitive standpoint has been pretty good. We haven’t seen our discounting go up a lot on new sales. It’s been fairly consistent so I think there’s always competition there but and frankly if we’re getting it from our referral sources then there’s less competition and more just coming with us which gives us even more pricing power. So on average for new client acquisitions we haven’t seen a lot of discounting go up much.
Martin Mucci: Yeah okay nice, that was a very succinct way of putting a lot of pieces together. So about 15% to 20% of the long term portfolio is going to turn over this year. I think we mentioned we are at about 1.6% we probably get some more close to that. Although I always caveat that because rates have just been very volatile. So as we speak publicly in the 255 to 260 range on a ten year treasuries and we were up to 3.1 but that’s a sense of what happens. And then David the other parties that were typically 45% to 50% short term. So essentially that’s turning over every day and we’re getting eight basis points.  I think there is a disclosure in the K is that 25 basis point move is going to create about $4.5 million worth of additional income to the bottom line. So just one point not to complicate it any further but based on where you expect interest rates to be you can modify the portfolio either longer or shorter. We’re staying a little bit sort of in the middle neutral at the point, at this point because we think that there -- some things are going to happen with the Fed sometime reasonably soon. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah Glenn, of course we don’t break it out any more but we’ve been very happy with their growth. Their sales have been very strong, retention has been good, and they’ve continued to build partnerships as we have with banks, with referrals and so forth in banks for their white label product which we actually go into the banks now and have been very successful going in together. So either you want to give referrals to us or you white label a SurePayroll product of a number of banks. So we’re very pleased with it. We don’t want to break the growth out because it’s becoming more and more of integrated part of us but we’re very pleased with their growth and they’ve reached some nice milestones this year. 
Martin Mucci: No, I would say we're just going to keep it relatively flat and purchase to offset dilution at this point, if we make a change there we'll chat with you.
Martin Mucci: No, I would say across the board we had pretty good growth there. And really one of the things we forget that we still have an Advantage Payroll base that we purchased back in 2003 that we haven’t really been selling, continuing to sell in that market. That drops off, that continues to just kind of drop off because we're not selling new but across the board, whether it's the SurePayroll core payroll, et cetera, international we've kind of had nice, pretty good growth, some ups and downs but pretty good growth across the board.
Martin Mucci: No, it's not. It's basically George it's really just strength in the HR solutions portion of the business and also the other products that we sell. 
Martin Mucci: Last year a lot of them, remember that typical quota is going to vary by product but if you look at the core I would say we did very well last year. 
Martin Mucci: Oh yeah I think and we definitely as you know Mark, we’ve kind kept that on a low side of ads and then as we saw more productivity and we saw the execution across the board and the opportunity I think growing now is the time to add the additional reps in various areas so… 
Martin Mucci: Yeah we continue to invest. It’s hand good investment. Now the interesting thing is that that investment really spreads across when I would say years ago hey these time and attendance offerings for example or HR online offerings are for the 50 plus it really has come down quite dramatically and so we don’t, we think of the investments frankly is almost the entire base anymore maybe not under five or under 10 or some, but definitely under 20 you’re selling time and attendance solutions whether it’s our simple time clocks or whether it’s the new solutions they are selling a lot more broadly.  So you kind of start with the over 50 but you’re definitely seeing it all come down. The needs are deafening and there is some, it’s because of the simplicity the integration of the SaaS and the adoption is really taking it much, much further down market. 
Martin Mucci: I think we’re still, I think we’re doing well there and you’ll continue to see that the investments we’re making will help us and I’ll say 250 to 500 range, as well. I think we’re competitive there but certainly our focus and majority of the client base has been lower and we’ll continue the things we’re investing in, will continue to help make us very competitive on a 250 to 1,000 but I would say primarily 250 to 500 to 600 to 700 we do very well there. 
Martin Mucci: Prospectively UG market to be a 50 to a 100 basis points higher. So let me explain because at this time which is deafening. This year we clogged out our margins were approximately where they were between 38 and 39 about 38.7, 38.6, by applying the same logic so I'm not inflating the top line with the -- not inflating us not there, I'm not grossing up the top line, it be between 50 to 100 basis points higher in prospectively. 
Martin Mucci: That’s correct Mark and put another way, this year’s going to be lumpy and choppy because we’ve got these additions to revenue. By the end of the fourth quarter and by the way I’ll just repeat for those who are still here on the call, there is a schedule, hopefully it’s out by now on the website that details this and helps you really refine the model. By the time we get to the end of the, by the time we get to the end of ’15 you’ll see that margins start to normalize. But we’re doing it on a higher level of revenue you can’t get even to the lows of the margin that we’re talking about if we weren’t leveraging so there is leveraging the model I guess and we will continue to do that. 
Martin Mucci: No, it actually levels out. Mark what I would suggest is look at the schedule and you’ll see it and we’ll talk about it in detail, but the first two quarters are where you see the most of the revenue add, third you see some and then by fourth it really diminishes. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah we’ll take a look. Because the biggest thing that Efrain mentioned was the margin really it’s probably the one thing that’s been misunderstood. It didn’t go down 100 basis points or so it’s -- we have not gone down on margin it just brings more revenue up in the top line. 
Martin Mucci: I think it’s something we continue to look at. Right now we have one plan in a major area of our PEO and we’ll continue to look at this from a competitive and opportunity competitive nature and opportunity perspective and there could be more which would -- could produce more changes and if that’s the case then we’ll go through this. We’ll probably get even better at refining exactly what the impact is but it could, at this point we don’t plan on it but we continue to look at our markets and find that if it makes sense to do more we’ll do more. 
Martin Mucci: One other thing I want to say just to refine that, that underlying cost trend is going to be a function of your ability to underwrite the people in pools. So if you’re good, you hopefully can beat that trend by getting the right people in your pool. So that’s all subject to a little bit of managerial effort. 
Martin Mucci: Definitely I know what you’re saying, so yeah I think we’ll call that out. Subject to -- there are certain competitors in the market and we look at -- we try to level at the disclosures we provide, no one else is doing so we don’t most assured, we see some trend changes we’ll talk about it. 
Martin Mucci: It has a slight negative impact but again I didn’t call out either because frankly there are surrounding areas. 
Martin Mucci: Yeah it created noise. I could have done a better job on that one, but yeah the exact same days, so there’s no date changes. 
Martin Mucci: Great at this point we will close the call. We appreciate your participation. If you’re interested in replaying the webcast it will be archived until August 4th. Thank you for your interest in Paychex and again your participation in our fiscal 2014 year-end conference call. Have a great summer. We’ll look forward to talking to you next quarter and have a great holiday weekend coming up. Thank you. 
Efrain Rivera: We do tend to do that somewhere around this time. I won’t say exactly the date. Most of you actually know it. But I think our pricing view is what we’ve said -- we’re in that range of 2% to 4%. 
Efrain Rivera: Well hey look, it is July hard to believe. I think we would like it at least to equal this but our expectation, it will be better yeah. 
Efrain Rivera: On that point I will say this that we exited the year in the fourth quarter at a nice clip. So we feel pretty good about where we're at, where we're starting the year. 
Efrain Rivera: On the priorities I will knock it back to Marty but I would say if you go back two or three years we were saying we were growing at close to 20% in some years. If you look at where we are in the last six years we've doubled the total amount of spend in the company. I mean it's a part of the fundamental changes company has undergone, our rate of spend now is essentially twice what it was when we entered the recession. That was a deliberate strategy -- we are, we understand this is a technology-enabled service business and that going forward we need to continue to spend at that sustained level. That doesn't imply an increase from where we're spending currently. It just implies that we continue to spend at a pretty significant rate and then, and the thing I am most proud of is that we do that and we expand margins which is pretty extraordinary. So and we think we still have an opportunity to do that. So I won't detail exactly what we spend, it was certainly solidly double digit and each one of those decisions around spending on tech is hard fought but I think that an emphasis that the company has created over the last six or seven years is significant investments in IT because that's the cost of being in this business. So I'll turn it over to Marty. 
Efrain Rivera: Yeah -- so second question, second - same as the first, 1% is about what we expected and we quite frankly could see it moderate a little bit from where we are at this point, going in to next year. We don't expect it to pop up and with the launch of our Small Business Index I think we look at that data even more closely than we did before. And trends just seem to be slowly kind of plugging along at that rate. 
Efrain Rivera: Yeah, thanks good question. The answer is no, thankfully I exhausted all my day’s explanation but stay tuned for fiscal ’16, we’ll talk about it then. 
Efrain Rivera: No, not really. I think it doesn’t imply more volatility. On the HRS side we went to three points simply because attachment rates on some of the other -- on healthcare can sometimes vary but we thought just to keep it more consistent. We’re obviously pegging at the middle of the guidance, that’s what we’re doing but the future is uncertain and we put those ranges represented what -- where we could end up. 
Efrain Rivera: Unforeseen factors that at this point we don’t see. You never know, I will say that if you saw two years ago we guided to, I believe at that time it was around 3% to 4% in payroll. We ended up at 2% and I spent three quarters trying to explain a multitude of external factors that everyone assumed were competition when they weren’t. So that stuff can come up. Q3 was a great example so suddenly we end up with some pretty bad storms and it becomes more complicated. So stuff like that can happen, so we trying to kind of create a more all-weather scenario for where we think our results will be but in the absence of those we don’t anticipate being at the low end of the range. 
Efrain Rivera: Yeah, mix has some impact but I think you can’t just add it, I’ve mentioned this to people repeatedly checks don’t add up, one for one. So 1% checks doesn’t equate to 1% revenue. There’s mix within checks so that might equate to 33% of that 50% or sometimes a little bit more.  Second, client growth is achieved over the course of the year. So you can add two it at best is half of that, right, because it’s a weighted average during the year and then you got to figure out pricing. So we feel pretty good, we saw growth across all the segments that we thought should grow in core. And I would say this for people who wonder about that issue, if you look at our data, if you look at our data over since 2011 and you look at our revenue retention, we've grown 200 basis points in revenue retention. You saw client retention at its highest level, Marty didn’t talk too much about that, but client retention currently is at its highest level. But our revenue retention is at its highest level too. So we feel pretty good about where we're at.
Efrain Rivera: It was primarily tough comps. We had a really, really strong Q3 and actually last year we had a real strong Q4. So a little bit tougher comp, it was really not too much else going there. 
Efrain Rivera: So we’ll update it. I don't have the exact number in but our preliminary data would suggest we were up closer to 18, but we'll get that info out. 
Efrain Rivera: Yeah good question. So I guess the way I’d characterize it is this way is if you look at Q4 our share count finally went down in Q4. So vis-à-vis Q4 last year and this year you started to see it come down. We had a fair -- when the stock ran from let's say 30, low 30s up to 45 we had a lot of exercises in pent up demand because there was a significant amount of shares still out there. So we had about 3.3 or so million dollars of projects, 3.3 million shares that were exercised.  So long story short we saw that and we wanted to buy the offset dilution and that's why you don’t see necessarily a significant reduction in the number of shares. 
Efrain Rivera: Yeah, so I would say this, it's going to be lumpy in the first half of the year and you are going to have to look at the schedule we've got because it's very difficult to talk about leverage, Jeff without referring to that schedule. It won't look like there is leverage it looks like we're deleveraging and you are going to see that really frankly through the first three quarters and then you start to level out a bit in Q4. So you got to look at that schedule. If you look at it and you don't have the data but if you were to look at it without that yes you would see some leverage, it would be modest. We've made a decision that probably cost us approximately a penny to increase, put more into and increasing the sales force. We thought that made sense and so we decided that investment was the right one to do. 
Efrain Rivera: Yeah and Jim with respect to the insurance business let’s say that there’s two aspects to that. We had a super strong year on worker’s comp insurance. It really -- they really did very, very well. And on H&B we anticipated that the under ten market was going to gravitate towards exchanges. That’s what we’re seeing. So client count is a little bit deceptive in that sense because that’s reflective of a lot of smaller plans gravitating down where we think that will settle out. We’ll get back into a pattern of better growth there because we pivoted that sales force. We made both an investment in that sales force, in numbers and also we have redirected them towards selling in the above ten employee space. 
Efrain Rivera: And David the nettime acquisition is less than 1% of revenue and less than 1% of HRS revenues. So it’s relatively modest. What we liked about it was, it is the leading SaaS time and attendance product of its type on the market. And there are not a lot of those products on the market we like the technology we would like the team and feel we're really, really well positioned in apart of the market that shows a lot of promising growth both inside or based outside it.
Efrain Rivera: Yeah Glenn, If I wish I could just have a -- one thing, when we put out the press release we couldn't to my -- in deference to my good friends on the West Coast we release before so they get -- they don't have to get up at 7. We probably in the future would just simply release a day up because a lot of notes just had it wrong. You need to see the schedule. So the point you are making is a very valid point. The reason why the margins are down is because of the reclassification on the PEO cost. We’re still continuing to leverage. During next year it's going to appear lumpy until we get close to Q4 and then it starts to normalize. So the answer is no, our margin isn't deteriorating. It's simply the reclassification of these costs. Please if I can… 
Efrain Rivera: Yeah you are looking at a quantification of about 100 to 150 basis points. But it would be pretty explicitly stated on the schedule. And I wish I could just put it all out but it was just going to be too confusing. So and for those of you who have any questions whatsoever please give me a call or have one of your associates give me a call and I’ll walking them through that if you have any confusion on it at all. And look at -- I can't, we can't have a pre-call to say we had a change in terms of the way we did the accounting, but thanks for asking the question. 
Efrain Rivera: It's across the board but you will see the biggest growth part of that is still going to continue to be the PEO and HR outsourcing business. But 401(k) continues to grow and across the board in insurance and so forth. 
Efrain Rivera: It's a little bit, George what I would suggest is you look at the schedule because you will see while if you look at our EPS, between first half and second half, there is not a huge amount of difference for the implied EPS, what you can see the growth is a little bit more back half weighted.
Efrain Rivera: Yeah we could get to positive. I think what we're -- what's happening is every quarter when we reinvest we're looking at a different interest rate scenario. And I would say we looked at four different interest rate scenarios last year meaning that what we saw in the market differed every quarter and so we have to make a decision in that quarter, do we go long or do we go short. And our bias now is to stay a little shorter because we think that longer we’re going to see a pop, that’s where we’re at, that’s what the guidance implies. 
Efrain Rivera: Yeah good question, so if we add PEO clients they are included within our payroll client number, I would say the numbers weren’t big, so don’t think that what was driving it was PEO. But I think I’ll just use that question to highlight something important people think of Paychex as or typically have thought of Paychex as sub payroll and attach ancillaries and what’s increasingly occurring company as you know the way that we capture our client can be through a PEO sometimes when we attach payroll after an HR sale. It’s the breadth of offerings and that breadth of offerings combined with mobile technology that pulls all of that information together that I think uniquely positions us in the market.  So going in through one single sign on, which virtually no one has through one integrated suite of products or of one database which is what we’ve been doing from one investment standpoint permits to you enter either through the PEO through the ASO through a 401(k) and go back into payroll to I think we’re really uniquely positioned there so the sales are occurring in a lot of different ways.
Efrain Rivera: Yeah but again what I would say is look at our supplemental schedule that we’re posting because you can’t understand the numbers without understanding, how much in each quarter we’re adding revenue by this change. 
Gary Bisbee: Hi, just want to understand exactly why the accounting change or the change in how you’re presenting the data you’re not taking any insurance risk, there is nothing like that that forces you to recognize this. I'm assuming and if that’s right and why make this change? Thank you. 
Gary Bisbee: Well I mean if there is ever a difference between what the actual insurance costs are relative to what you forecast? Because you’re taking more risk… 
Gary Bisbee: Okay, great, that's helpful. And then just a follow up question, can we get a sense of the mix of the good new sales performance in fiscal '14 and I guess product any highlights, good or bad you mentioned and then how much of it’s concentrated on new customer versus selling more to the existing base? Thank you.
Gary Bisbee: Yeah the new, the sales performance I was talking about was really new customers. We have done a good job I think in selling more products but for the most part it's been selling new customers and I would say it’s in the payroll side, the core payroll side and particularly the PEO and HR solutions, HR support products have been very strong. But across the board we really had a good year, our best in many years from a sales performance perspective and I think that's great execution on the leadership team. It's been a new leadership team really for a number of years now and Mark Bottini has come in and run all the sales, about three years ago he’s built a new team, a leadership and I think it's just been, it’s was just a very good execution as well as a little bit of the economy coming back slowly as well. So I think we've just gotten a better and better at the comp plans, the support tools, the leads and everything across the board. So I would say primarily strongest has probably been the core payroll and the HR solutions but really across the board it's been pretty good. 
Gary Bisbee: Okay. And then just one last one the 5% sales headcount growth for fiscal '15 how is that compared to what the actual sales head count growth was in fiscal '14? Thanks a lot. 
Mark S. Marcon: We talked around the edges to see if we could kind of get to it. So it sounds like we have enough that are running at that level, that really doesn’t necessitate an increase in terms of the sales force. 
Mark S. Marcon: And is there an anticipation that in the first quarter of next year or in the third quarter of next year the add that we had for this treatment that we would end up seeing higher adds in other words…
Mark S. Marcon: Because I mean if somebody is just going through the math and is making an adjustment to say the last quarter the way it look is if we make that adjustment the 37 to 38 that’s been guided to doesn’t seem to imply any sort of margin improvement, which would imply that your incremental margins are going down which is something that you’re not which is clearly not going to be the case. 
