John Gibson: Okay. Now with all the conditions and restrictions that Efrain has laid out for you, we will now open the call for questions.
John Gibson: Yes, Ramsey, thanks for the question. Yes, I would say we're more in a steady state. I feel good about where we are. I think the value of our products and services, I think what we see, when we talk about price inside our customer base, they're rewarding us, they're seeing the value we're getting. And as we did last year, we believe we have a pricing of power inside the base and we'll continue to avail ourselves of that. And then in terms in new clients and prospects in the competitive environment, hey, we've always been in a competitive market, and I see stable pricing. And I think as we go through this year, we'll continue to do what we need to do to be competitive in the marketplace. So I don't see any major shifts of change on either side of the pricing equation.
John Gibson: Yes, Ramsey, I think we've been pretty consistent. And I think on all the prior calls I've said, probably as we expected. So we continue to really focus our efforts on the high-end part of our valuable clients, particularly in HR outsourcing there. We continue to maintain both in the PEO and ASO, record retention from a revenue and client perspective there. Where we did see and we have near record retention overall across the business, again, because of that focus that we're having the things we're doing from driving value in our high value customer segments. As we expected, we did see some other business and when I pull that back, what you're seeing is exactly what I thought we'd see we had a very high number of new business starts 2 years ago. And almost every model, and I don't care whether we're in a recession, good times, or bad times, a business starts in the first 2 years, half of them are gone. And so I'm not surprised when we're saying we kind of expected that to be the case and that's what we saw on kind of the client retention side. But again, even if you look at the client retention side, we're back to where we were pre-pandemic levels. So nothing dramatic there. So I'd say that's more stabilizing and we kind of expect that kind of more typical stable kind of client attrition to occur as we're going into '24.
John Gibson: Yes. Look, I think, again, not seeing anything, Eric, that's out of the norm. I think generally, we've continued to see the hospitality when you go back and look at our jobs index. Hospitality has probably been the laggard. Leisure and hospitality have been the laggard through the course of the recession. What we've seen there is they really made a good strong comeback, I would say in the back half of this fiscal year for us and are getting back to what I've kind of level -- employment levels of the other segments. Not really seeing anything, specifically out of the ordinary. Certainly in the low end of the market, you're seeing a lot more of the small companies get back to what we said on the retention side. We were startups, smaller company, finding more pressure relative to inability to pass price, instead of being [indiscernible] by inflation, and then also the credit, the credit situation.
John Gibson: Yes. So, look, we actually saw strong demand continuing. I would say, actually, the -- we actually saw some acceleration in the fourth quarter when you look at it. And the back half of the fiscal year was actually stronger than the first half, which it was a pleasant thing. HR services, or HR solutions continue to resonate retirement. We saw a pickup in the rolling digital end of our business in the fourth quarter, which was nice to see. And in fact, I would say the PEO had improvement in Q4 as well, which was an encouraging sign that some of the changes and approach that we've been working on are beginning to get traction. It's early they're and the key part of that season is in the first quarter, which leads into the second quarter. But again, very pleased with the strong demand that we saw across the platforms. I think we got a good set of products and services through strong demand in this environment across all the market segments.
John Gibson: Yes, Andrew, thanks for the question. Our ambitions remain the same. We're trying to find opportunities to meet our strategic objectives and at the same time, make sense financially. The latter has been more challenging in the environment, I'd say over the past few years. But I think we certainly began to see some change in the market dynamics and our pipeline is beginning to expand with opportunities that I think are more realistic for us to consider. I don't think our focus has really changed. We're going to continue to look for tuck-ins. That help us kind of add scale in the markets or expand our product suite. We are looking for capability enhancements, particularly in the digital areas, digital capabilities, data, data analytics, HR, HR analytics. And then again, we're constantly looking at numerous adjacencies as the market continues to evolve, and looking for new growth platforms that are adjacent to our current suite of solutions and really help us continue to deliver that, that value proposition with small, medium sized businesses to help them succeed. So again, smart tuck-ins, capability enhancements in the growth platforms. That's our areas of focus. And we're going to continue to be mindful of making sure we're getting good deals [indiscernible].
John Gibson: Yes, Kevin, the thing I would add to that, I will remind everybody I go back and -- we go back and look at this over the last 4 to 5 years, when we say pre-pandemic levels, you go back to '19, you got our transcript, what you would also hear in '19 is that on a client retention, we were aligned, we actually had historical high client retention back in '19 as well. So we're returning on the client side to levels that historically, for Paychex would have been historical highs into client retention and then as Efrain pointed out, we've had a lot of focus on what we need to do to drive better retention in our high value segments and we've been very successful to do that. And I think coming out of the pandemic, the value that we've demonstrated to those clients in terms of both our technology enhancements as well as the advisory support that we've given them through very challenging times, I think they rewarded us -- they rewarded by buying more from us. They rewarded us by giving us the opportunity to have a better pricing for those products and services because they see the value and they reward this with the loyalty.
John Gibson: Yes. No, I think the other thing that, I think to keep in mind a little bit about the macro, again, we'll get back to the macro side, I look at our small business index, I look at the start of this calendar year, we went the first 3 months, the index actually went up every month. So went up for three consecutive months, and then it sort of stabilized. So we continue to see that. As Efrain said, we probably expected in the fourth quarter, and we're always kind of sitting there waiting for employment to go down and [indiscernible]. So actually, I would say I was actually a little pleasantly surprised at where we were on checks and where we were on worksite employee growth inside the base of clients that we had. So continuing to see that hiring is also an issue. And staffing, it continues to be an issue of our HR concern. So we look at what are the questions and issues that are coming in to our HR consultants, we continue to see that to be an issue. And I do think you're going to see something [indiscernible] we probably not seeing. Small midsize business owners are scarred by their experience of employment over the last several years and they fought to get back to staffing levels. I think what's going to be interesting is they're going to be very hesitant to let go, because I think they remember what it was like trying to find talent and just simply not enough labor supply here. So I think it's going to be very interesting, who kind of wins this tug of war, back and forth relative to employment. The other thing that we see is we're seeing a lot of nontraditional labor being tapped by a business as gig workers, contract workers, maybe a little bit more part time. And what I -- what I'm curious about to see are will those be the first things to go. With that [indiscernible] a small business owner is going to let go permanent staffing that they've got, that they're paying every week, are they going to try to write it out by tightening in other areas such as this nontraditional gig employment that's kind of sprung up. So the labor market is a very, very interesting thing I think for us to look at and study right now. And I don't think it sets up for traditional recessionary models that people have built. So that's just my pontification based upon my conversations with what we're hearing from clients and what we see in our data.
John Gibson: Yes, so the investments are in growth and growth those are probably the top two. And then you mentioned digital, I mean, we've been making a lot of investments in the digital area, both in terms of our sales and what we're doing from a go-to-market perspective, which we're very happy with and how we're leveraging technology AI in the back office. And I'm very pleased with several things that we've got going on. So we've been actively leveraging AI for several years across every area of the business, driving efficiency, delivering a lot of our large clients. And one of the things I keep telling people was, we're one of the few players in this industry to have the size of data set that we have. And I do think in these types of AI, you've got to have a large data set. We're using it in customer service, we're using it in risk, we're using it in finance, we're using it in our HR outsourcing advisory capacity, we're building it into our products, and our retention insights products. So there's a lot of investment that we're making and a lot of learnings that we have in terms of how we can digitize the front office and the front of house and kind of the back office of our business. And so those are -- that's going to be an area that we continue to invest and continue to explore.
John Gibson: Yes, I go back to what I said before, we continue to have clients that are wanting to fill open positions. And I don't -- I have not seen that change. I would say that they're being more successful in filling and filling those positions. So we've certainly seen that and we've seen some recovery. I mentioned, leisure and hospitality, in particular, which was well behind and had good recovery in the back half of our fiscal year here. I do think relative to [indiscernible] maybe opening up as many positions, I would also tell you that one of the things that I think did happen is when we were in the great resignation, which was probably a few months ago, seems like forever now, but really only 18 months ago, pretty much a lot of business owners were thinking every position I have needs to be posted, because I've got to assume that I'm going to potentially lose those positions. So I think there was a lot of postings for jobs that people were passively looking for. And I think some of the contraction that we've seen in the postings are more of business owners being a little more disciplined about what am I actually going to hire and being out in the market and focus on that. I don't know if that makes sense or helps you.
John Gibson: I may add that those individuals that are using our onboarding and recruiting experience inflexed are realizing about a 20% improvement in their time to hire. So just if there's any customers or prospects on the phone.
John Gibson: Yes. Not much to add, Eugene. I do think it's important to understand on the insurance component there was a trend that we saw happen not just in the field, but also in our insurance agency. In the health and benefits area, which it's not just the client, there's two decision points here. One is the client deciding they're going to offer benefits. And second is an employee deciding they're going to enroll and pay their fair share. And we saw in both cases that clients, particularly clients, [indiscernible] clients were adding an insurance, that's one part of it, right. You should certainly can go and try to get someone to switch from their existing insurance [indiscernible], we saw less people adding insurance -- health insurance as an option. And then when you look inside, when we went through our normal enrollment period, we found that less of the employees that were offered insurance elected to sign up for it. And so all the things Efrain just said, we saw that happening -- happened in both areas that caused us to go back. And what you can do is you can go back and look at your plan designs, you can look at [indiscernible] plans, you can look at different plans, all of those things. We went through an exhaustive review of every one of our core peer markets to look at every one of our plan designs and look at every one of our offerings to make sure we have the broadest suite. Now those decisions are made. We're actively out in the market, selling clients on those today, those will go in the July timeframe, if you will. And remember, our enrollment for PEO begins in that July timeframe, it really goes through the January timeframe. So you want to kind of that picked up of that going on. So we've looked at every aspect of it. We've made some modifications and changes where we think it makes sense. We know that the HR outsourcing value proposition is still strong because it's growing at 10%. And we saw strong demand in the second half of the year. We know that the PEO value proposition is strong because of our record retention and the clients that can afford it and have it are doing well. So we have [indiscernible] some early signs, as I said earlier in the fourth quarter of improvement there. And now we're getting into the heart of it and we'll see that that kind of builds as we go into the second, third and fourth quarter of this coming fiscal year. So, again, we got -- we feel confident that we have the right plans in place. And now we'll go out and execute that in the marketplace and see how it goes.
John Gibson: Yes, And I'll add on to that. Again, I would say the second half was stronger than the first half from a sales unit perspective. And if you dig under our retention numbers first half to second half, our controllable losses improved in the second half. So, again, what we can control and I do believe that there's a degree of what I call flushing out of the bankruptcies from 2 years ago in terms of us looking at clients that are kind of on the financial edge, and whether or not we want to continue to or feel confident we can continue to do business with them, those type of things are kind of flushed out of the system. We've been investing a lot in what we can do to control, what we can control, regardless of the environment. It talks about AI. We've been deploying a lot of very sophisticated AI models inside our service organization, and inside our client base that are giving us very strong indications of where we may have a client at risk. And we're demonstrating success and demonstrate success in the back half of the year of being able to intercept those and turn those situations in the positive retention story. So, when I look at the retention story and the sales story, first half back half of last fiscal year, I feel good about the progress we're making there.
John Gibson: And we're just really not expecting any type of major pricing increases either on the health side or on the general administrative fee side and it's going to be well within our normal course. Although I would mention that on the health care side, our normal course is in the single digits, which far [indiscernible] on an historical basis with health care inflation. So that's a benefit and a retention benefit for our clients. The other thing probably we haven't talked about, we have a thesis around is if we had very good HR outsourcing growth, and one of the things that we saw because of the insurance anomaly was a tilt towards our ASO product. And so we look on the aggregate, we’ve very, very solid year, our HR outsourcing offerings, ASO and [indiscernible] and PEO, but we tilted towards one versus the other. We're actually -- we actually, I look at that now and say, wait a minute, I now have more clients that love our technology, love our HR and now it's just a matter of finding the right health care solution and going back and upselling them into the PEO. We have a pretty concentrated effort on that. Actually that’s another area where we're using AI where we are actually analyzing the deduction feeds from existing payroll and ASO customers so that we can triangulate what we think they are currently paying for health care. And then using the demographic data that we have to do AI-based underwriting to give us a computer based targeted list of clients that we can approach within a really almost prepackaged value proposition that says hey, we think we can help you save money on your insurance. If you join our PEO, you're already a ASO client of ours, so we're just getting -- we've been working on that model for 9 months as part of our efforts and that's an area to that we think there's opportunity inside our base to go back with our insurance value proposition in the PEO and see if we [indiscernible] some clients over.
John Gibson: Yes, just to add to that, I don't think that our current approach to insurance in the PEO was a driver to what we saw last year. And so I don't think taking more risk is necessarily the solution. I think that our current approach has demonstrated that we can grow at industry rates without exposing ourselves to additional risk. And so to Efrain's point, I don't see that as a magic [indiscernible]. I don't think you need that to grow the PEO value proposition to Efrain's point to the degree in which we thought it could accelerate growth in some way and the risk could be balanced. It's something to consider, but not something that we're looking at. I mean, I think in terms of the PEO M&A front, we haven't done much in 5 years. It's obviously a very attractive industry for private equity to pay very high multiples for which -- for in my opinion, not much capability. When we made the acquisition of Oasis, we were looking at those getting significant scale on the PEO and capability. We got that with Oasis. We were typically a smaller kind of regional PEO and we [indiscernible] national scale to get there, we're now top player in the industry. So I think what we would be looking forward is tuck-ins in markets. Would that make sense? If we were going to add a capability, right, but a capability in terms of something different in the PEO that's interesting. But, again, when I continue to see as we're involved in and know about almost every deal in the industry, I still think the multiples are a little high for what they would bring value and we have enough organic and inside the base opportunity for us to continue to invest our dollars.
John Gibson: It's back to normal. And again, I go back to say, it's back to normal pre-pandemic '19, which again were at reasonably, historically low levels for us, if you went back historically before that. So, look, there was a big surge in new business starts, right at the start of the pandemic. And we knew in our models, whether or not there was recession, whether or not interest rates were 1% or 6%, those businesses, a fair number of them were not going to survive after 2 years. And so we didn't know whenever it's going to come, but I think we knew what was going to come, I think we've seen that begin to flush through, we've kind of returned back to what I would say are more normal business start levels. And again, business starter is still reasonably solid. We're not seeing a dip in business starts. Again, the big spike, we're now back to where we were kind of pre-pandemic, which again were very, very solid and conducive numbers for growth in our business before the pandemic.
John Gibson: Yes, and I would probably say we're actually more effective in terms of both our capabilities, [indiscernible] to be able to target inside the base, our capabilities from a sales and marketing and digital perspective inside the base than we were in any of the -- in the prior downturn. And we just have gotten very, very effective in driving product penetration and identifying opportunities within our client base where we can add additional value with a pretty broad set of products and services.
John Gibson: Yes, so as you know we're a leader in small and midsized businesses in terms of the number of plans we manage more retirement plans than any other company. For the [indiscernible] year, we actually have prepared and supportive businesses, more businesses than any other provider. So we are actively already educating our existing customers, and have a variety of digital marketing programs in the market. I think you'll continue to see more aggressive positioning of Paychex in the 401(k). We're looking at how it can play a bigger role in our bundles, and all of our payroll bundles as well, because again, what we're finding is given both the state mandate coupled with the SECURE -- the SECURE Act 2.0 we're literally, if you're a company of 20 employees, and we're working on trying to make some changes to that legislation that actually drop it down even lower than that, we can start up a 401(k) plan, and basically at no cost to you and you can then provide up to $1,000 of match to your employees, and get that money back as well. So when you -- this is like one of those ERTC moments where our value proposition of what we can go to a small business owner and say, you can have a valuable benefit that's going to help you retain your employees, help you attract employees and [indiscernible] it's not going to cost you anything to get it started. We think there's a powerful value proposition. And like I said, we're already the largest -- we already know how to do this. We already have the sales and marketing capabilities and operational capabilities to do this in a very efficient and effective way. And so we're going to continue to capitalize on this as we go into this fiscal year.
John Gibson: Well, as I said, we were very pleased with the record setting year that we had in sales execution. It really was a stellar year from a sales performance perspective, my hat's off to the entire team. And as I said, the back half was stronger than the front half. And given that momentum we have coming out of there, the investments we made in the fourth quarter in terms of marketing, also a lot of work on what I would say is go-to-market support for our sales teams. The things we're doing relative to sales training and sales effectiveness tools that we invested in the fourth quarter, given the momentum, we've seen our sales team, it's readily and happily accepted higher quotas for fiscal year '24.
John Gibson: Okay. Well, I'd like to thank everybody for being with us today. I know probably many of you are starting to head or intended or about to head to the 4th of July weekend. Hope you have a great time with your family. Thank you for your questions and support. I want to reflect again on this past fiscal year, certainly a transition year for me. Coming in -- into the new position as CEO, an absolutely phenomenal year for the company. The employees did a great job navigating a very complex fiscal year, and for the company to achieve that $5 billion milestone is really a testament to their hard work. And to do it, it's the speed we did it during the global pandemic. It's something to say, I was reflecting last night as I was looking back over the last 5 year results across the board and I go back and anchor myself the fiscal year '19, which is hard to remember that was before the pandemic and I looked at our fourth quarter and I looked at our full year statistics and when you go down there and see we had better revenue growth, better profit growth, better retention metrics that are HR outsourcing metrics, that are new sales revenue, better new sales unit rates of growth in the fourth quarter of this past fiscal year and the full year than we had in fiscal year '19. We not only weathered the pandemic, but I think we actually came out of the pandemic in a stronger position across the board. And I just want to thank the 16,000 employees at Paychex for making that happen. And hope you all have a very nice 4th of July weekend. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Efrain Rivera: What we're thinking, and then how we're managing, I will break those two. I mentioned in previous calls that I was really concerned about a sharp decline in rates in the first half '24 and the end of this year, calendar year. I don't think that's likely to happen. So at this point, our thinking is that there'll be a couple of rate increases, as we go through the first half of the year, and likely to see some rate decreases as we enter next year. Certainly Jerome Powell's comments recently would seem to indicate that's where we're growing. But I think -- we think our assumption is that in the first half of calendar year '24, our second half, you're going to see rate decreases. So net-net, that's what's incorporated in our guidance. So while we could adjust and play games in terms of where we are with futures, that that's what our thinking is. And as we get through the year in the back half of the year, we'll update kind of where we're at. So as to position in the portfolio, my bias is to go along, as we go through the year to mitigate what in '24 is likely to be a set of rate decreases. I can't call it any closer than that. I think that our numbers kind of support that kind of scenario.
Efrain Rivera: No, we didn't. We think we're going to stick with -- it's 1% to 2% on growth for the full year or so. And then that convert from a tailwind into a headwind next year, that's as far as we go.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I guess I'd answer that in a couple of ways. Look, March is preliminary, mean that we haven't gone through a plan. I think that John's continued a tradition that that we've had in the company, which is to say, where we can find sources of leverage in the P&L. So obviously, mix has an impact on that, Andrew, as you're aware. As you get more opportunity and more management solutions, that gives you more opportunity. But I would say we went through pretty disciplined process in the planning process to see where there were opportunities to leverage uncover them. And that that's what you're seeing in the guidance. I'd say one other thing that's really important. The process of planning a year is a 365 days activity. If we get through the first quarter, because we see opportunities both on the investment side, and also on the cost side, we go for it. And we challenge ourselves to find those opportunities. So I think that in addition to the fact that that was a byproduct [indiscernible] byproduct, but a theme of the planning process. We think in those terms, and so because you'd have to go into the year with multiple levers to find leverage if you need it. So we're, as we speak, thinking about okay, how can we even do better or offset any potential issues that might come up in the year. So it means that there's a little bit around -- a little bit of planning and a little bit of DNA.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, yes. So, look when it was approaching the mid 80s during the pandemic, but that really is in some ways kind of an outlier. When we reported last year, it's kind of like 1 year post the midpoint of the pandemic, sorry, the midpoint of the pandemic, we were between 83 and 84 and this year we are between 82 and 83. So as John mentioned, we saw some larger losses on the low end of the market. I will frame that in one second. That 82, 83 is consistent with where we've been in prior years, there's nothing unusual about that. What was unusual during the pandemic was that the number of bankruptcies or what we call involuntary losses was much lower than it normally has been. And there's obvious reasons, I don't need to tell everyone on the call about PPT. So a lot of those clients kind of got through the client base to John's point. What was going on was that you had a pent up [ph] group of very small clients, that were being propped up a bit by funding in some way the losses were higher because of that. And I think we're now back to a more normalized environment in terms of losses. But I want to make an important point and John referenced it. We put a lot of emphasis on revenue retention, especially among high value clients and what's not different or what is different from pandemic is that our revenue retention is higher than it was pre-pandemic. So we're at record retention levels from revenue, that's where we put our -- that's where we put a lot of our focus on, and I can -- I won't do it, but we could cite many, many efforts that go into retaining our highest clients. So we can deliver approximately 88% revenue retention, that's important. That's an important number for us. And so while in the past, we talk a lot about unit retention, nothing wrong with that, you want that. The reality is that was becoming -- become much more important that you save, and you retain your highest valued clients. And so while on -- while our unit retention is in line with what it was pre-pandemic, our revenue retention was higher, and it has remained higher and will be an area of focus going forward.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, yes, I would say, Bryan, two things is that we have said that typical client growth in the year is going to be in the 1% to 3% range. We're on the low end of that range, we expect to be middle or higher next year. So that's part of the equation on the pricing side. We're typically in the 2% to 4% range, although on recent years higher than that. We’re on the mid to maybe perhaps a little bit higher than mid-level on the pricing on site. Those are sort of the basic elements, and then you got mix and additional product penetration driving the remainder of that. Now if you start reconciling me, I got to take the negatives too. And the negative is, I'm going to get some headwinds from ERTC, which you will see in -- on the management solution side. So that when you triangulate all those pieces, that's where you get to our 5% to 6% growth.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, yes, that played out and going into next year, we expect to be flattish. I will say that, I mean, you always have to have an element of caution on the impact of higher rates. I mean, they share the level of their -- that would cause me to get a little bit [indiscernible] concern that I have right now. So we'll have to play that out. And that definitely would have an impact on worksite employee growth. I think it's manageable and we've taken that into account in our plan. But at this point, we're not expecting that is going to change [indiscernible] sure.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, Brian, to answer that, as John mentioned, that's generally the level of detail. But we saw a pretty strong unit growth as we -- in the back half of the year. So it wasn't a sales driven issue, it's really more of a retention driven issue based on the factors that we talked about earlier in the call. I -- just to go one level deeper, we all remember that one of the anomalies in the pandemic was that the business starts really, really accelerated. And I think to this day [indiscernible] could completely explain it. And so we benefited from that, that unit growth but as John said, we know a number of those clients are going to go out of business. And after 2 years, we did the analysis that we all looked at, and a lot of those clients did not survive once the PTP [ph] and other government stimulus went out of business -- I'm sorry, once that stimulus was gone. So at that primarily driver, somewhat of a normal situation, I think that will, return to more traditional patterns as we get into next year. That's our expectation.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, two good questions. So flattish, I guess is the short answer to what we expect for '24. Don't expect too much in terms of inclined base growth and that's a mix. I think our larger clients are doing fine. And in some cases, adding employees, we look at it. Smaller clients less so and then you got to factor in what your anticipated losses are. So you always tend to lose a little bit higher than what you gain in a given year. And then you expect your incline, your decline from the base to grow the worksite employees. But this is an environment where I don't think it's going to be robust in terms of hiring, in part because of what John said earlier, which is that that many businesses would like to hire that just simply aren't the people who were there -- were available and also figured out how to do it without people, but probably won't be, as John mentioned, less inclined to perhaps get rid of them. On the PEO, and I'd say also the ASO side, our worksite employee, we have worksite employee growth this year. We expect that to continue into next year. You could see solid works and [indiscernible] growth as the key or rebound going into next year. But overall, and I think that Bryan asked this question, it's not going to be a significant driver of revenue growth, perhaps in PEO, but not on the HCM side.
Efrain Rivera: Hey, Eugene. Let me start and John will provide additional comments. With us, it's less about verticals, although I'll caveat that in a second. It's really more about where we derive revenue on the health care side that flows through the P&L. And that's in state of Florida. So for us on the PEO health care, as it relates to revenue, really, it's a Florida game primarily, and the anomaly and when you talk about Florida, you know immediately that you're going to over index [indiscernible] hospitality. So a bit of what's going on is it depends on new clients coming into the base and whether customers in leisure and hospitality are really interested in offering health care to clients. [Indiscernible] and that's not all clients in Florida to be fair, that's probably too much of a generalization. But it was more of a regional issue than it was I would say, as an effected revenue than it was something else. So why do we feel more comfortable? Because we have put a tremendous amount of focus on it. And that's not to say that guarantee success. But I would say as we saw what was going on, we took a lot of measures to improve that that aren't going to necessarily again be evident in first quarter but should be evident beyond that. And there were things in which we talked about in prior calls, I won't repeat that. We are somewhat anomalous that we saw people actually in the PEO decided they didn't want health care insurance. We thought our hypothesis was they were feeling some pressure from a wage perspective and perhaps decided that from a total compensation perspective, they were not going to offer health care. But we've taken a number of actions that we think will create better momentum going next year. I'll let John talk about that issue.
Efrain Rivera: No, you got to do both. I mean, over relying on one -- long story short, both sides of that equation pretty powerful incentives to make sure that they occur. You don't always hit it a 100%. Sometimes you hit it more, but you got to get both sides -- to both sides to work to get the right net client gaining number.
Efrain Rivera: Those are two absolutely fantastic questions, literally. I mean, wow. Okay. So let me take one. Part of what you do, part of what you work with the team is to understand what you need to deliver and understand what your degrees of freedom in delivering them are. When you perform at a certain level, you have more degrees of freedom, not surprising. So it's all my colleague CFOs out there who struggle sometimes because they don't have the degrees of freedom, I feel it. When you do have the opportunity to reposition because performance gives you that option to look at it and figure out, we're pretty disciplined here is the NPV of doing that better than the NPV of not doing that. And so, in the fourth quarter, we thought there was a positive NPV to that approach. When we do it in the future, I would have to see there's other [indiscernible] issues that come into play, which is how much -- what do you want your max duration to be, and are you picking the right time. You never get it right, because you're trying to predict other behaviors. But I think that we've done a good job.  To your point, this is really kind of the interesting question that we're wrestling with is, so we don't know -- I can give you a sense of what happens when interest rates get to 6%. I know because I studied that pretty extensively when I came into the job now 12 years ago. And two things you got to worry about or be concerned about there. Number one is that you can attempt to be pretty aggressive on pricing in that kind of environment. So if interest rates are high, you can take it as a signal the price high. But what I find at least in our history was when you did that, and when you get that overly aggressive in pricing in '07, '08, you're going to pay a price on retention, it just it follows. And at least that's the conviction that I have. Now maybe you leave some money on the table by not pricing even more aggressively, but I think that there's a balancing act that -- there for clients, because you're trying to create a level of trust in terms of the value that you've delivered to them and there is a tipping point at which that level of trust gets breached. So we need to look at that closely. The second part is, as interest rates are now creeping up, if they were to go over 6% now that starts to becoming a threshold where it becomes more difficult for small businesses and many medium sized businesses to operate from a financing perspective. They got to look for other options. That's one thing by the way that we look -- we're looking at very closely, how do we help clients. ERTC was a great example of how we did that this year. That's why we think it did so well within the base. But you got to play those two elements off each other in determining what the price and how to help the clients navigate to an environment where interest rates are high. So hopefully that answers your question.
Efrain Rivera: Well, I will take that Tien-Tsin. So, look, I want to kind of clarify something to start, which is that we have worksite employee growth in the PEO. It's not as though we contracted in that area. We think we're off to a pretty strong start actually in terms of at least our bookings activity. But we expect relative to last year, for health care attachment to be higher than it was. The contribution from health care attachment will be higher than it was last year. We just couldn't hit the numbers that we hit last year. We had also seen simultaneously that the base business [indiscernible] was going down [indiscernible] in very difficult challenging. So we expect growth in the business, growth in clients, we expect growth in attachment that's what's really kind of driving the [indiscernible] less so Tien-Tsin, I think that's less of an issue. Typically, just to remind everyone, our PEO clients are typically upper 20s and low 30s. In terms of clients, we're not trying to go down [indiscernible] necessarily. But it's really going to come from more clients that are [indiscernible].
Efrain Rivera: [Indiscernible]. Hey, let me answer the first one. I get that question and I think investors are sensitive to the level of balance sheet [indiscernible]. So when we originally did this a number of years ago, I said I don't want to be recorded quarters when we blew up the balance sheet because we were doing the wrong things on the insurance side. I was -- [indiscernible] resourced. What I mean by that is just taking excessive risks. So everyone knows what they get when they invest in a company. And we have managed that without any hiccup because two things help us. One is that even though we don't risk, we don't make money, we make very little money on health care insurance. And that removes the incentive to necessarily push insurance, cheap insurance as a way of selling PEO, that's a fool's game. We don't play it, we will never play it. Having said that, as we get to a certain density in markets and many of people on the call know what the big markets are, we look at that we evaluate whether a -- [indiscernible] risk and insurance in a market would make sense, I won't forestall that we would not, but it will be subject to the same very tight criteria. And the other part is the reason for doing it would not be necessarily to increase revenue, but for us to capture share in that market. So nothing imminent, but that's our thought process. I think we've got that have a track record in terms of managing it in an appropriate way. I'll let John talk to PEO and M&A.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I'd say -- so you got two points of comparison, kind of what happened in 2007, and '08 and then what happened during the pandemic. What we saw during the pandemic was that on the PEO side, PEO was our base, at least, a PEO client shed employees more quickly. I was surprised by the speed with which they did it. I think you'd see more of an impact there on the PEO, if you saw more of a sharp downturn. And a garden variety of softness, probably not. And then second, James, it will see but it would go back certainly due to pandemic you saw employers start to shed clients and shed employers, I should say, shed employees. Interestingly enough, what was a little bit anomalous during the pandemic, we didn't see huge client losses. But what we did see them drop employees. And so when -- then you'd see an impact, I'd remind everyone that our model is not a pure people model, subscription plus people. And so we have some insulation in the event that there's a downturn and overall unemployment levels fall. And finally, last caveat, we do have the ability to pivot in the base, which we did during the pandemic, which helped to mitigate the impact of what was going on in the economy as a whole.
