Martin Mucci: Yes, client retention continues to be very strong. So, we feel very good, very consistent with that and the early look obviously you don’t know until it – obviously, we are through January, but it looks good to us and selling continues to progress well. It is early particularly in the small market side to know for sure, but we are, I think we are off to a good start through November and December from what we are seeing. We have got full rep headcount. We have got turnover pretty consistent to where we wanted to be and we are feeling at this point pretty good about it.
Martin Mucci: No, we don’t really – we don’t give that out. We certainly would wait until we get through the selling season before we talk about kind of how it was. We feel pretty good about it though. We mentioned in the first quarter that we felt good about Q1. Q2 was very consistent from a revenue part growth, annualized revenue sold.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think just to add to that they have been going through this platform change for a while and I think we have competed very well. In fact if you kind of look at the gains and net gain from our numbers, we are gaining slightly from that. And we always lose some and take some. And I think we are still doing very well, so we don’t – I don’t really anticipate much change there. As well as Efrain said I think we compete very effectively from the product standpoint, our SaaS-based products our online interface and mobility apps I think are the best out there right now and we just continue to keep adding to them.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think it’s been pretty consistent competition in the channel. What we were – what we have done is kind of changed the sales force around a bit to have some CPA centric reps, so where we have a lot of concentration of CPAs. In the past we hadn’t done that. We have been pretty clean on the territory of who own the territory and kind of everything in it. So we have added more dedicated reps just to that CPA channel. I think it’s early in that process, but we continue to get a majority of our referrals, majority – a large sense of our referrals from CPAs. And that’s been fairly consistent at times. I think it’s competitive I think it’s picked up may be a little bit from a competitive standpoint meaning from one competitor there is really not many that come after that channel. It’s really two of us. And I think there has probably been a little bit more competition from incentive to the CPA I guess I would say. But we are still – I still feel good about that. And I think we will have the best sense of that after third quarter.
Martin Mucci: It’s hard to say. I think I would say certainly in line if not a little positive, a little above, but it’s early, but you never know especially in the small business market, because so much of it is done at the last minute and we get a lot of sales in at the last minute, but right now, I would say certainly at expectations or a little above.
Martin Mucci: I will take the last part and then turn over to Efrain and I think we have seen the – certainly some of the more competitors showing up in that mid-market space in particular. And but I think we are doing well against them. In fact we have – they are going to pick off some clients at some point because they are new in the market and they have got something to show. What we have done is started to win back some already which we think is a very positive thing. And overall it’s not having any sizable difference to us. So I think while they are out there, I think we have invested very well in the past particularly past three or four years and it rolled out a lot of products now that I think has positioned us very well against competitors. So I don’t – while they out there, we still have the widest breadth of services to offer and certainly the best service and service options along with the mobility. And when you think about all the interconnection, it depends on the client, but when you think about all of the service offerings that we have to connect you and a platform of 401(k) payroll HR administration, time and attendance, etcetera it makes us a much better from a competitive standpoint. Efrain you…
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think one – at this early stage you will – obviously you look at submitted we don’t get into that amount of detail, but you look at what kind of sales have been submitted already. And as Efrain mentioned that’s not only payroll but that’s the PEO business, the 401(k) business, etcetera because you will get a sense of those a little bit earlier and even then small business payroll and things look pretty solid to us. The other thing you look at is what’s – it’s a little more subject to what’s the pulse of the sales folks and the sales leadership and it’s pretty strong right now. As Efrain mentioned we got great teams selling going on, we got retention in good place. We got full reps all out there, all positions are filled, in fact we are a little slightly over so all the positions are up and running. Leads are coming in very well. So I think all those early signs we hate to talk about it until the third quarter is kind of over and you will get a sense of it. But it’s a pretty good sense right now of what we are seeing and again you really to see January to know. But it’s a good sense. And competitively we feel very good. There is not a lot of things that are popping up competitively that are saying, hey there is someone out there with a real aggressive pricing like we have had years ago that was really taking some share at a very low price or high, high discounting or something. We are not seeing anything like that. So we feel we are competing very well and the products are going over really well. The retention also looks good at this point. So you don’t know again. But again retention we are at our best ever and that feels good.
Martin Mucci: I think talking about that plan specifically to the PEO and we introduced it in the last half of last year. I think what that really implies is the PEO is doing well. So, right now in the marketplace, PEOs come on very strong and we certainly have felt that kind of from the end of last year through this year, little slow at the beginning of the year starting, but we seem to picking up great momentum. I think some of the target is definitely healthcare reform. They are looking for the strength of coming into a co-employment position, but I also think we are having great sales execution in the PEO side. We also – we expanded it. So, we are selling – while you still sell the majority in PEO kind of “states,” we are selling it nationwide and we are getting very good sales execution on the PEO side, something we have been in the long time, but we think the product and the sales team are really kind of hitting at their peak right now.
Martin Mucci: We saw some improvement in the second quarter. So, we had versus first quarter Gary. So, we had strong performance literally against every single product line and insurance which started a little soft in the first quarter for us had a good quarter. In the second quarter, we expect that to continue. So, we anticipate that we will continue to have strong performance to the balance of the year.
Martin Mucci: No, no, sorry Gary, I probably misunderstood your question. That’s correct. So, what happens is in the back half, you anniversary the changes in the minimum premium plan. By the time you get to the third quarter, you are getting about roughly about half of the impact and by the time you are in fourth quarter, you have anniversaried it completely.
Martin Mucci: I think also I would – as Efrain said obviously when you look year-over-year and when you get into ‘16 there will be tougher comparison on the PEO side, but I think we are very - still very early stage on healthcare reform. As Efrain mentioned our healthcare reform product is just starting to pickup steam now and we really had it in place before anybody a year ago. But with all the delays and the changes in the regulations, I think it took a while to get going. But we are seeing a nice pickup now from healthcare reform whether it’s PEO or not. And I think this will just add to it. So I think it’s still pretty early and I think this will give us some growth for certainly for the rest of this year and then into next year.
Martin Mucci: It’s similar, although I think a couple of things have picked up. One, Efrain mentioned insurance and health insurances has picked up particularly recently and so that’s in there and that started to pick up again. I think 401(k) was very strong a few years ago and it’s kind of leveled out, it’s got nice growth, but the fastest growing is HR outsourcing whether it would be the PEO model or the ASO model or our kind of phone support model. All of those I think the HR support has seen the fastest growth in the last two years anyway and that’s picked up a little bit faster in the mix of things. And I think that’s just the fact that you have seen HR outsourcing and the complexity of HR come down in the client base. So where it used to be that was the 50 plus or at least 30 or 40 plus, that’s coming down more and more into where we have a lot of clients. And so I think we have gotten very good at selling the value of HR supports at various levels to smaller clients. And Efrain mentioned earlier, the team’s selling approach that we have gone to which is if a client is of a certain size, we go in with multiple sales teams together on the front end instead of coming at them after they have payroll I think has also helped to helped to get that growth going higher.
Martin Mucci: I think from a sales headcount perspective I would say it’s up around 4% maybe 4% plus a little bit, so a little stronger and we were kind of holding constant for a few years. Last year we were up a bit and this year we went up again across the various sales organizations around 4 plus or a little bit over 4% against.
Martin Mucci: No, I would that just start by saying, remember that sales team is across all divisions. So it’s not so much on the payroll growth as we have probably seen more increases in the HRS teams as well and also we have moved up some of the virtual sales teams on some of the products like time and attendance and merchant services and so forth as well. So it’s a mix across that Tim. So I wouldn’t say that that necessarily have given you anything on the client growth. The client growth we still think we are in that 1% to 3%. Okay, Efrain takes over them, yes.
Martin Mucci: I think of it as really two different. I just don’t want to mix up two different things there. There is the healthcare plan, where we took on more in the PEO and that was primarily in Florida and that’s the market that we are trying it there. So, you are right there, we are doing in Florida. We are getting good feedback on that. It gives us more flexibility on the rates and in the whole process of how we sell and so forth, we have gotten good feedback on that and that’s part of our PEO growth I believe that you will see continue. On the healthcare reform specifically, we have introduced the product across the country and that’s not just PEO, that’s to all clients and its various products of helping them, but primarily helping them understand and give them reporting on the number of clients that they have as full-time equivalents whether healthcare reapplies to them. If it does apply to them, do they have all of the right things in place and how are they going to file the requirements of the health – of the Affordable Care Act. So, I would say both, they are a little bit different. I don’t know if you were combining them or not, but the PEO is going well there in Florida in particular. We reintroduced that plan. And then the healthcare reform products as we talk about there is really the reporting and the compliance and that’s across the country and that’s really this second quarter just started to really start to pickup some steam. So, we are anxious to see how Q3 goes.
Martin Mucci: It’s just a matter of Tim you get the right plans in place and is the risk reasonable for us to take on. This is where we are taking on more of the risk ourselves and we felt it was certainly a very big PEO market when you think of really two or three key states for PEO at least right now. That was a good one to take on. It was worth it because of the size of the market, the number of sales we have there and of course the plan we are able to get and workout through the Florida Blue. So, we continue to look at those all the time and we are looking at them around the country as to whether that’s the right move or not. It’s the combination of all those things.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think FSA has come under some pressure because of some of the changes on it and so forth in legislation and the deductibility of it and everything. I think that’s going to slowdown a little bit. I think HSAs will become stronger. I think that what you will see there is it gives us more opportunity, because I need more health plans and this could be through the agency as well through our insurance agency, you will see more health plans go more toward HSAs. They are going more toward obviously the high deductibles and then giving HSA money to employees. I think it’s an opportunity for us. I don’t know how – if it’s going to be a major impact at this point, but and I think you will see us do a combination of and probably always partnering to some degree with it because of the back room requirements of it, it just makes more sense sometimes to partner than to build. But we have been in FSA for a long time. I think we will be able to handle it very well and we will be – it will continue to be part of our package.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think the [indiscernible] partnership is going well. We were a little slow on it of the gate. On the selling and merchant services, I think we felt that the field sales would be able to sell that well and they were first in for some new businesses and so they will be able to sell it. It turns out, we learned a lot in different trials on that that it’s a complicated pricing structure based on your type of business and so forth and very competitive. So what we found was we now have the field sales team refer back into an internal team, which we increased the size this year and they are doing very well. So we have gotten some real traction this year on the inside team that sells basically virtually. So the field sales refers it back and inside team will then talk to the client and sells their credit card the merchant processing. And that started to pickup some real steam. Now, it takes a lot of clients given the commission structures there to have substantial revenue given our revenue size. But we do think it’s got great momentum and we are continuing to see that. So it’s been a nice partnership and I think it’s starting to take off. Other partnerships like that, can’t think of too many other than Paychex accounting online. We have invested in with Kashoo in their Paychex accounting online. Again a little slow getting going. I think we are learning a lot about the marketing of the product and how to integrate it more into the marketing. Our clients still view us very much as the human resource outsource – human capital management, payroll and HR and time and attendance and getting them to view us as an accounting offering as well with the Kashoo product has been slower than we thought. So we are learning on that. But we are always open to that. And of course Brazil is a 50-50 partnership with Semco down there to help us get started. And I think just starting in January we are off to a pretty good start. I wouldn’t give a client count at this point, but it’s starting to pick up traction as well and we feel very good about that decision.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think we do – obviously we have been able to show it at some of the shows and the sales force is really picking up steam on it now. I think we sold another platform for a long time, so there was a lot of learning there and we have been enhancing it very quickly. The thing that changes so quickly today is when you release something almost every month there is a new release that’s adding something to it. And so that’s probably been the biggest challenge for the sales force is all the changes to it that we have been adding. That’s a good thing because its added enhancements, we have gotten good feedback on it. I think the clients really like the way it shows the user interface is very simple and very direct for them. We are working on integrating more and more of the other products that we have into that. So it’s – there is a full suite of products and combined with that great user interface and the mobility platform and multiple products that are going anywhere from recruiting on boarding to payroll to HR administration time and attendance, all of that’s bundled in and we are giving more service options now with between user interface to mobility and 7x24 client service. I think the differentiator will be technology to some degree, but it will also be the great service that we can provide that I don’t think anyone else is focused on. So it’s getting good traction with the sales force and we are anxious to see the January results.
Martin Mucci: I think we are seeing some shift towards that. And it’s interesting, it’s particularly we just saw like a big shift on mobility for like the holiday, for Thanksgiving. So, you are seeing it around certain times where – which is exactly what we like where the client has a choice each and every week or every other week whenever they do payroll. They can go mobility this week. They can go online next week. They always have their dedicated personalized service to fallback on whenever they need it and they can just call up and give their payroll over the phone as well. So, we are seeing some shift, but the thing that we are seeing that’s very positive to us is that clients are using the multitude of options available to them, which is what we wanted to give. We don’t want to force them to online. We don’t want to force them away from a payroll specialist who gives us the great retention numbers that we have. So, I think there certainly has been some opportunities there and you will see us with our industry leading margins, you will see us continue to find ways to keep those. You may find us reinvesting as we have the last 4 years though right back into technology, because it’s going to be this combination of service and technology that makes us successful.
Martin Mucci: Yes, it did. We are continuing to see a positive uptick compared to last year. And so we are still seeing that the new business startups as you know I am sure still are not back to what they were pre-recession levels, but they certainly have ticked up over 700,000. They are just not quite back up from what everything we see or back up over that 800,000 level kind of countrywide. So, we are encouraged that we are seeing more sales from new businesses and that’s always been a big part of our business. So, yes that has continued in Q2.
Martin Mucci: Well, is it the right model? I think we will always see the HR service revenue growth growing faster. And I think that the good thing is there, Bryan is that we have got a lot of opportunity for when you think of the penetration rates that we are at. So, even as long as we have been in this business and successful at selling into that base, we still have low penetration rates in a lot of services right from 401(k) to insurances and so forth. So, I think you will always see that, that growth is higher. I think the interesting thing approaching $1 billion in revenue in HRS is really exciting to us and going well beyond that. Payroll service revenue growth is always to be somewhat tied to the economy, but we feel like we are executing well on everything that we can control. And I think you will see frankly a blending more of that. It won’t be so much about how much is payroll service revenue growth and how much is HRS growth, but how much is the combined service revenue growth. And we are trying to continue to drive that to upper – into a consistent upper single-digits kind of place to be. And given that, then keep those margins up and expanding and we have got something very unique here. So, we are excited about how we are executing and certainly about the opportunity in front of us.
Martin Mucci: Yes, there is. We have come close on a few. I think that the tricky thing is the valuation. A lot of these things in the pipeline are priced or valued at almost what I would say is a perfect acquisition. So, it doesn’t leave you a lot of room for error in our opinion. We have been very successful at the product tuck-ins and the acquisitions like SurePayroll that we have done. And so we are very careful about what we acquired, but the pipeline is pretty good. It’s just the valuations got to be right or we are just – we are not going to do it. But we have got the cash and the flexibility. And I think we got a nice track record of executing. So we are pretty aggressive about looking at everything that’s out there right now.
Martin Mucci: I would say pretty much anything that we are into right now would be in our space, so anything from payroll to PEO and product tuck-ins but certainly larger deals as well. And like I said we have come pretty close. But the valuations are pretty steep and so again if we don’t feel like we can make that difference we are going to be pretty disciplined in our pricing.
Martin Mucci: Well, yes, sure I mean, I think we are always looking at – we are trying to get that upper – consistent upper single-digit growth in the top line and continue to be very shareholder friendly on the bottom. And so I have the high margins, but it is a balance. If we see a good opportunity to drive growth that might hurt the margin a little bit, then we would – we are not going to hesitate to do that. It’s always going be a balance. So, we want to drive both, but if in the short-term, it hurts you a little bit, I think we are willing to be able to do that. So, we are investing I think we have been very successful at over the last particularly 4 years is driving margin improvement and also investing it very heavily in technology and I see it along the same lines. We drove cost out of operations who got very productive, tried new things and still got us a great client retention and satisfaction and we funneled out those dollars into technology, where we were behind 4, 5 years ago and put us in a great spot from a technology position now and a competitive situation. So, we see the same thing with an acquisition. Hey, if we are going to take it or it takes on some additional expense, where also we are going to be able to cut to be able to offset it.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think we’d like to as a team we talked about the strategy a few years ago and decided hey, look let’s try to pinpoint 3 or 4 countries perhaps, let’s get our thing, let’s get it growing. I think there wasn’t a focus on it for quite a while. It was kind of a nice idea, but it was not always a focus. We have started focusing on it. We have really doubled the size of Germany through acquisition and through additional sales people. So, we are pretty encouraged there and think that there is still opportunity there, but it has moved slower than we expected, but frankly the culture is slower to still outsource than we had expected. But so we feel pretty good about the fact that I think acquisitions are opening up as well as the opportunities for sales there. In Brazil having only been there less than a year really I think we have learned a lot. It’s also a little bit slow to come out from the CPA or the client doing it. So we have worked a very good process and with becoming the CPA’s back room. I think that's brought down the revenue per client less than we expected, but it’s helped to accelerate the growth in blocks. So you go to a CPA and you take their business, you build credibility with the CPA then we will move into the direct sales to the client because we will have market share and credibility and that’s actually picking up some nice traction. And Semco has helped I think knowing Brazil and partnering that was a different approach than Germany, where we kind of it took us a long time because we did it ourselves. And then we are still looking at one or two countries where we can get in either through acquisition or startup primarily probably through acquisition. And we think we are trying to build it to where it’s meaningful to our revenue which is difficult given where we are growing, but I still think it’s a nice opportunity.
Martin Mucci: We are hoping that it brings up at least in the short-term some consumer confidence which may gives them some discretionary income to spend and it might bring small businesses up, but it’s going to help small businesses a bit as it works through depending on the business. And so hopefully it has some positive impact, but we haven’t seen too much yet.
Martin Mucci: We are seeing that overall from our small business index. We are seeing that the Central part of the U.S. is where we are seeing the best small business job growth because you are seeing increased jobs in the drilling and fracking and so forth and that’s the Central. It’s anywhere from Texas to North Dakota. So it’s interesting that they are having kind of the best job growth right now where the costs have come down some. But I wouldn’t say it’s had any dramatic effect, but I think that it’s been a positive but mostly in the Central U.S.
Martin Mucci: I think you will always see some growth from a sales and marketing perspective. I think just to keep up with the competitive environment I think it’s fairly normalized. It wasn’t a huge increase in sales and marketing, but I think when things have kind of at a normal pace, we are typically trying to grow the sales force by 3% or so. From a technology standpoint, the increase – the level of increase has slowed and I think it will be what you can always spend millions more on technology. I think we have got a great product portfolio and roadmap that we invest in and then tried to slowdown the increase of spending, but the level of spending will probably stay relatively the same. So, I think we are in kind of a normalized – we are kind of heading into a normalized period right now.
Martin Mucci: I think I would say it’s kind of 50:50. I think we are selling into the base as well as brand new clients on the PEO concept. So, I would say probably it varies month to month, but probably around 50:50 is fair. I think we are putting a little bit more emphasis on brand new clients, because I think there is a real opportunity out there. I think our sales force is executing well and really can sell the benefits of the PEO to a brand new client and it’s part of as Efrain has mentioned a number of times this kind of team selling. So, you don’t necessarily have to go in and just sell them payroll. Are old model is selling them a complete suite if they need it and value it. And so you will see us focus probably some reps just on PEO selling outside the base.
Martin Mucci: Yes. And I think this legislation that Efrain mentioned earlier may accelerate that a little bit too, but I think so yes, we are typically Florida, Texas, let’s say Georgia, I think even New York now is starting to pick up and some other states that we really haven’t seen that much growth before. So, I think there is more acceptance and I think the legislation will make that even better.
Martin Mucci: I think the insurance plans that we have I think as well as the service and then the technology of the product that you have. And I think when you look at a few of us that are in the PEO business, I mean, there is only a few that really have that wide breadth of that. Also there is you have really got to count on somebody large and I think sometimes people go into these, there is a lot of small PEOs, I think clients go in there thinking they are going to get something that in the end, they can’t provide from service and technology perspective. And just safety I guess I would say of the insurance plan. So I mean it’s a combination of product offering, technology service and strength of the company behind it.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think what we have seen, it’s a small sample set, but we have seen is the service model being probably the biggest impact. I think what selling some of the new companies that have come out is user interface and technology might look good to them. The service model has not been as complete or as strong as I think as they expect. And some clients see service as possibly a commodity as there going in and it doesn’t turn out to be that way. When you think of the breadth and experience that Paychex has versus some of the startups and the rate that they are trying to grow you are going to have service issues. And I think that’s been the primary thing that’s driven back to us.
Martin Mucci: Yes. We have not really seen losses to Intuit. In fact, we have seen as we dug deeper into some of the gains, we have been gaining some from Intuit on a net basis. So, we haven’t seen a big impact there. I do think they go after a little bit different market while people always think that they maybe taking share from us, we don’t see that. We do see they compete more with our SurePayroll, brand and company and SurePayroll is still doing pretty well. So, they still have double-digit client growth and so forth. So, I think they are still doing well and we haven’t seen a big impact from Intuit. So, they maybe getting it more from those who are manual and kind of moving to a software, which is what we see happening with SurePayroll.
Martin Mucci: No, not really. We sell them – we do sell them together. I think I did mention though that we do think that there is a growing opportunity for the PEO. And so we are going to look at we are adding some reps that are just PEO centric. So, just kind of dedicated to the PEO, but we are still the vast majority or still selling both products, because we still think we have seen good opportunity in both of them.
Martin Mucci: We don’t really break it down. I think we are seeing growth from both of us. They are a little bit faster. I remember they are much smaller base from where they are coming from. So, we are seeing growth across – kind of across the board really.
Martin Mucci: No, not really. I mean, we track to the last penny revenue we lose the size of client, what products they have and it really hasn’t changed much.
Martin Mucci: Okay, thank you. We will close the call if you are interested in replaying the webcast, it will be archived until around January 19. I thank you for taking the time to participate in our second quarter press release conference call. We are excited about year end, a great time for opportunity to show our clients what we bring them from a service perspective is they closed it year many of them and certainly a big time for us in the selling season. And we are excited about all the work that our Paychex employees are doing. With that, we wish you all a very happy holiday season and thank you for joining us.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, checks per client were under 1% in the quarter. I mentioned in previous calls that once we started dipping under 1%, we wouldn’t call out the exact tenths of a point. We saw some moderation in checks per client. We are looking at it. It seems to be consistent with what we are seeing in the – and what seems to be happening in the under 50 space, which is around 1%, a little bit under in terms of employment growth, but we will have to say it can vary sometimes from quarter-to-quarter. This wasn't a particularly strong quarter from a checks per payroll standpoint.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, David, I wouldn’t go any further than to say we are still in that 2% to 4% range. I feel pretty comfortable it’s holding. I don’t see any significant issues there.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So, David as far as we can understand their strategy, they appear to be obviously moving a lot of people on to their run platform and also moving a lot of people to an online service model that has some strengths and some weaknesses associated with it. We think there are challenges in the lower end to operate with that model and we think we have differentiated service that will compete very well from a platform perspective, from technology what they offer versus what we offer in the small market. We feel pretty comfortable we can compete pretty effectively and we think we have got the better service model.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. Okay. So checks per payroll when you start getting down below 1%, there is a lot of variability in that number and it’s affected by the mix of what’s happening with new clients compared to other clients that are trading out of the base. I think we are reaching some sort of steady-state here where that number will oscillate between flat and 1%. That seems to be consistent with what we are seeing in terms of our small business index numbers and seems to be implying and its fair – you have to be careful because this is one quarter of data. It seems to be implying that you are reaching some sort of more moderate state of employment in the small market space. We had two or three years of really strong checks per payroll and employment growth in the small business space it seems like that’s starting to moderate. The impact on revenue, so what I would like to say is if you have about a point growth in checks that’s typically going to give you anywhere from 25 basis points to 50 basis points depending on the mix in revenue, so it should be relatively modest. And we should settle in somewhere in that range.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I think what we see George is very consistent there. So, we are holding, we really feel like we are holding the price and the price increase and nothing has really changed in Q2 from Q1.
Efrain Rivera: Well, yes, so let me explain that in two ways. So, if you look at last year’s results in payroll service revenue, we started the year relatively low 2.4 accelerated in Q2 and Q3 and then ended the year at 3. That had to do with days. This really didn’t have anything to do with days compare. It’s simply that cutoffs in a given quarter may affect where revenue falls on the edge of one quarter or another. We looked at – there is 14 revenue streams that comprised payroll service revenue as we looked at it. Our best estimate is that some revenue that we would otherwise see in Q3, because of timing it’s going to fall in Q4 of this quarter. So, it didn’t happen, it doesn’t always happen, but if you look at the payroll service revenue line over the last couple of years, we see it bouncing up and down, not because it’s that variable, but timing can affect it, days can affect it and that’s why I caution that you really need to look at the year as a whole.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So, Joe what we said was we had a goal of growing clients 1% to 3%. We certainly feel pretty comfortable about where we are in that range and we got off to a good start through the first 6 months. Feel like we are on track in terms of where we expect to be in the year in that range.
Efrain Rivera: Well, I think it’s probably a little bit of all. When I am asked that question, I say we could statistically say its 95% execution. The reality is you need a better environment. So, the environment is better. Our execution is better. Pricing is a little bit better. And the opportunity in the under 50 space overall was better and we are executing better against it. So, I think it’s a mix of all of those issues. I would say though that our execution on the sales side has been really strong. And it’s been strong for a number of quarters now and we feel pretty comfortable about where we are positioned competitively.
Efrain Rivera: Actually other thing Joe is that we call it out in the press release what we don’t give the specifics when we get to year end you can calculate the number. We talk about revenue per check and revenue per check is a combination of number of things that obviously includes pricing. But I think what you are seeing there is sales to a little bit bigger client on the core payroll side and more sales of the precisely the kinds of products that Marty just mentioned to that sales force. Our cross-selling abilities have never been better and our team selling has never been better. So I think it’s all of those working in combination. And while it’s easy to look at just what’s happening in payroll service revenue and ignore what’s happening in the HRS, the reality is that there you have to look at both and our growth rate is a combination of ability to do both of those things well.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, you know Kartik, that’s a good question. So, our duration now is 3.2 and our yield is about 1.6% on the long end of the portfolio. You can see if you look at that line that we are ticking up gradually. We obviously invest differently than they repeat us. We don’t push everything out longer term. Look, we have a conversation about that in the spring. We will take a look at it. I don’t anticipate any major changes. We were very, very positive about rate changes 3 to 4 weeks ago. And now, I am thinking that while we will see some rate changes they are going to be moderate. And so you are going to have to think about how you position the portfolio in that environment and we may be there for a longer period of time. So, yes, we will give some thought to that as we get into the back half of the year. I don’t anticipate a significant shift, but it looks like we have got low interest rates here for some more time given the collapse in oil prices.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, at some point the growth itself from PEO will slow down a bit. It’s early to talk about where we are in terms of ‘16, but we have had a strong year and a half with respect to PEO. We will see where we end the year. Marty was mentioning about sales season, sales season and Q3 is important for the PEOs where we end up they will give us a good indication where we are from ’16. But and I will let Marty talk specifically about employees – employer shared responsibility which is also an important component of our thought process, but it certainly gets the conversation about PEOs going in a way that probably was different than two or three years ago.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So, you are talking about, I think it’s called SPEA, another great government acronym. At the margin, it’s positive for PEOs. It recognizes them as an important solution within the marketplace. There was some ambiguity about how the government was going to look at PEOs. And we think that it’s just going to make the attractiveness of that offering greater in the marketplace, where we are digesting all of the provisions of the legislation, but we think at this point our compliance group, legal group think it’s going to be positive for a PEO.
Efrain Rivera: Jim, it’s part of your decision on pricing. HRS was strong for in virtually every single line. You make a decision as to whether you want to take that pricing or not, but in the 401(k) business in particular, we had higher assets are moved to bigger plans and that certainly played some part in it and will continue to play a part for the remainder of the year, but that’s not the sole thing driving growth in that business.
Efrain Rivera: It was a little bit more than normal this quarter, but again 401(k) part of the way that we make money in that business is a number of different streams and all them were up.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. It’s been trending positively David. I think that what Marty was saying earlier about team selling and cross-selling, I think we have just gotten much better at understanding what a client’s needs are based on size, putting the right set of solutions in front of them and because we have breadth of service – I am sorry breadth of product offering that’s pretty unrivaled, we can typically get a client the solution they need from the first instance, which is a little different than what we are doing probably 4, 5 years ago where we would wait for payroll and then do the sale sequentially. So, look I wait till the end of the year to quantify it, but we are pretty pleased in terms of the revenue uplift that we have been getting per client. So, what that implies is that, that the game no longer has just simply got units and then add ancillaries, which is what we talked about 5, 6 years ago? It’s really get the revenue on initial sale for the right kind of client and we are executing pretty well against that strategy.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So, margin profile is not significantly different than what we have seen historically. If you go back 4, 5 years, our operating income net of flow was about 400 basis points lower than it is right now. So, we obviously have been able to execute that strategy and grow margins at the same time. That’s one. To disaggregate it, I need to give you year end client data and then you need to compute what average revenue per client is. So, you can get a sense of that if you do that analysis from last year. I won’t – we will probably update that at the end of the year, but we are getting the pretty nice revenue uplift. And the issue is that we think that, that we can continue to execute that strategy into the future.
Efrain Rivera: No, I highlighted that because obviously it’s had an impact on the Fed’s thinking around interest rates. I was just reading an article before the call around what they expect to see in terms of consumer uplift. It’s hard to peg any of that to have a direct impact on our business. So no, it shouldn’t have an impact.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. Well, S.K. I think the best way, let me start with the end and then come back to revenue per check. So obviously, we think that revenue per check has been going up and will continue to grow. If you look at each of the product lines we have and I say this frequently, Marty does too that we have about 10% on average of the base penetrated right now, that’s what’s generating the HRS revenue. So I will let you figure out your model what that equates to, but certainly we think 10% is pretty underpenetrated for the base. And there is probably multiples of that kind of opportunity that exists within the base ignoring whether you get growth in the base, which we think will get over time. With respect to each of the products, it really – it really – it depends on the product. When you attach an HR outsourcing solution to a payroll client, you are getting multiple Xs of that payroll clients’ revenue and that ranges anywhere from 1x to 2x on a 401(k) plan as I said to multiple Xs of that payroll revenue in an HR outsourcing solution. So, it really will vary depending on where the opportunity is and the rate of penetration by products, but we think we still have a long way to go in terms of getting to a point where we have saturated the base with the suite of products that we have.
Efrain Rivera: Okay. You are good you had me until that last statement. So I can’t give you next year’s guidance, but Q4 certainly is indicative of a full compare. I would hesitate, Mark to say that simply because we are having – we have been having a very strong year in PEO. When we do our plan we will figure that out. I don’t anticipate it will be quite that strong.
Efrain Rivera: Mark so my answer, you deplorably is that we target around double digit for HRS and year-to-year that can vary a little bit, but that’s kind of what we are trying to get to.
Efrain Rivera: They trended up from Q1 Lisa. And but – and I think I was asked earlier kind of where are we in the guidance range, we still think we are in solidly in the middle. We will see. We will update it as we go through quarter to quarter.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. You know what, [indiscernible], so what ended up happening when we issued the guidance for the beginning of the year, the attach rates on healthcare influence the ranges that’s really basically what’s going on. So, we looked at where we expect to be in the third and fourth quarter and just wanted to tighten the range so that the midpoint obviously is where we think we are going to end up, but that could vary, because attach rates on healthcare can change quarter-to-quarter. It’s really we are being punctilious.
