Bob Schrader: Yes. Everything that we sold and filed in the month of January, Mark, is included in the quarter, but nothing beyond January 31. So we continue to sell it in the month of February. I would say the faucet was still running steady in February in ERTC and we made the decision not to recognize revenue around that just because there's so much uncertainty. And obviously, we're telling our clients that because of that level of uncertainty, if that bill does pass, we would not -- we would refund their monies for the service that we sold in the month of February. So we think it's the right decision from an accounting standpoint to stop recognizing revenue on it. And then I would just say, as we move forward in the month of February, that faucet has slowed to a drip on ERTC. Obviously, we're not focused on it and it's there's probably a little bit that came in, in March, but that was probably stuff that we already had kind of in the queue that we were still processing. It's pretty much that program is over. And yes, go ahead.
Bob Schrader: Yes. I mean, high level, Mark, I mean we provided guidance for the quarter. I think we -- you guys know what the guidance was that we provided for the quarter. The Q3 actually came in maybe about 100 basis points in that range lower than what we had said. And I would say probably 1/3 or a little bit more of that was related to the decision that we took on the ERTC. So you could probably do the math on that and back in to get to a number that's close to the impact in February.
Bob Schrader: Yes, Kevin, I mean, we're still going through and finalizing all of our assumptions. But I would say at this point in time, we would assume a fairly stable, steady macro environment. Obviously, there's an expectation that the Fed is going to start cutting rates later this year. We do have some of that factored in at this point in time. But I would say, overall, the assumption is a fairly steady-state macro environment with some expectation that there'll be rate cuts as we move into the fiscal year.
Bob Schrader: So I'll just start with the -- no, no, no. So I'd say the big driver of maybe guiding more towards the lower end of the range, it was with the employment headwinds that John called out in the script, we continue to see moderation in employment, and that really was across the board. For the most part, the PEO has been able to outrun it with strong execution, both in sales retention. We mentioned we continued to see record levels of worksite employee retention. Really strong worksite employee growth in that business and then really getting our medical insurance attachment and volumes back to where we see it. So it's really a little bit of the macro headwind. And the other thing I'll call out on the PEO, I think the print is strong at 8%. But as you guys know, that, that category is PEO and Insurance, and Insurance is typically dilutive to the growth of that overall category. So I would say that the PEO stand-alone growth is north of that number, obviously, that we gave you. So really strong performance in the PEO business. And we're building momentum and we see that carrying into next year. I'm not ready to give splits on next year between Management Solutions and the PEO , but we certainly would expect the PEO and Insurance to grow at a faster overall rate than the total revenue growth that I gave you.
Bob Schrader: Yes, I'll take the first question. Yes. No change to the amount. I mean, I think your timing, it's not always the exact time every year, but it's in that range typically towards the ended the fiscal year. Beginning in the next fiscal year is typically when we have our annual price increases. So really no change to the timing there.
Bob Schrader: Yes. I mean I wouldn't say significantly, Samad. I don't want to get into providing specifics on the 2 categories yet as we're still going through our annual budget process. But we certainly would expect the PEO and Insurance category growth next year to be similar to what we've seen this year and Management Solutions is where the big headwind is with ERTC. But I would say similar trend lines to where we're exiting the year.
Bob Schrader: Yes. Look, I would say that we continue to be open to acquisitions that meet the strategic objectives that we've laid out and that make financially sense. I would say that I feel like in several areas and industries that we have interest that the multiples that I've seen are getting into line that are more reasonable and trying to be active. And the key thing is just the timing of that, when is the right time of that. So we're certainly open for business, active engaging in both tuck-ins where we can add capability. We're doing a lot of things and looking at what we can do from an AI and digital HR perspective, constantly looking for adjacencies that are driving really the needs of our customers in terms of what they need to succeed and what we've talked about, the access to capital, being able to retain it and hire employees and really getting access to affordable benefits that allow them to attract clients. So all of those things are open. We've got an active engaged team that is talking to a lot of different prospects. But more to come. We certainly have the capital capability and the ability to do acquisitions, and we're prepared to pull the trigger if we can come across something that makes financial sense.
Bob Schrader: Yes. Ramsey, I mean, M&A, we didn't do any new M&A. The only M&A that we've done this year was the small Alterna acquisition that we did at the end of Q1. Obviously, it contributes something. It's a small number, it doesn't even round to 1%. So it's really not a big contributor at all. In the guide, we typically don't -- although we're always active in looking for opportunities, we're not going to put anything into a forecast until the deal is closed. So that does not assume any -- the preliminary guide does not assume any level of M&A next year.
Bob Schrader: That's right, Bryan. So it's roughly -- there's 3 big drivers -- 3 drivers that we've talked about. They're all small, but there's 3 drivers that we've talked about. Certainly, the continued moderation of employment -- we definitely saw lower checks per client, lower change in base relative to what our assumptions were. That started in Q2. We updated our forecast in Q2 for some of the trends that we are seeing. But I would say employment came in a little bit softer than even our revised assumptions in the forecast. And then John mentioned a little bit on the rate. We saw smaller client sizes maybe a little bit higher discounting than what we assumed. I mean, we're still getting really good price realization overall and strong growth in revenue per client. But I would say it was a little bit softer relative to what our forecast assumptions were. And then the bigger piece there was the ERTC that I mentioned. So when you look at those 3 things, they're roughly 1/3 of piece is how I would characterize it.
Bob Schrader: Yes. So I'd say there's a few things to call out there, Bryan. One, I mentioned the ERTC headwind being similar to Q3. It's a little bit less than it was in Q3, so that has a little bit of an impact. You have less of a headwind from ERTC in Q4. We're still getting a strong client base, price realization, product penetration that carries into Q4. And then I would say on the PEO side, we came out of selling season in a stronger position from a worksite employee standpoint in medical enrollment and so we're going to get the full quarter benefit of that in Q4 relative to where we were in Q3. So we got positive momentum, I would say, heading into Q4 in both businesses. And then we are getting a little bit of a lift in interest on funds in Q4. You've seen a little bit stronger growth there versus Q3. Some of that is the compare we did some repositioning of the portfolio. I think we had some -- or some realized losses that we took in Q4 to better position the portfolio going forward. And so you get a little bit of a tailwind in growth from that as well. And I'd say when you put those together, that's what accounts for a little bit stronger growth in Q4 relative to Q3.
Bob Schrader: Yes. I wouldn't say anything specific to call out, Scott. I mean, obviously, we're always trying to look at expenses and making sure that we're not letting new costs into the business and really focusing. We saw the headwind come in. So I wouldn't say there's anything specific to call out other than good expense management. And some of that margin expansion that you saw in the quarter is being driven by interest rates. But even when you exclude that, we saw good margin expansion during the quarter.
John Gibson: Yes, Mark, this is John here. Again, as you know, we pride ourselves in being the best operators in the industry and have a DNA of -- and we know the levers to pull as we see the type of trends that we see. So we've certainly done those, what I would say, typical things, but the deeper question you're asking is the right one. The fact of the matter is over the past 3 years, we've done a lot of investments as we've had the opportunity with the ERTC benefit to make a lot of investments in the business. We really focus that investment around our digitalization and digital adoption capabilities. We've built global capabilities in our operations footprint. And we started to really roll that out and really test and pilot that over the course of this fiscal year. And particularly during selling season, a lot of the enhancements both on the client service and retention side as well as the digital onboarding across each of our platforms, we launched a series of products that demonstrated to us at scale that we can drive stronger operational and sales efficiency in our model. And so we're going to continue to double down on that and continue to look for opportunities that we can drive digital transformation in our back office; drive digital adoption by our prospects and channel partners, clients and employees. And we believe that's going to continue to drive margin expansion. That's what we've seen in these tests and pilots and now we're really starting to push and roll that out at scale.
John Gibson: Yes. And Kevin, I would just add on that on the macro side, we are adjusting our view and have adjusted our view even more as we looked at the third quarter based upon some of the hiring dynamics that we're seeing in the client base because there is somewhat of a disconnect when you look at an economy that's growing at 3% to 3.5%, high 2s, even if you go back and what you're seeing from a hiring perspective. And I would say the state of hiring in small businesses continues to be a challenge. I think it's a labor issue. It's not a demand issue. What we continue to see is clients telling us they're having trouble filling open positions, and quite frankly, with qualified candidates. I think one of the things that professionals that are engaged, as you know, we have about 2.2 million of our client worksite employees under management by our HR team, so as we saw some of the trends we saw that were disconnected from our models in a 3% GDP economy, why weren't we seeing the hiring that we would have anticipated happening in the base, we had active structured dialogues with those clients and what we're hearing is that they have open positions. They want to hire. They can't find qualified people. And I think they had been burned through the course of the pandemic in hiring just anyone. And so they're not willing to do that at the current labor rate. So the macro environment that we see, you look at our job index, continued moderation in hiring, continued moderation in wage inflation. We saw that January and February -- I would say this December, January and February, if you look at our releases, continued to show moderation. And actually January and February were the first 2 months in our index, still over 100, still showing growth, but those were the first 2 months that we actually saw growth under pre-pandemic levels. And so stay tuned. Tomorrow we'll release the March one, but what I would tell you is that what we see is a moderating economy. We see a stable economy. We don't see signs of a recession. We don't see all the other -- demand was strong. Our pipeline was strong. The other things that you would typically see that would be more recessionary, we're not seeing mass layoffs. We're not seeing layoffs across. What we're seeing is openings, vacancies, troubled hiring and businesses being cautious in who they're bringing into their workforce.
John Gibson: I think on the PEO enrollment, I want to really give credit to the team there. I think, as you recall, a year ago, a little over a year ago, this was a challenging area for us. We were seeing things, participation rates weren't as high. Attachment wasn't as high. We really look at all aspects of both our product, our insurance product offerings, our enrollment processes and how we engage employees around that top to bottom. And we made some changes in both the product offerings we have as well as we approach clients and the employees in our insurance offerings in the PEO. And I think the team has done a good job there. And what we've seen is now we're back to at to slightly above attachment rates and our participation rates are back to our historical norm. So I think that was a little bit more of an execution issue than any macro item.
John Gibson: That is a broad question. So if I missed something, you come back. But here's what I would say, we're still able to go into the market and command our traditional value-based pricing for the value we provide. I think you can see that in the retention. And what I would tell you is, again, and I'll be so glad when I don't have to use this word again, which I think will probably be 12 months from now, ex ERTC. When I look at our actual revenue per client with ERTC was in a lot of the pricing bundles that we would sell when you're looking at the data is we're actually seeing that the pricing that we're getting across the various product groups being on par of what we have seen historically. I would remind you that over the last 3 years, we have guided and have said what's been at the high end of our traditional range. And I think that our assumption is as we go into the post-pandemic era that we're going to -- like everything else seems to be going back to the mean to slightly higher. So when I look at retention, again, retention back to kind of pre-pandemic levels, but slightly better. I think that's where you'll see pricing, and we still feel good about where we can go in terms of pricing. I think the competitive environment, it's always been a competitive environment. I think there were 2 dynamics going on that were interesting to me when I looked at the data. And again, when I'm looking across -- when I'm looking across our 401(k) business, our PEO business, our HCM mid-market business, our small business HCM business, our SurePayroll business, I just -- when I go across our insurance business, the broad set of businesses and look at the third quarter, which is one of our largest volume quarters, and I see the volume hold up to what I expected. But what was interesting, the average client size was down in almost all of those slightly, which impacts our realized price, right? You just have less employees, you have less checks. And what I sense is, is that they're in the -- if you think of our business, boulders, rocks and pebbles, right? I think boulders have been harder to move. Less decision. You've heard some other competitors that are more targeted in the upper end of the market talk about extended decision time frames, et cetera. So while we got the volume we expected, we got a little more rocks and pebbles than we expected, which drove a little bit of the rate. And then it was a more competitive environment in terms of both clients from a retention perspective and from a purchase perspective, demanding more and I would say being a little more negotiative in their approach, which is kind of what you sense in the economy with high inflation.
John Gibson: Yes. Bryan, I would just probably reiterate what I've kind of already said. We had solid demand for our solutions really across the board. Volumes were in line with our expectations. What I said before is across each one of those sectors, I would say that the average size of the deal that we landed was smaller than what we anticipated than typical. So -- and I'm talking small, small amounts of differences. But as you all know, in a business of our scale, a small change going from average 1 or 2 employees or 3 or 4 employees or worksite employees per deal, it can have an impact on the revenue you expect.
John Gibson: Yes. Bryan, I would say this, our sales head count has been at our expectations through the year. When we went into the selling season, we were at head count, that's what we reported. I think to your point, what was interesting in the third quarter, when I look holistically across the business, the amount of business we drove digitally across each of the platforms was impressive. And that's approaching some of our other channels that have historically been Paychex's bedrock of where we've gotten business. And so what we're seeing is and what we're doing with digital, I think, will continue to be something, and we're looking at a lot of different go-to-market strategies that we think will drive more productivity in our sales reps. And I think what we're trying to do right now is make sure we're doing the proper territory management so that we can have even more reps more productive. So I'm not prepared -- we're still working through our final budget planning process. What I can tell you is that we're driving a lot of productivity on a per rep basis. And we're going to make sure that we're covering every nook and cranny of the market. So making sure how many salespeople do we actually need to go after the market opportunity we have in each of the segments? And I think getting more specific about segment sizes and product type is what we're focused on as part of our new go-to-market strategy going into this post-pandemic era.
John Gibson: Samad, I appreciate that you recognizing the three questions. I remind everyone of the effort rule. Although he's gone.
John Gibson: And Caroline, I mean the only thing I would add to that, just overall as it relates to capital allocation, really no change in our approach there. We're going to continue to invest in the business. Dividends are -- we're going to continue to grow the dividend, and that will continue to be our primary use of cash. You mentioned share repurchases, really no change in our philosophy there. We do that to offset dilution from executive comp. You saw recently, a month or so ago, we did do a new share reauthorization so we can continue to do that. The old authorization had expired. And then to John's point, we certainly are interested in M&A opportunistically, and we'll continue to use M&A to drive growth in the business. So our strategy and philosophy around capital allocation is very consistent with what you are all used to in the past.
John Gibson: Yes, Jim, I would say that out-of-business rates are not out of the norm that you would expect given the accelerated new business starts that we saw 2 to 3 years ago. Small business starts are down a little bit from those peaks and highs, but still above pre-pandemic levels. But again, it goes back to what I said before. We're not seeing signs of what would typically be seen in a recessionary period where there was accelerated out of businesses. Right now, what I would say out-of-business is elevated and particularly in the low end. But when you look at that in context of how many new businesses were started over the last 3 years, that's not atypical because within 2 years 50% are gone; within 5 years, 75% of them are gone. So that's -- it's not being driven by, what I would say, economic hardship or broad-based. Businesses that you would not expect to go out of business don't seem to be going out of business, if that makes sense.
John Gibson: Well, look, what we keep trying to focus ourselves on is what more can we do to help our clients retain and attract quality employees. It's in their interest. It's certainly in our interest, given the way we get paid. I think, as you know, we launched 2 years ago the AI-based retention insights product that gives them insights to where they may have retention risk. We've got this -- the partnership with Indeed that's fully integrated, and we're actually elevating their job postings up in the listings for them as part of that partnership. We just did the Visier product, which is on the way to being launched. We'll give them compensation information to be done. We're going to be doing some things in the next fiscal year around creating benefit bundles for our non-insurance HCM clients that allow their employees to feel like being part of that employee relationship gives them access to catastrophic care. We're trying to do a lot of things to solve this problem for our clients. And obviously, there's more we need to do because the simple fact is we have a generational change happening in the labor force. Participation rates remain below pre-pandemic levels and it's going to be very difficult given the rate of retirements that we're seeing in Baby Boomers to really see that change. And what you see in the prime age workers were actually at record highs. The problem is not enough prime age people to fill all the opportunities. And then when you look at the productivity gap that you have generationally -- and that's just in terms of experience, I don't want to disparage any generation in any way. But just the fact you're replacing someone with years of experience with someone that's new or experienced, I really think this is going to be an ongoing public policy issue that's going to have to be addressed. There's a lot of retraining with AI and digital jobs. I think more needs to be done. I mean, we got the R&D tax credit thing that's sitting out there. Not to get on political bandwagon here, but we need to do more to allow businesses to invest in productivity and drive productivity enhancements and that's not going to replace workers. That's going to enable them to get the work done with less workers that are going to exist in the marketplace. So I think this is a systemic problem. I think it's a great opportunity for us because it really goes to the products and services that we offer for a small and medium-sized business owner. So that's kind of my personal view on it, and it continues to show up in the data that we look at.
John Gibson: Yes. I think, Ramsey, replacing ERTC is a very difficult thing to do, both in terms of the revenue nature of it and the profitability of it. And I would say that helping -- and basically, we're doing filing, as you know. We were doing tax filings, which is something that's core to our business and there was a lot of hype around ERTC. So there was a lot of education going on by others that was helping that. What I see in secured the SECURE Act is I think it's a great thing. I mean, our retirement business had a solid quarter and it's had solid year-to-date, and that continues to be a strong growth driver. I think you've still got to talk to business owners and educate them on it. It's still a sales process. We've had states that have made it mandatory. Those kind of come and go in the area. The other thing on the SECURE Act 2.0, which we've been pushing on is there is a little bit of a loophole that kind of disadvantages businesses with under 10 employees. I won't get into the nuances of it. And there's pretty bipartisan support in both the House and Senate to try to close that loophole and we keep pushing for that because I do think that would particularly help in our micro segment, really accelerate some adoption there. But right now, that will pull is still there.
John Gibson: Yes. So David, what I would tell you at this point in time, a lot of our AI initiatives and investments have really been focused internally, both in terms of how we drive efficiency, how we drive better sales productivity, how we do better marketing and targeting, how we do better customer service and identify clients that are risk, how we do better pricing and discounting so that we're not getting too much away, but we're giving enough to get the right type of lifetime value that we want. Really on the client side, the retention insights has been a very popular product with our larger customers in terms of getting insights to what they're doing, and we're just in the stages of really rolling out our Visier product, which will give them basically 750 million data compensation data points that will allow our customers in real time to understand how competitive they are if they're making a job offer what they could potentially do. And that's just in the early stages. What I believe is because of our vast data set, we're going to be able to provide a degree of insights and information when coupled with our HR advisers that I truly think is going to set us apart from any of the smaller regional players or a local CPA because we're just going to be able to give them the vast data set insights that we have. And so as I've mentioned, we just hired a new SVP whose full-time job is to do nothing, but pull all of the capabilities we have across the company and develop a robust strategy of how we can drive the most out of AI to drive more value for our customers and drive more operational efficiency into the company.
John Gibson: Yes. I don't want to shortchange the tremendous job that each and every employee does in the company in terms of managing expenses. And we have it built into our DNA when we say, hey, we're seeing signs it's time to go. People know what to do and they do it. Because again, as Bob pointed out, some of that PEO and Insurance revenue is direct revenue pass-through. So when you look at our margins, you think some of that revenue into ERTC. I just want to come in how good a job we've done and I think have done historically as part of our just DNA as being the best operators. And so it's every little bit, every little thing matters. And so there's no one big thing. I would say that the insights that we're gaining and the opportunity for digitalization, the investment we've made in enabling our clients and their employees to engage our systems and the rate in which they're adopting that opportunity is tremendous. And we've invested over the last several years into building out both our AI robotics capabilities and our global footprint. And I think all of those investments we've made over the last 3 years during the pandemic era, when we had ERTC are going to serve us well as we move forward. So I just look at it and say, as we exit this era of the pandemic from a Paychex perspective, I think we're entering the new era of just fundamentally a better positioned company. I think we're a more positioned, trusted adviser to small businesses. We're delivering more value to our customers. They're rewarding that with retention and with better pricing in a market where there's a lot of cheaper alternatives out there. We're more digitally enabled in all aspects of our business than we've ever been. And I think we're more agile and focused and also more profitable, quite honestly. So hats off to the team for all the things we've done to get ourselves in this position that when the tide turned, we had leverage we could pull to make sure that we're delivering for our shareholders.
John Gibson: Okay. Well, listen, everyone, at this point, we'll close the call. If you're interested in a replay of the webcast of the conference call, it will be archived for approximately 90 days. And I want to thank you for your interest in Paychex and hope all of you have a great day. Thank you.
