John Gibson: Yeah, Brian, just step back. I'd say, we had solid demand on our solutions for the year. You know, activity was high across the teams. As we talked about, and you can tell from the results, the HR outsourcing and HR advisory areas are really picking up attraction with the market. That's what we're seeing versus the pure-tech. And so we certainly are pivoting heavy into that retirement also is another area where we can see that. So look we see good demand for our products and the services. The changes we are making are really -- we talked about on the last call, we are really relooking at -- as you can imagine, we just went through the last three years of a pandemic year. As the ERTC program ends, we are really refreshing our entire go-to-market talking points, our sales place our marketing position and really focused on the things that we find clients are most concerned about in today's post-pandemic world. And those things are attracting and retaining qualified employees in a very stable market. The second thing is being able to get access to afford benefits with health inflation likely to continue to increase, and they really got to be able to put together a benefits package to be able to [go out] (ph) and compete against larger firms. And then the third thing is access to capital both constrained capital and cost of capital. I think you know we made a little tuck-in acquisition of a company alter that we are very excited about, and we continue to expand our digital access to Fintechs, so that our clients have access to capital during the payroll process as well. So we're really trying to retrain our sales team on those new areas. We also are pivoting some of our resources into those market segments where we think, there is going to be higher growth as we go into fiscal year 2025.
John Gibson: Look, I think on the macro area, what we continue to see is growth and moderate growth. We continue to see wage inflation cool. I would tell you, in May in our report, we had the biggest one month increase there. As we said in our comments, we actually saw growth in checks and worksite employee in the fourth quarter, and that was a positive trend. We started engaging because, again when you got the economy growing at the rate it is growing, our models would suggest that you'd see more hiring. So to your point, what's going on here. And what we did is we went out and started looking at our analytics and data and to point retaining clients is a challenge for small business owners. Second, attracting qualified. And so we started engaging them. We did a lot of surveys. And what we found was they have open positions, they are just struggling to find them with qualified individuals. And I think, another thing they learned during the pandemic when everyone was just trying to hire just anybody that hiring just anybody doesn't help your culture or your workforce. And so I think, they are being a little more selective. So we rolled out a series of products we'll have more on the way. We started it in the PEO because that's an area where we have a lot of direct contact with the client and their employees and started doing a lot of comprehensive work both on retention and helping them directly attract using both our technology capabilities, as well as our AI capabilities and then directly building recruit strategies, and we saw success in that program, and we are going to look to continue to move that forward as we go forward. But I'm not -- we're not seeing any side of a recession or hearing from our clients are seeing payoffs or those type of things that we would typically see in a recessionary period.
John Gibson: Yes. Look, we'll make this pretty simple. As we got through the selling season, as everyone knows, after our selling season is the time to begin to introduce new technology platforms and other things into our sales and marketing engine as we gear up for the next fiscal year. Look, one of the things we are constantly trying to do is improve the prospect experience digitally from the time of attrition, all the way through to running their first payroll and doing as much of that digitally as possible. One of the things that we've been working on were some ways in which we want to improve that customer experience in ways that we thought we could enhance digital attraction in the micro market. This is -- think of this in the digital micro market. We made some technology platform changes. We introduced some other third-party capabilities there. And to just be bought, we had some integration issues. And any time you have a disruption in that process, the people bug out of the process. And so you just did not have the -- you had to leave the conversion issues. Now we can go back and go after those individuals. But again, it was just not smooth, and we've got that behind us at this point in time. So that was what I would say a very specific market segment and a very specific technology upgrade that we were doing. And I do believe that, that upgrade will end up giving us better conversion rates and better attraction rates as we go into fiscal year 2025.
John Gibson: Yes. So a couple of things. We disclosed round numbers there. So the client base growth was closer to 1% when you kind of do have the full numbers and not the round numbers Samad. And I'm not sure on the worksite employee because our worksite employee growth was upper single digits. It was strong both in ASO and PEO and it was close to double digits, I'd say on the PEO, we've had a lot of strength there. So I'd have to look at those numbers again, but the worksite employee growth across both solutions has been extremely strong this year in particular, in that PEO business.
John Gibson: I would tell you this that our growth formula that we historically have is well intact. I think that -- particularly when you even look -- I look at these numbers ex-ERTC, there are so many headwinds -- things that are difficult to look at over the last three years because you have the PPP, you have ERTC. You had a lot of onetime programs that we were engaging our clients with -- which was critical for their success. And that certainly gave us a lot of opportunities to talk to our clients about the provide. What Bob said is exactly what we would say. We continue to have good value pricing opportunities in our base and we have a demonstrated track record that as we bring clients in, we can move them up the value chain, demonstrate value and get price realization. So I think, the historical pricing capabilities that we have in the market, we continue to see and we continue to believe those are sustainable into the future.
John Gibson: Unfortunately no. Sometimes it does, Bryan. Sometimes it balances out in the quarter. Sometimes it balances out in the year. This day, we actually -- this year, just the way the calendar falls, we actually lose the day. But the impact to growth on a full year basis is minimal, but it impacts the quarter. So I wish I could get it back in the next quarter, but I don't, but the full year impact is minimal.
John Gibson: Yes, there's the less processing day. There's the ERTC headwind, right? Again, the headwind gets smaller as you move through the year, that's high margin. So that's going to have an impact And then just in general, when you look at our margins, they're typically stronger in the back half than the first half, and that's because of some of the way we recognize revenue around some of the year-end processing stuff in Q3, which is also very high margin. So historically, if you go back and look at our margins by quarter, you're going to see the Q3 and the back half are typically a little bit higher. So those are the big differences.
John Gibson: Yes. I really can't quantify it outside of just looking at how we've historically improved our operating performance without increasing our cost actually -- decreasing our cost is the way I look at it. So whether that's in the sales area, where I look at how it's been used to increase prospecting, how we’ve used it to drive rep productivity. I look at it in the service area in terms of what we are doing from a retention perspective. The biggest probably benefit that we see from it quite frankly, is in this pricing and price realization area, where we can in real time, do a lot of analysis around price realization and price sensitivity at the client level. So that -- as we are both proposing to a prospect, as well as looking at the roll downs of discounts of prospects they become clients and now they're discount is rolling down. How much of that can we get back. We've gotten very sophisticated in understanding what their service experience has been, what the utilization of our product and technology has been, and we know those are predictable factors in understanding the value they're seeing us providing. And where we're having the most value being delivered to a client, as you can imagine, we can realize more price appreciation, as we benefit them over the lifetime of the client. So nothing specific that I could really pull out but I can certainly tell you that across the board, if I went and told my team, I was going to turn off AI and that kind of things, they would not be happy about keeping their commitments.
John Gibson: Now I go back again, I guess, we pull ERTC without the models that we have from an AI perspective, ERTC would have been a very difficult and manual calculation that we would have had to have done relative to the parameters. And all of that was really done through a data and AI model that was generating reports and basically the client was giving us a couple of the missing data points that we needed to be able to complete the application and complete the processing. So if we were to -- and I think some providers actually moved away from wanting to even offer ERTC because they looked at it as a very complicated, very labor-intensive type of effort. We know a lot of our CPA partners did not want to touch it at all. And really, as Bob said, it's highly profitable because that was really built off of an AI and data model that we built and automated that entire process.
John Gibson: Yes. And I would say, even more to come as we have now began to digitize our entire from prospect to servicing all of our interactions with our clients. In 2023, we captured 158 years of call interactions. Now that means, we took the calls, they were recorded. They were transcribed. They are now sitting in a data model where we can use that to do. And then another 250 years of calls in electronic communications between chat and e-mails that we have between the clients and all of that data is being used to analyze what are our clients asking us, why are they asking us and how do we avoid the meeting to ask us, those questions to start with. So you do that math there, that's the scale of the data set that we generated in one year by digitizing and leveraging data and AI in our service area. That service alone, by the way, that doesn’t include the millions of SMB companies that we engage in our prospecting and sales process through the years.
John Gibson: Well, let me talk about M&A in general. I’d say, another part of our growth formula has been historically M&A as well, and that would be one that we continually looked at. I would tell you that I do find the market getting back to more rational valuation, both directly in our space and then that the adjacencies that we have been looking at historically where I think there was a lot of inflation as I see this go back. We're going to continue to be very active in that market. Specifically, in the area you're asking the question, we are more interested in expanding our partnerships with Fintechs and other companies digitally, so that as the client comes into run their pay. Remember for most small business owners, the biggest check they're going to write every month is their payroll. And so that's a source that if we can provide them alternatives to float some of that or get a loan if they need to repair a truck or something like that in their business. So what we are trying to do is build more partnerships there so that we can actually give them access to capital at the point of funding their payroll.
John Gibson: Yes. So to answer to the second question is no Scott, I think we have all that behind us. It is $30 million, I'd say roughly 20% of that is probably head count related, and then the balance from there is probably split roughly half between the real estate assets and the technology assets. There'll be some more disclosures when you see our 10-K in a couple of weeks around that. But that's the rough breakdown of those costs.
John Gibson: Okay. Thank you, Madison. At this point, as we close the call, if you're interested in a replay of the webcast, it will be archived for approximately 90 days. Again, I want to continue to thank each and every one of you for your interest in Paychex. And I hope everybody has a great day and a great fourth of July. Take care.
Samad Samana: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So maybe first, just on some of the assumptions underpinning the outlook for the year. I guess, first when you think about the cost action that you did in the fourth quarter, Bob was that factored in when you gave the preliminary outlook for 2025? I'm just trying to understand how much the cost action is influencing the EPS growth outlook? And then I have a couple more quick follow-ups.
Samad Samana: Great. And then as I just look at the data from this year, it looks like client growth was about 60 basis points if I look at the 745,000 clients versus the 740,000 ending last year, and WSE grow 2.3% versus 2.2% is about 4.5% growth. What are you assuming for, I guess client growth and WSE growth in the fiscal 2025 outlook? .
Samad Samana: Great. And I know it is breaking the rules, but I'm going to squeeze a third one in because it was kind of how you'd question it.
Bob Schrader: Yes. Sure, Samad. Thanks for the question. Yes. I mean it absolutely was factored in. I'd say -- the only thing that surprised us about the end of ERTC was that -- it happened probably a quarter earlier than what we expected. But we've been -- we knew that it was going to come to an end this year. So we've been really focused all year on preparing for that. John has actually been talking to the team about it for two years, telling us that it was going to come to an end. So we've been focused on our cost savings initiatives, really trying to find ways to continue to enhance our digital capabilities, find ways to be more productive, more efficient while making investments in the business to prepare for this, really focused on not letting new costs in the business. And so we've been working on a plan for 12 months. What you saw as it relates to the cost actions that's been underway for some time. Obviously, I wasn't going to communicate it, but I had a high degree of confidence on the execution of those plans which enabled me to provide the preliminary color around margin expansion that I did on the last call.
Bob Schrader: Yes Samad. I would say, it's -- our growth formula, which has proven in the 5% -- or the 4% to 5.5%, you take the midpoint of that, you got to factor in the 200 basis point headwind from ERTC. I would say, very similar. We're always putting together plans. We're trying to find ways to be more productive from a sales standpoint, trying to sell more and lose less and drive client-based growth. I'd say we are not as maybe dependent on that as others because we have lots of different solutions that we can sell. And we want to get client base growth. And then the big part of the formula is really going back into that base. And getting a larger share of wallet over time, we've driven a lot of growth historically and our ability to do that when you look at the kind of the penetration rates in those key solutions. And John really mentioned them, ASO, PEO, retirement. We have a lot of momentum in those businesses, and there is still a lot of runway within the existing client base. Pricing, we've talked a little bit this year about maybe pricing being a little bit of a headwind or a little bit less than our expectations, I will tell you the price realization in our model is still strong. Maybe our expectations. This year, we're a bit high, but pricing in our model is still strong and that would be a contributor to growth next year, maybe not at the same level as the last couple of years. But when you kind of put those things together, that gets you close to that growth rate ex-ERTC that's implied in the guide.
Bob Schrader: Yes, Andrew, it is a very strong number. And the thing to remember is we did not reach our expectations in terms of work site growth inside the client base. If the economy growing at the rate it's growing, we expected to see a lot more worksite employee hires in the PEO. That's part of the reason why we put this hiring program in place in the PEO because what we heard from our clients there was they were -- they had a lot of openings, but they were struggled to find them. So these numbers are very impressive, and they're volume-driven. I think we do have a very competitive offering. We did a lot of things on our insurance program. We had strong medical attachment exceeding our expectation. And then the enrollment based upon the breadth of the offerings that we're providing to the employees, the participation rates actually increased as well. So really pretty much across the board when I look at it, I think there is increasing demand for HR advisory and HR outsourcing solutions. And again, I remind everybody that's one of the things that I think is going to end up differentiating Paychex, is we can go all the way from a pure-tech play, which maybe there was a little more choppiness it. All the way up to a full outsourcing play. And when you have inflationary and you're trying to do more with less and you're trying to look at cutting costs, the old play of outsourcing moves in there. So now do I need to add another person to my HR department. Do I even need to add an HR person. Or can I outsource that? I think there is growing demand, and I think in an inflationary and where people are being very cost conscious. Outsourcing is one of the key tools. Everyone goes to an [e-CFO] (ph) knows as you go to outsourcing when you want to cut your cost and we've got the offering to do that. And I think we've positioned our value proposition very strongly against the competitive set that we're going up against.
Bob Schrader: Yes, Ashish, I'm actually surprised it took this long into the Q&A to get the question on Q1. Obviously, the 2% number, I think people would look at that. And you really need -- and have some questions, you need to peel back the onion a little bit and understand it. I'd say that we -- I talked about the ERTC headwind being a 200 basis point headwind on a full year basis. Obviously, that's larger in the first half and in the first quarter, and that subsides as we go through the year. So it's north of 300 basis points. It's a stronger headwind in Q4. And then listen processing days, typically they balance out through the year in a given year. They can have an impact on the quarter. It's not going to have much of an impact on the full year, we're actually losing one of our bigger days of the week in the quarter. So that certainly is a headwind to growth. I think if you take those two headwinds. And again, I'm giving you round numbers here. You're going to -- and you do the math, you're going to get to a growth rate in Q1 that is very similar to the growth rate ex ERTC that we delivered in the back half of the year. It's very similar to that. And obviously, got to exclude interest rates because we are still getting a fairly significant lift in rates in the back half of the year. But if you look at service revenue and you add in those headwinds, you're going to see a growth rate in Q1 that's very similar to what we delivered in the back half of the year. And I'll remind everyone, we've had a significant acceleration in the growth rate of the business in the back half, ex-ERTC relative to the first half. So I know the print number or the number on the face of it looks weak, but when you factor those components, you're still seeing growth that's very similar to what we had in the back half of the year. And then on the margin, there is a lot of that is going to do -- have to do with the ERTC headwind year-over-year. I mean ERTC is was highly profitable. It wasn't 100% margin, but it was pretty close to 100% margin. And that's where you see a little bit of headwind on the margin quarter versus quarter.
Bob Schrader: Yes. Let me start with your second question first and the answer to that is none. I mean, we did do a really small acquisition last year. There may be a few weeks of benefit, but it probably doesn't even round to [0.1] (ph). So there's really no assumption around M&A in the model. Ramsey, I don't necessarily want to get into giving you quarterly guidance here. But what I will say is, obviously, the ERTC headwind ramps down quarter-to-quarter, as we go through the year. And so the revenue growth that we see in the model, both -- total revenue management solutions is going to accelerate during the year quarter-to-quarter based on that ramp down. When I just kind of take a step back and look at maybe first half, back half ex-ERTC. I'd say right now, our thinking is the growth rates are similar from half, back half, maybe a little bit stronger but not materially different in the back half versus the front half. You saw we did that this year. We have plans in place that we're executing on. But really, the difference in the gating is primarily being driven by the ramp down of ERTC quarter-to-quarter as we move through the year. We'll get through Q1. I'm trying to provide you guys some color on Q1. And just given the pluses and minuses over the last few years with ERTC, we're trying to help you get close to where you need to be for the next quarter, but not necessarily get into setting a precedent of giving exactly where we expect to be for each quarter. I'll provide another update when we get to the end of the Q1, and we have that call.
Bob Schrader: Yes, I'd say another example and it kind of takes long to a question that was asked earlier about the PEO performance. Another example where we leverage these technologies is in the PEO business. I mean, we talked to you guys about this in the beginning of the year that was one of our strategies to reaccelerate growth in the business. We had a really strong year last year with ASO and we knew that we were going to be able to leverage our data in AI models to really go back into that customer base, identify those prospects that were good clients for the PEO model and really go back in and upgrade them to PEO and be able to do that in a productive and efficient way with low customer acquisition costs. And that is one of many things that we did to really improve the PEO performance this year. But I think that is a great example on the real benefit, it’s having in our business model.
Bob Schrader: Yes, Kartik, I think we talk a lot about what you realize from client base growth. What do you realize from price? Remember, we got a pretty broad growth formula. And when you look at product penetration, that's been an area that's been historically very strong. And I would say that accelerated during the pandemic. So if I look pre-pandemic to post-pandemic and say what changed. We're exiting the pandemic and entering the post-pandemic era in a stronger position as a company. And we are more profitable, I think we are more agile. We have a stronger value proposition and set of solutions. I think we've established ourselves as a trusted adviser with our clients. I mean we got over -- we had over $90 billion of money in our clients' hands from ERTC and PPP. And so that built up a lot of goodwill. So when I look at what we can do from an insurance penetration of what we're seeing in the PEO. Remember, we sell the PEO both inside the base and outside the base, and we are seeing both of those accelerate. We are seeing our HR outsourcing inside the base. We are seeing 401(k) inside the base accelerating. So that product penetration is something -- sometimes gets left out, and that's also a key part of our growth formula as a company and has been for, as you know, for 50 years.
