Martin Mucci: We don't really give that number out specifically, but it's back in the range of the low 30% range, which is similar to where we were historically. We were down a little bit in the first quarter. Then, second quarter, we were still holding pretty well. We're down where we have been more traditionally. Last year, we peaked up closer to 40%, and so we're down around the low 30s.
Martin Mucci: Yes, sure, I think it's -- SaaS certainly will continue to get investment, but so many of our clients, I think we have about well over 120,000 clients on some SaaS-based cloud model. So we feel very good and very strong in that respect of our online products. And then on the full outsourced, we will continue to invest because the majority of our clients are still on a fully outsourced. And we made a big investment a few years ago, converted all the clients over to a new platform and have been working on that now for a couple of years. That really assists the internal client -- our internal service providers, and we'll continue to invest in both. I think it's always going to be -- you got to stay on top of the technology, and we feel we're actually a little bit of a leadership on that piece on the online clients for our space and with what we've just introduced. And you got to stay on top of the service. So we feel very good that between the technology and the very high service satisfaction numbers we're showing and continue to show that we'll just keep investing in both and making sure that we have what the client wants.
Martin Mucci: I think what I would say, Nathan, is it's been right on track with what we had expected. We're pleased with what they've been doing and in the business cases we looked at. So they're continuing to grow well. It's certainly strong double-digits and client-based, and we'll know more after the selling season. But they're right on track with what we had expected.
Martin Mucci: Well, certainly, we're looking for an increase over last year. And what we're seeing overall is more flattish, I think. And I think, as I said, we've seen referrals -- the good news is we're seeing referrals -- sales closing from the referrals on CPA -- from CPAs and Web marketing up, and that's very good. What we're still seeing very kind of mixed is the new business formation. They're really more on the flat side and that kind of hold things down. And I think there's some good signs, there's some mixed signs on the new business formation, right? There's consumer confidence, which has been up for a few months, which hopefully will drive more people to start their new businesses. But then you see things like small business lending, which is at an all-time low. So I think what we'd like to see is obviously just an improvement more on the new business side because we think the other pieces are actually going pretty well.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think it's always a mixed message. I think one, I do think the more that there's gridlock like there is and there's concern with people who are starting new businesses, maybe I shouldn't start it right now because I don't know what's going on with tax credits or taxes to small business or anything like that. On the other hand, I think those that may be in business and have not outsourced their payroll look to someone like us to say, "I can't keep up with all those changes and things that are going on." So I think it's a mixed bag right now. I think that no matter what happens on the current payroll tax piece, we're ready to handle it and we can make those changes very quickly. So it's not going to impact, certainly, the day-to-day business. But overall, I think it may drive a few more people to say, "I'm just going to outsource this. I can't keep up with all of the administrative changes, tax credits, hiring credits and so forth that are going on."
Martin Mucci: Yes, that excludes SurePayroll, so we're up moderately. I'll jump in on the losses, where out of business continued to improve, although that's moderating because we saw the best improvement over the last year. But that's still getting better. Losses overall are better. Retention -- let me put it that way -- retention is better year-to-date versus last year. So we continue to see that improve, and that's certainly in out of business as well. So it kind of plays into the current client base continues with the checks up, fewer businesses going out of business. That continues on a path that has now been 7 quarters of improvement. The tricky part is still when will more new businesses start up, which is more flat to last year, at least the sales from there, anyway.
Martin Mucci: Let me start on that one, Efrain, and then I'll let you jump in. I think from an execution standpoint, I feel very good. The operations side, the service numbers, the service satisfaction results have never been higher. And so we maintain a very high number there that we monitor very closely, and we're real excited about that. So that execution is great. On the sales side, I also think they're really doing a good job selling the national brand that we have, the strength that we bring to the markets, the new technology and so forth. So -- and we continue to show growth, particularly in 401(k), insurance and HR outsourcing. The payroll is a little bit tougher because of the new business starts. But when you see CPA referral, sales from CPA referrals and things picking up, to me, it all shows that execution is going pretty well.
Martin Mucci: And I think from the leadership team perspective, everybody is in place. I'm sorry, Rod, everybody's in place and feeling really good that the team has come together very well. And everything's filled, including we just announced the hiring of a VP of IT Operations that filled a retirement slot. And we feel very good about the strength of the team and how they're all kind of jumping right in. So very engaged in working well together, and particularly the Head of Sales who's been on now a few months and is extremely engaged now with his team of kind of the seasoned professionals that have been out there.
Martin Mucci: I think what Efrain was saying is in the first quarter, if you're looking at payroll service growth, it was up 4% and then up 3% now. It was more of some kind of one-time things in the first quarter that benefited some of that. It wasn't a big difference. And there were some one-time things there that happened. We really don't see from an execution standpoint any concern at this point. It's really that new business formation that's probably the biggest question mark.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think it's just -- it's tougher comparisons, and what we see that it will moderate now. It's always hard to tell, but that's what we feel at this point. I don't know why it would be -- those are big -- the big indexes that someone like ADP uses. And so it could be larger businesses doing better. Sometimes you see that in their hiring versus the smallest, when we have 80% of our clients under 20.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think the other thing, when you look at the economy, it's not that robust. It seems to be pretty mixed. And so you think the hiring does pick up for a while, and at some point, what you saw a year ago or so was productivity had kind of reached its peak and the small businesses started to hire back. But again, I'm not sure there's a tremendous demand from a consumer standpoint for all their services, so how long will they continue to hire more than last year? So I think it's just, as Efrain said, a historical trends, what we can see and that's kind of our best guess. Obviously, don't have a crystal ball there; just trying to look at it from our historical trend.
Martin Mucci: Yes, it's a good question. I think what we've continued to say is our IT, our investment in product development and IT delivery of the services is up double digits. And it's from an expense standpoint, and that's one of the few things that is and probably will continue to be. We've never stopped investing. And so we really have gotten good efficiencies out of the new platform and continue to keep looking for other efficiencies. And as you know, as you said, we're very good at that. And so the operations side has continued to do what it's always done, which we keep trying to drive out cost whatever we can and invest that over in the other side into the IT and the product development. And we're pleased that, that now has some fruit by showing the iPad and the single sign-on and new platforms and so forth. So we never take our eye off of a significant investment in the IT and the product development.
Martin Mucci: It really hasn't changed too much, Glenn. It's been -- we're down, in total losses we're down, so better attrition year-over-year. Out of business is still down a little bit. And the relationship that I think we've given before is probably 60% to 2/3 come from out of business, and so that's continuing to help us. And then there's some for price or combination, where they become -- some business takes them over and has a different payroll provider. But the mix of losses has not changed much and attrition and the...
Martin Mucci: Pretty much the same. It's competitive. But I wouldn't say it's changed a lot. There's always discounting that goes on. But we feel like we've held our price increase pretty well, and that's an indication that we still have some pricing power there. So I'd say it's pretty much the same. I think we're winning a little bit more on the regional or local competitor kind of frame and about the same on the national provider, probably the same thing. And I think on the local, it's because of the technology and so forth that the national providers can provide a better technology than the local.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think one, when we look at the second half of the year -- first of all, we obviously have been stronger in the first half of the year. And so we kind of see the second half of the year as we normally do. Some expenses, like selling expenses will probably pick up as there's more sales, and we add sales people usually in the fourth quarter that picks up. But we're not under-investing the technology. It's just as we're seeing some of the savings from the first half of the year continue on from the operations side. They’ll still be offset, but it leaves us a little bit higher than we had expected.
Martin Mucci: And I think from a leading -- from a sales perspective, we're still leading with service. That's what we're known for, is an outsourcer of HR and payroll and benefits. I mean, service is number one and our sales team still leads with a great service that we'll provide for the clients and the value. But you got to have the technology with it, so they're certainly showing the technology options that are out there, but they're number one, still selling on service.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think it's always going to be on a -- there's always going to be some kind of a sliding scale of the service and the technology. And I think, certainly, over 5 years, you would assume based on particularly younger people starting businesses and being used to the technology, that it’ll lean toward the technology. But in the end, the technology -- you've got to make it easy for the small business. And if it's the technology, we're going to offer that. If it's the service only or in combination with a technology, that's what we're going to offer. The focus is always going to be adding value to that small business to let them focus on what they do and free them up to what they do. And whatever way they want to see it, we're going to be able to sell it. So technology will play a more important role. But in the end, if you're not a big service provider who can really take care of all the changes and things that they need done, it's not going to sell.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I mean, we're still seeing very good growth in the HR outsourcing, whether it's the PEO or the ASO model. And we introduced a new product on the low-end called HR Essentials, which allowed you to just have telephonic support as well if you want to kind of just break into this. But we're certainly seeing still a big market for HR outsourcing. And the benefit of us is obviously having 564,000 clients or more, we can go into that client base that already knows pay checks, using us for payroll and say, "Hey, we can now take and support you from an HR outsourcing perspective," and that service has continued to grow very well. We have over 400 HR generalists that are out in the field supporting probably 40 clients a piece or so. And this is a service we see continuing to grow. It's a great market. And I do think, as you've mentioned or questioned, it's continuing to grow because more businesses just need to outsource the HR and it's easier to do.
Martin Mucci: No. Actually, we had a bit of a bump that we talked about with the PEO. We had a pretty high insurance rate change last year. And so it kind of carried in that it slowed some of the sales in the PEO to start with. We got that back on track about 2 quarters ago. And I think it's just kind of -- it still hasn't picked up necessarily the speed. But we're seeing a lot more sales submissions and things. The products in much better shape now, the insurance rates and so forth. PEO business is kind of spiky. It kind of jumps around with how your rates are and so forth, and we feel we're very much back on track. But in this quarter, there were fewer sales than we would've seen last year. But we feel that's picking back up again. And the ASO basically kind of balanced that out, to be honest with you. But the PEO is a little bit slow. We feel it's now turning back stronger.
Martin Mucci: Well, on the SaaS side, being mostly SurePayroll, they're obviously -- and there is different pricing there that they've had in place and we've maintained, and so that's there. On our side there's not that much difference in the pricing at this point for the online clients, the SaaS-focused clients. And in the core payroll business, than when you go to the mid-market, major market business for us, there is certainly more pricing flexibility there that they use on the larger accounts, and about 60% of those now are on a Saas-based hosted model. So I wouldn't say it's too much different on the traditional paycheck. It's certainly different on the SurePayroll SaaS.
Martin Mucci: I think I don't see anything necessarily in Congress, although they're certainly focused on it and trying, right, to increase small business strength and startups and so forth. So maybe they'll come up with something. I haven't seen it yet. I don't think necessarily payroll taxes do that or hiring credits. Because you're only going hire if somebody's buying the services. I think the most positive thing we've seen is that consumer confidence being up for a quarter or so now. And I think that's positive because if people are spending more, that's going to drive more small businesses to get started. The lending piece is a little bit discouraging only because if they can't borrow, if it's tough to get the money, then they won't. But there's people that also say that banks were always hesitant to lend to brand-new small businesses, and mostly it was family and home equity. So then you go to home equity, and of course, that's not bouncing back quite yet, but it certainly looks a little more positive. So I'm not really sure to answer your question, David, that there's much that Congress can do. I wish I had an answer for them. But I do think that there are some signs that it's starting to come back just moderately and so we're still hopeful.
Martin Mucci: Not much in the second half of the year because when you think about it, if a client starts January 1, there's not a lot of revenue there for the rest of the year for us. So there's not a big impact this year. It's more of an impact next year, honestly. And that's what we're looking at. But what we go after is, okay, if new business, and as we've been doing, if new businesses isn’t starting up quite as fast, what are the other channels? How do we get more CPA referrals, how do we get current clients to give us more referrals? We've used the Web more, those other kinds of -- how do we win over more business from a competitor. And we certainly see that as training of the sales force to attack that a little bit more aggressively and for technology, things that will encourage clients to move from one competitor to the other. And I think we're doing that, and we've been doing that for a while to say, "Okay, if it starts up, that's going to be a great plus for us. If it kind of stay flattish, which is what it's been doing, the new business, then we'll attack the current clients that are out there."
Martin Mucci: Well, I think, hopefully, it's going to be better. I mean, you see -- there’s certainly better signs than if you went a year ago or even 2 quarters ago. The signs are better that things will improve. And we still have -- I mean, the good news is, we still look like we have pricing power, right discounting hasn't changed much, so that's there. You got the current client base, you got more products and technology that we're offering. So I don't know. I mean, new business starts always being flat. Again, they're not down, they're flat. So I think it's hopefully from what we could see, we should expect a pick up a little bit over time. It's just a slow recovery. It's not no-recovery, but it's a slow, moderate kind of recovery that's going to take a little time.
Martin Mucci: Well, Jason, I always want more sales no matter what the number is. But I think it's hard to tell in the first half of the year. Selling season, we always get more clients the last half historically. So I think it really -- we're right into that time now that will always give you a better sense at the end of the third quarter is to how kind of December, January, when January in particular. So it's a little hard to tell. I mean, obviously, when you don't have as much of the new business starts out there, it makes it a little bit more challenging. But as Efrain mentioned earlier, the client base is up moderately from the start of this year, down from the previous year, of course. But this fiscal year, we're up a little bit. And certainly, we'd like to see it stronger. But you know, the other thing that's encouraging to us is the other products are selling well into the base, and a thing that's an encouraging signal for us. 401(k) still growing, HR growing and insurance growing 20%. That means client are spending. To me, that's hopeful that things are coming back.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think, certainly, if you're not getting it from the new business, or as much from the new business as you wanted, you absolutely go after. The sales force is never going to fail. They're going to go after whenever they can. And so there's going to be more emphasis on the competitive takeaways. And I think our continued investment in technology and the service results really help with that. Particularly, I think on the local competitor aside, the more regional player, the technology helps a lot. On the national player, I think it's our service that we've been known for. It's always kind of sets us apart, in my opinion. So you definitely go after that a little bit more, and we watch closely that doesn't lead to more discounting and so forth. And at this point, we're not seeing that. It's just being a little bit more aggressive on current clients, and the sales force is certainly up for it.
Martin Mucci: Really have not seen very much of it yet. I'm sure it's probably still early, but different, Intuit has worked on full-service before. And I think we've always competed very well against them and don't really see it being an issue. Certainly haven't heard much about at this point. And I think, pricing-wise, it's probably in there from a competitive standpoint between SurePayroll and the full-service offering. So there's not a lot of differentiation. The differentiation would be that the 40 years that we've been in business and the service we provide to the small business, I think, will still be very competitive against something like that.
Martin Mucci: I think we're doing -- even this is something that we've done very well over the years, I think we've done even better in taking more of those -- getting more of those referrals. I think, to me, if the execution of dealing with the CPAs, we've always -- that's always been something we've been good at, but we tried to up that over the last year or so as new businesses were kind of flat. That we went after the relationship with the CPAs, finding more ways to add value for them, finding more information we can give them, how we can work better with them and encourage them to give us more of the referrals. And so I think that's a lot on execution and some of the marketing and so forth as we've gone after that CPA community for the referrals. So I think it's more execution there than it probably is anything else.
Martin Mucci: I think where we see is we're still in that range, or we're towards the lower end of that range, probably you can see that from having 2 quarters behind us. But we still feel like we're in that range. I think that we're still hopeful that some of the checks as we say, are still above, they're moderating, but they're still above. And we still think that we'll see it. It's early in the selling season, too. You have to see how that's all going. Even though it doesn't have a huge impact in the second half of the year, it does have some impact. And so we still feel we're within that guidance, but probably on the lower end of it.
Martin Mucci: Well, we put a lot of those things in place before Mark Bottini came in, the Senior VP of Sales. So we have a new comp plan this year for the reps. That is actually been received very well. That's been in place since the June 1. And we also put a lot of other things in place, like the new sales tablet, the new tablet PCs or laptops that they carry with them, and better lead generation tools on those in tracking of leads. So a lot of the things we have put in place around the first of the year and new training programs and so forth. And Mark coming in has really not looked to change of that at this point because I think, actually, the comp plan is pretty well received from the reps, particularly on the payroll side, where we made the changes. So not looking, have not made more changes to it since he came in and really not planning to at this point.
Martin Mucci: I think they compared very well. And in fact, I believe that from a standpoint of the iPad, it's a better app than a national provider or competitor provides. Because what we did was we came out a little bit later but made sure that the iPad is -- that the app is optimized for the iPad. So what that means is basically that our competitor has a smartphone app, which we haven't released yet, we went for the iPad first. And the smartphone app basically is the same app that's used on the iPad. So it's not really optimized for the iPad. It's optimized for the smartphones so you basically expand it to a larger size, but it's not -- you can't get as much out of it. Our iPad app, you can do anything on the iPad that you can do on the PC or a laptop, and that puts it above what our competitor is doing right now.
Martin Mucci: Well, the margins are always very important to Paychex. They've always been something -- obviously we're very proud of the high margins that we have and the fact that we've been able to still invest while driving productivity in other areas of the company. So we focus a lot on the margins. Whenever we have our growth, our top line growth, it is always got to be leveraged and we'll look to continue to do that. So I think you can continue to see good margins from us and we'll continue to leverage the top line.
Martin Mucci: Yes, a little bit, I think it was more the comparison year-over-year. On the HRS side, it was more asset values and things like that. So I think core was more -- we're talking about the 4% or the 3%. I think it was more comparison year-over-year and probably just a slightly stronger quarter comparison over the first quarter of the previous year.
Martin Mucci: Okay. At this point, I want to thank you for your interest in Paychex and for participating in the call. If you're interested in replaying the webcast of this conference call, it will be archived until January 20. And thank you again for your time, and we wish you all a very happy holiday season. Thank you.
Efrain Rivera: We look at that carefully and compare it to where we see our earnings increase and try to target a payout ratio that is in the 80% range.
Efrain Rivera: Rod, the other thing I'd say about both HRS and payroll is that we had a really strong first quarter in HRS. There were a number of factors there that were unique to that quarter that we knew were not going to repeat in the second quarter, particularly in the 401(k) business. So I think our HRS results were in line with what we expected. And it's not atypical for the first quarter to be stronger in payroll revenue than the second quarter, that just is gating in the way our business works certainly in recent years.
Efrain Rivera: Well, first of all, if you look at last year's last quarter compared to this one, we're 2.5% increase to 1.5%. And I think what we're saying is it's hard for us to call that precisely. But what we're seeing is some level of deceleration from the growth rates that we had in previous quarters. That's our best estimate at this point. We can't get any more granular than that.
Efrain Rivera: And this is the longest extended streak certainly in the last decade in terms of increases in checks per client. So at some point, we just think that runs its course.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. Well, look, we don't have any better data to suggest it's going to -- not going to moderate, I guess, I would say, one. And second, our history tells us that at some point, it will start to slow down, and our assumption is we're now 7 quarters into increases in quarter-over-quarter checks. And we're thinking as the comps get harder throughout the year, that rate's going to come down. Now we don't think it will go to 0, but we think it moderates.
Efrain Rivera: No, no, no. IT investment ramps as the year progresses. It's tracking now about where we'd expect it to be. What Marty was saying is we've had very good productivity on the operations side. That will continue.
Efrain Rivera: This is Efrain. On those 2 businesses, it's too early to tell because they're not at scale. So if we go back a year, we said when you added in the cost of those 2 businesses, we're going to end up with $0.01 dilution, that’s still going to be the case for the year. So a little early to call. On the SurePayroll side, you really have to be at scale to understand what their margins will be, and we're still early in that cycle in terms of calling precisely what the margin will be. They're both small enough at this point, and we don't anticipate certainly in the intermediate term, 24 to 36 months, to see them have a significant impact on overall business margins.
Efrain Rivera: Not really. I don't think so. I think it's still, because of the small business environment, it's still more the service piece of it that you're going to take care of everything for them, you're going to keep track of all of the changes and the tax filings and so forth. That's number one. But the technology is certainly coming along as a benefit that the client uses. We have a lot more clients. We have -- the majority of our clients use our online reports, for example. And so you have to have that as part of your portfolio that you're out there selling, that you have online reports, and you have online access, and you have an iPad offering that you can do anything from, that you can do on your PC, but you have to have the service. The technology won't sell it. It's the service and then the technology kind of rounds it out.
Efrain Rivera: Well, it's ultimately a Board decision. We have a continuing conversation on that. We had very, very modest dilution in the quarter, frankly, really at the noise level for us. But any decisions would occur at the end of the year when we've had a sense about what opportunities are out there from an acquisition standpoint and other potential uses of cash.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, 2 things. If you look at cash flow, you got 2 things going. One is an increase in AR, and second is a decrease in payable. Ashwin, that' sheer timing. Because our quarter ended on November 30, the day that quarter ends can impact when AR is collected or not. It just happened to fall in such a way that it impacted the collections.
Efrain Rivera: This is Efrain. We have a pretty active program of looking at opportunities if we see a regional player that we think would make sense at the right price, we certainly would look at it. So there's no impediment to looking at it. We're pretty disciplined, though, in terms of what we pay because we have a long history of understanding what's a good and accretive acquisition and what's a not so good acquisition. But yes, we look at it and certainly, we'd be open.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, and we target north of 35%. Certainty, this year has been strong. And I don't think that the mix of products and other investments is going to significantly change that.
Efrain Rivera: We do all of that. We do all of that. I think it's early in the cycle from some of the SaaS products to change the margin outlook at this point.
Efrain Rivera: As we looked at it, Mark, we didn't see anything significantly. There are occasions when the point at which a particular quarter ends the day can affect, have a small impact. But we didn't see any dramatic one-time events that stood out.
Efrain Rivera: On the HRS side, we had a pretty strong quarter in terms of quarter-over-quarter asset values and basis points. The model of that business is changing more towards an asset fee rather than a basis point of model. It can change in terms of the mix of plans that we acquire or convert. So we had a strong quarter and ended up having pretty good revenue growth in 401(k).
Efrain Rivera: Workers comp adjustments within the PEO can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. That's something that we plan for, and that creates a certain amount of what I'd call the overall lumpiness in the PEO business. So in the first quarter, we had adjustments to the workers comp reserve that a -- yes, right there were benefits but that's going to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter and I would just lump that in with the overall volatility of PEO results as we add and we delete employees in that business.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, that's the question, Mark. And right now, what we see is the flat environment. And that's what we can't call at this point. We won't know that because the data is reported on a lag. Our expectation certainly is that it will be somewhat better, slightly better. We're not expecting it to increase significantly, but that's what we don't have a crystal ball on.
Efrain Rivera: That's correct. Yes, and it's not all that difficult to see. You'll see it in our results. And if you looked at previous Q3s and also Q4s, we simply sell more and have more selling expense and have other associated operating expenses.
Gary E. Bisbee: Let me add on to that. I guess I just want to push back at this line that was in the press release and the 10-Q and each of you said in your comments that checks per client growth will moderate in the remainder of the year. When I look at the employment data, it's strengthened modestly on an overall basis. The year-to-year growth in total employment in the U.S. is faster now than it was a quarter ago. And if you believe the small business segment of the ADP employment report is a good proxy, that's actually grew in this past quarter 1.9% year-over-year and seems to be gaining momentum. So first of all, I guess, I don't understand why checks per client would decelerate. The comp gets slightly tougher next quarter, but I think that's sort of irrelevant if the overall health of the employment market has improved a bit. And then, secondly, any thoughts as to why your checks per client would be growing somewhat slower than that small business employment segment within ADP's data? Because adding onto what Rod was asking, it just feels like you've lost some momentum somewhere here in the business.
Gary E. Bisbee: But I mean, I guess, in a normal growing economy, you've got growth. And I know historically, 1%, 2% has not been an unreasonable number. So it's not like it's below that. I can't figure, though, why it would decelerate further. Is there just some level of conservatism in that? Or are you seeing something from your employees that's different from the overall job market, which seems to be gaining a moderate amount of momentum right now? If it's conservatism, then that's fine. I just -- I'm trying to understand if there's something...
Gary E. Bisbee: Okay. And then just one shorter follow-up. Can you quantify or give an order of magnitude about the margin benefit you've been achieving from the efficiencies from putting in the new payroll platform a couple years ago? And the context I'm asking around is that you've done such a good job over time, growing cost more slowly than you grow revenue. And I guess, given the technological change that's going on, I sometimes fear that maybe that's leading to lower levels of investment than you might otherwise be making this supreme focus on the margins. Maybe if you could help us understand how much efficiency gains you've gotten that may be masking a much higher level of investment. That would be helpful.
