Jason Kupferberg: Just a couple of questions here to start off. I don't know if I missed this, but did you guys give any of the specific metrics around client losses, retention, new sales, growth in the overall client base? Because I know we usually pick some of those up in the 10-Q.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. That's fair. And I know you recently hired a new head of sales, so congratulations on that. We'd love some color just in terms of the qualities you saw in this individual to make you believe he'll be a good fit, and should we expect any meaningful changes in sales strategy going forward? I know he hasn't officially started just yet, but just any color there would be helpful. And maybe as part of that, if you can give us any update on actual sales force turnover.
Jason Kupferberg: That's very helpful. And just last quick one for me. What are some of the specific investments that you're expecting to increase during the balance of fiscal '12? I know you said there's kind of some timing issues there and more of that will be over the last 3 quarters of the year.
Martin Mucci: No. Normally, we pick it up -- we give it at the year end, but we don't give specific line growth numbers, except for pretty much the end of the year.
Martin Mucci: I think normally what we say, Jason, is kind of how -- kind of how we're doing overall and what we've seen on client retention is improved -- continued improvement. It's about 7 quarters in a row now that we've seen some improvement. It's moderate, but it's still showing improvement over certainly the quarter -- first quarter last year.
Martin Mucci: Sure. The -- and I'll start with the sales force turnover. I did mention in my comments that we saw an improvement in the number there. We kind of peaked up last year, started to go a little bit higher in the -- around the first quarter, we've come down substantially. We're actually a little bit lower than the normal. I think we've given that before that the kind of the norm is low 30s, 30%, 32% and we were lower than that in the first quarter. So we felt good about that. Although that could fluctuate quarter-to-quarter but just from comparison to last year first quarter, it certainly has come down and we feel good that all of the steps which took place last year, new comp plan, new sales tablets and tools, new training, all those things we got done in the last fiscal year to start the new fiscal year, we felt have been received very favorably. On Mark Bottini, thrilled to have Mark join Paychex. He comes to us with a 24-year career at Ricoh and IKON, before Ricoh took them over 3 years ago. He was at the same place for 24 years. Started as a sales rep, moved his way up with increasing responsibility over his career and has been, in the last few years, leading all of you U.S. sales for Ricoh, over 3,500 sales reps. So he had the experience of a very large sales force. He had the experience of dealing with small and mid-sized businesses clients, renewing and getting their business, new all the time, which was important to me as well. I also felt that he fit in very well with the culture here based on his background, and he's a person who is very focused on results, very quantitative in the way he approaches things. I don't see major changes right off the bat. What I like, Mark's approach already is he came to the sales conference which we had last week which honored the top -- some of the top performing sales reps. He was able to fly in kind of on a Sunday and back out on a Monday to visit there with the top performing sales reps. Came off very well and gave a general introduction to everyone at the general session we had there. So he's very involved, gets well into the details and is learning very, very quickly about Paychex even before he starts. So to me it was great experience, a large sales force. Certainly a lot of experience with small and medium-sized business clients and gaining new business all the time from them and certainly a good cultural fit, a person of very high integrity and someone who really gets into the details and focuses on the results.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we've continued to invest in what we call Paychex next generation applications, and you'll see some of these things roll out over. We have basically releases over the year and we've continued to invest in this actually for the last number of years. About 2 years ago, we finished our conversion of our entire payroll base over to what we call core advance or an advanced application that we built over the preceding number of years. And now the next generation, Paychex next generation is taking that and building on top of that and we have releases throughout the year around that, that our customers we'll see. We don't release all that information until we're ready to announce that it's coming out, but the first thing would be you'll see an expansion of our reports and the iPad technology. So tablet technology to be able to receive all the reports and so forth in the next few months. So we'll continue these investments. They've been continued investments, but they do fluctuate quarter-to-quarter.
Martin Mucci: Yes, not necessarily. We haven't seen much change in the competitive environment. It's been pretty much the same. There's really 2 major players out there, then there's some of the regionals. We've actually, I think, kind of seen a little bit more of a pick up from the regionals and some of our pricing bundles and so forth over the last year. And as far as the other national competitor, it's pretty much the same. We haven't seen a lot of changes and in fact, I think we talked about -- we introduced the price increase in the May time frame and have seen really a very little reaction to that. So we feel the pricing power has been good and the discounting is -- it seems to be well under control.
Martin Mucci: Yes, sure. SurePayroll has, I think, done very well. From a sales standpoint, they have been pretty much right on track with some of the numbers that we had expected. I think they're performing very well from a service perspective as well. And we somewhat left them with their name and their product out there but keeping them very close to as far as any integration that we can do behind the scenes and so forth, and we've made some of those steps already to integrate some of the backroom functions and so forth. But they're doing fine. They're right on track with our expectations and I see that business just continuing to grow double digits as they have been.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think Efrain makes the first point, Rod, that it's certainly we're always looking to leverage the revenue growth. The focus is very much, for the whole team, on growth and leveraging that to drive additional margins just as we have in the past. We've always focused on also driving productivity in the operations side as we just talked about, to fuel a lot of the investments in IT. The IT spend is up and the operation spend is pretty flat because of the productivity, and we've always tried to drive that into IT investments. Those investments, I feel, will continue for quite a while. I mean you want to continue to stay on the leading edge on the product side as we also continue to look at acquisitions and how they can help add either on products or in more technology to the existing products. So you'll continue to see us adding continued investments there, but we're always looking to leverage the growth that we have in the revenue in the top line.
Martin Mucci: I think it gives us a chance to offer those clients who don't want the full ASO or PEO a way to kind of get in, get a handbook, an employee handbook, as well as telephonic support. You can actually either go back to them later and sell them the full, if they grow or if they have additional needs that we may see from the telephonic support, we have an opportunity to go back to them as well and say "Would you now like a full HR person that is available to you and is dedicated to your company?"
Martin Mucci: You don't really see much of -- we haven't seen much trading down. I think there was always the risk when you go in that they buy at a lower price HRE instead of the ASO or PEO. We haven't -- from what we can see, we haven't seen too much of that. Obviously, we're looking for expansion of those business opportunities. And I think what you do find is if there is some people taking the lower price HRE, it's probably because that's where they were going to end up anyway and they would take the full ASO but then after 6 months or so decide, "Geez, this is too much for me. I don't need all of this." The HRE is bidding very well for those clients right off the bat. So they're getting handbook and telephonic support. So we're not seeing cannibalization of prior sales and right now, we're not seeing -- we don't think too much of a loss of folks who really need the full-service ASO versus HRE.
Martin Mucci: Well, we certainly think it'll stack up very well. We feel we've been very competitive with them. I think that as they've introduced some things this fall, I think we'll be very close to -- it's certainly very competitive with what they have.
Martin Mucci: Well from a competitive standpoint I don't think I want to get too much out there, but I certainly feel that we're very price competitive and I think very feature-and-functionality competitive as well.
Martin Mucci: I think we have felt that it'll moderate as the comparisons get tougher. And as -- if new sales from new businesses pick up, typically they're smaller and that drives it a little bit flatter as well. But right now, I mean we're seeing that the current client base both from a retention standpoint, meaning fewer going out of business and the checks per client on a year-over-year basis continues to improve. So we think the current client base is still adding employees and we feel pretty good about that, obviously.
Martin Mucci: Yes. It seems like actually, hopefully we're past that kind of worst point. You never know, but we certainly haven't seen it.
Martin Mucci: I haven't really seen much of a change from the competitive environment there. I think both are still very competitive. We're still running into them about the same number of times. And we have not really seen much of a change. We felt good about the fact that the price increase could go in, in May and be held and the discounting is holding as well. So I guess we haven't seen a lot of change in the competitive environment.
Martin Mucci: Okay, no. I would say it's -- once -- what we did last year, last fall, we reset some of the bundles of products and so forth, some of the pricing with those, and then limited some of the -- and changed some of the parameters of discounting. But the price increase on top of that was fairly normal in the May time frame and I don't think that had a lot to do with it but it did stick, so we felt very good. As John said, for the last 3 years, this was probably the best one. I don't think it had too much to do with that because that pricing -- the new bundles had been set last fall. So we felt pretty good about from a competitive standpoint that the pricing stuck and the discounting has moderated.
Martin Mucci: No. I guess from our standpoint, there is still a big opportunity that we knew wasn't going to happen overnight. But as these 5 million businesses, the small business that do payroll on their own kind of manually with kind of pen and paper and calculator, we still feel that that's going to be happening over time, and that they'll be perfectly positioned for that. And in the short term, they've been performing very much on what we expected. So we feel very good about that market continuing to grow and be an expansion, not really a cannibalization but more of an expansion.
Martin Mucci: I think we're -- probably it's more on the product side, but we continue to look at all kinds of opportunities that are out there. I think it's a pretty active environment and it's just always obviously getting the right value for something that's there and if it fits. But it's always typically more on the product side. But when you look at ePlan, when we purchased ePlan for the 401, for the retirement services, that was more of a self-service, but focused on the financial advisor community for 401(k) set up. And so that kind of fit both. It gave us additional product breadth in 401(k) retirement services, but it also targeted an online service alternative for financial advisors. So I think it could be a little bit of both, I think. Both are of interest to us, that's for sure.
Martin Mucci: Sure. It's always an opportunity. And I think SurePayroll has started to do a pretty good job of adding ancillary products even to those clients on what they had. So offering 401(k) and so forth. And we will certainly add to that. If clients want to move from doing it themselves and more of self-service to the full-service, we certainly have that as well and they're ready and there's a good connection already between the 2 sales teams. So where SurePayroll does everything over the phone, if someone calls in and wants to upgrade, they certainly will pass that lead on to the Paychex sales force to close. And frankly, on the other side of it, it's our sales force who's out selling and see if there's a client that doesn't want full-service but is looking for a self-service alternative to get started, they will refer that over to SurePayroll. So we've kind of nailed that down on both sides. So certainly if there's opportunity there, we're going to capitalize on it.
Martin Mucci: Well, we don't always break all that out, but I think we've seen it continue to improve. I think this is the 7th quarter in a row that the overall numbers continue to improve and it's not just the out-of-business. I would say that, that certainly is a number that continues to improve. But across the board, it's gotten better.
Martin Mucci: Obviously, it's been a little stronger than we expected and we continue to think that it will moderate at some point, but we're certainly pleased that it's been better than we thought.
Martin Mucci: Yes. We've kind of planned out through this, what we call Paychex next generation application, releases throughout the years and we've got these basically planned out now for the next 2 to 3 years and we monitor them very closely from a development standpoint. So you've got to stay very much competitive and we feel very good about where we are on that. We had, 2 years ago, had to convert the whole base and the core base. And then now as we move forward, you'll see the application, the bases and the software kind of combined across both the MMS and core markets and you'll see improvements come out all throughout the years.
Martin Mucci: Well I think from stacking up against the national players is obviously very important to us and I think we'll be very competitive there and already feeling very competitive, but we're going to stay on top of that with the changes. From a regional player standpoint, obviously it puts you in an even better position because they don't have the resources to continue to modernize as much as we do and increase on the web. The -- really the growth is adding additional functionality. It's adding -- it' making it easier for everyone to access it online. We added W-2s and pay stubs online last year. We've continued to add other things. We don't make a big deal out of it, but we certainly roll them out to current clients as well as new sales. So I think it's going to impact both new sales and it's going to certainly support new sales and current clients because both will have the advantage of using the new application.
Martin Mucci: As far as sales force expansion, it's fairly light. We're watching the market to be sure. Whenever we explain the expenses, it's more about -- I wouldn't say it's going to open the floodgates, it's just we always start out very carefully until we make sure that the base is growing and that the revenue is growing and then we add expenses very carefully. I think as John has said over the years, we're very good about not allowing expense to get in and we continue to do that. So I think that you won't see a major shift in that. We've continued to invest. I think the savings in the first quarter that Efrain talked about from an investment standpoint was some of the projects ran a little bit behind as far as what was hiring and so forth and getting folks in. It hasn't really impacted the delivery of the product. But that'll kind of wash out over the years. So the investments have continued really for the last few years. We get the productivity in operations and we fuel it, we fuel the IT growth with that.
Martin Mucci: I don't know if we've said, but we'll continue to look at doing that as we see a need to. I would say that it's up a little bit less than that right now, and depending on which sales force, actually it probably does average around a couple of percent and we'll continue to look at that. Our standard over the years has been to increase 2% or 3%, and -- but you got to certainly follow where the market is and what the opportunities are.
Martin Mucci: Thank you. At this point, we will close the meeting. If you're interested in replaying the webcast for this conference, it will be archived until October 28. I do thank everyone for joining us. We're very proud of our first quarter, and we look forward to the rest of the year's results. Take care.
Efrain Rivera: And Jason, there were selected quarters last year where we discussed particularly losses in retention, simply because of the environment. We thought it was important to give that disclosure so that people understood what was happening in the environment. We'll return to more normal practice as the environment seems to have stabilized and report typically at the end of the year.
Efrain Rivera: We typically -- we know what the information is, obviously, but here's the challenge. If you look back at previous years and you try to project off of what we were seeing on a quarterly basis without taking into account the fact that our big sales quarter is in the third quarter, you end up making erroneous assumptions. So we try not to go with quarterly updates because frankly, until we've gotten through the selling season, the numbers won't be meaningful.
Efrain Rivera: Well, let me -- Joe, part of the challenge that we have is that the authoritative data is only available on a 9-month lag. And so what we know is that at the end of 2009, the market had dipped to about 700,000 new business formations. This is the Bureau of Labor Statistics data. And then in August they released the 2010 data, which showed a bump up of 3% to 4%. So what we're seeing or what we can infer from that data simply is that there's very, very modest growth. That compares by the way, as many of you know, to traditionally 750,000 to 850,000 new business starts. So we're still below what would be normal business starts in the environment and just sort of gradually inching our way up. We will see with the release of the first quarter data where we're at.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. Well first, Julio, was as we've mentioned checks per client, that was an important factor in the year. While we counted on the price increase, it stuck, and we always expect a little bit of giveback. But that was a positive. The other part is that with respect to the IT spending and project spending, it ramps during the year. It ramped a bit slower in the first quarter. We still remain committed to spending on the projects so we got some favorability on -- in that end. And the other thing I would say is that Marty and I and John really made an emphasis at the beginning of the year, given the uncertainty in the economic environment to make sure, to ensure that spending remained at moderate levels and that we didn't open the floodgates until we had a better sense of how the year was going to perform. And I think that the culture here, the culture of the company is a very disciplined culture when it comes to costs, and I think that people took that advice and were careful. And we were able to get leverage in a number of areas, particularly on the operations side that helped drive favorable margins.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, Julio. I would say this; that we won't get into a quarterly sales comparison frankly again because until you've gotten into the sales season, whatever we say about a specific quarter frankly won't mean much until we have those results. We'll update as we go through the year.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I think the comment was really around the ramp of spending that we didn't delay or defer costs in that sense. What we assumed we would spend on that side we're going to spend for the year.
Efrain Rivera: Well, we don't separately disclose that. I think that you can get a good sense that we've been able to offset a lot of increased IT spending from savings on the upside, which is part of why we've been able to maintain the margins that we've been delivering.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. Most of my friends who know me know I'm a pretty independent thinker. So I came in and I looked at what Paychex did. And certainly coming out of the life sciences area, there are many, many differences in the business. So I will say this, one of the things that distinguishes Paychex from other companies that I've been associated with is we literally have opportunities to grow in every single segment of the business, which frankly is what drove a lot of the strong performance in first quarter. I think with respect to our approach on excess capital, I really think that we've done a really good job treating shareholders correctly, and we always need to be looking at a combination of return of capital based on higher dividends and/or applicable. While we are not the sole deciders, we would recommend to the Board. I think that as cash builds up in the past, we have used to that to purchase shares. That's something that certainly warrants a lot of attention. I think the fundamental business model, the point I want to make here is this, this isn't simply a statement about drinking the Kool-Aid. It's that Paychex has a very, very powerful business model. I think we have opportunities for growth literally as you run up and down each of the business segments that we participate in and I think that if we can get the right kind of execution, we'll continue to drive the positive results into the future.
Efrain Rivera: Okay, you got a compound question so I'll start with that, and turn it over to Marty. With respect to the margin expansion question on going forward, a little early to look at what's happening next year. Frankly, a lot of that will depend on what's happening in the business environment, what is happening with sales. I will say this; we have a discipline of leveraging expenses against sales growth so to drive margin expansion. Now how will that look? Frankly, it's a little bit early in the game to quantify that, but we'll be looking to do that in the year. I would remind you, Rod, of one other thing; that while it isn't apparent completely from the guidance that we issued both in June and reaffirmed now, remember that we have cost of acquisition that are masking leveraging that existed in the underlying business. So yes, we expect that we will be able to continue to leverage going forward. With respect to continuing investment on the IT front, I'll turn that over to Marty to talk about how we're looking at that going out into the future.
Efrain Rivera: It continues to outpace the core payroll business. We won't give an order of magnitude for competitive reasons.
Efrain Rivera: The way I look at it, HRS is a three-legged stool with services solutions and insurance. And then within the solutions business we have a smaller three-legged stool, which is HRE, ASO and PEO. Our salespeople can meet the customer at a number of different price points. One of the things that I thought was a good innovation last year was that we found that there were customers who didn't want the full outsourcing solution either in the PEO form or in the co-employer status or on -- even at the ASO level. And what they wanted was documentation and telephonic access to an HR representative. That is really frankly taking off and it's selling very, very well. And so it basically forms, I would say, one of the 3 legs to that stool and the more value priced option for HR outsourcing.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. A couple of comments on that. First just as a backdrop, at the end of the year, we were more heavily invested in variable rate demand notes. That was about an 8 bps return on those adds. There was a lot of uncertainty around what was going to happen with current risks and the whole debt issue. We moved into FDIC-insured deposits, which is where we have reasonably good returns. That's more on a net basis up in the 10-bp range. That had a little bit of an impact on the tax rate, by the way, because those are taxable. Our mix of taxable versus nontaxable is changed. Really frankly too early to tell. We're not seeing a dramatic change in any of those factors. And it's a little bit hard to peg, yet, what's going to happen on the real short end of the interest rate curve. We don't expect a significant change, I would say that now. I mean to give you an example we were, at a point, heavily invested in agency discount notes which are yielding 1/10 of 1 basis point. So down on that end where we need to preserve liquidity and safety, I would say the only impact we could have is if we see some lack of availability on investments that have been available to us. And it's a little bit early to call. We were launching with interest the development that the Bank of New York Mellon started. Fortunately, that has not spread to other banks around charging per deposit. So we expect, based on what we see, the environment to stay about where it is now.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. We don't get that specific around the impact of discounting. I'll just say that we saw more of our units sell closer to the price that we had planned and in some cases, actually slightly above that because we have tightened up the parameters around discounting, we talked about that in prior calls. So there's less ability to discount and I think that field sales now understands that pricing parameters are tight.
Efrain Rivera: I wouldn't do that because it's a competitive issue. We monitor that very closely. We know what our competition is doing and we don't want to give them any more information than they need to have right now.
Efrain Rivera: Having looked at checks per client for 15 years, my feeling would be that this statistic will stay above where it is unless small business decides to dump employees, which usually happens in a short period of time and we have no indication of that happening at the moment. So I think they're still going to be hiring and as long as new business starts aren't strong, that number could stay positive for longer than we would anticipate, unless the shoe really drops on the economy and small business says, "Hey, we don't have confidence. We're going to start shedding employees" and they're going to want to reaffirm. We have not seen any of that at this point.
Efrain Rivera: No. Pricing is in 2 pieces. In the client base, pricing is better. Price increase went in -- well the last 2 or 3 years have still done quite well, but this one probably went better than the rest and the new pricing and new sales remains competitive, but the discounting isn't quite as crazy as it was.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. John, I'd say that we saw strength frankly in all 3 of the businesses. We typically don't come out of the gate charging that way. But we talked about HRE that helped the results, 401(k), Marty just mentioned and insurance was another part of the business that did very strong. Do we expect it to be that strong for the rest of the year? No, more in line with the guidance that we had but frankly, that's pretty strong guidance. So we expect that we'll have a good year on the HRS side.
Efrain Rivera: No, it's not shrinking. In the first quarter, as I mentioned before, you've got 3 options in terms of the sale that you can make on the solutions side. PEO, ASO, HRE. HRE and ASO were strong in the quarter. PEO was relatively weaker. I would say you can't infer anything from that simply because we're going into renewal season. We now know what our rates are for things like health and benefits and we'll get a better read on that as we get into next quarter.
Efrain Rivera: Matt, I think someone else asked that question earlier. We don't do that every quarter. We'll do that on occasion if we think there's some significant shift in the market that the analyst community should be aware of. Marty mentioned earlier retention looks good, losses from business failures continue to moderate. We're back to a more normalized environment. So we won't be releasing that on a quarterly basis.
Efrain Rivera: I would say this. That we're expecting by the end of the year as we lap some tough comparisons that will be down to a more flat environment. Slightly up, but not very much.
Efrain Rivera: On the regionals, what we've noticed over the last 6 to 8 months is we're doing better against them. I think one of the reasons is one thing that hurts them, as this product becomes more spread geographically because of the Internet, you don't -- it's harder to focus on a region to do your client. Small locals and regionals generally don't do payroll across the whole U.S. They can't do it across the whole U.S. because the local, they have tax regulations. So I think there are some things going on tied to technology that are going to help us against the lower end, people that aren't disqualified as some of the others.
Efrain Rivera: Let me answer that in 2 ways. The first one, a very direct one, is that we assume that if the environment continues currently without a change, that we are aiming at getting positive client growth. So we expect that we can grow. Now, obviously the magnitude of that growth is going to depend on what the growth in new business starts ends up being. But I'd say one other thing that's important; that I think this quarter demonstrates that we've got a model that can produce revenue growth and income growth, even when conditions aren't necessarily favorable economically. And we will simply adjust based on the conditions that we see. We're not pegging our results in the future solely on what's happening with new businesses.
John M. Morphy: Well, yes, I don't know if we -- I think I specifically asked. I mean, I think if you look at it from a clients-per-payroll specialist, that's how we look at it. If you went before the upgrade to the new platform we were probably, a few years ago, back in the high 180s and are now closer to 220,000 to 225,000. And so pretty significant increase in the productivity of the number of clients we're able to handle. In addition to that, you have more online functionality that the clients have. So they can get the reports much easier. They're much better reports, I think, and easier to use. And they can also input their payroll online in easier fashion with the new platform we've been on for a couple of years now. So but fundamentally, if you look at it from an operational savings perspective, it's that increase in the number of clients that each specialist can handle. And there's others things like training of new specialists that's much easier and so forth. But that would be the big one.
John M. Morphy: I think I should probably throw a comment, in fairness to Efrain, he was not here when the budget was done. When we did the budget, we did it without the acquisitions basically originally. We had our normal 2 points of leveraging above revenue growth and then when you lay the acquisitions in, the amortization of intangibles eliminated that. So we are basically flat on that in this year, but we've got some good growth in revenue and I would expect that when you get to '12, unless there's something else like that which we don't know of at the moment, you'll be back to leveraging. So really the year leverages, it's just the 2 new acquisitions that cause the intangibles.
John M. Morphy: I would say we're continuing to be pretty steady there. The MMS business, we've added a lot over the last few years time and attendance online and HR administration online, partnered either through those acquisitions or builds or also partnering with expense reimbursement partners and so forth. And then of course BeneTrac, when we purchased BeneTrac to offer full enrollment -- benefit enrollment type engine to client. So our focus has been, over the last couple of years, to then take all of that and integrate it and we're continuing to do that. And I think actually just coming out of the sales conference with our top sales performers and talking to the MMS top 10 performers, very competitive. They feel like they have all the product they need and we're continuing to perform well against competition. I wouldn't necessarily say that we're moving up market. I think we've always had a pretty broad range there. And but certainly with the additional tools we've added, we've done very well competitively, I think. So...
John M. Morphy: I don't know that. They don't hire and fire people the same way. In the larger companies, they react immediately. It doesn't matter. It's good, bad or indifferent, it's the way it is. They just dump people. They don't -- I'm not saying they don't care about their people, but they do what they've got to do. The small business person knows these people. He doesn't lay them off unless he has to. And once he goes to the issues of laying them off, he doesn't hire them back anytime quick. So I think they just perform slightly different because they're not on a quarterly reporting obviously. And that they're owned by owners who can have longer-term outlooks. They're just not the same types of businesses.
John M. Morphy: I don't think -- I think as you look at it we had the new acquisition ePlan come in, so that did give us a pop there. That'll be there until the comparison shows up and moderates that. But we've had good growth in -- we felt in HR solutions, the HR outsourcing, had continued good growth in H&B, the health and benefits, health insurance basically and our workers comp and in our 401(k) as well. Obviously 401(k) was up about 12% with the acquisition and about 4% without. But we're still seeing additional retirement service clients and we're still really #1 in that industry. So we feel very good about starting the most new plans of any other company.
John M. Morphy: Modified our -- pricing changes we made a year ago, we modified some relationship to how ADP reacted. And right now, I think we're not as strong as we would have liked to have been, but we're better than we were.
John M. Morphy: Well certainly over the regional players, the smaller -- we certainly have an advantage from this, the wherewithal of information technology department and the development folks and resources that we have, I think, so we're going to continue to develop those and I think that as more and more folks, client and client employees look to online and look for integration of multiple services from your retirement services to your payroll services to your HR administration, we certainly have advantage over smaller competitors, because of just a big investment that you had to continue to make and stay on top of. And I think it is just very competitive with the national player, the other national players.
