John Gibson: Yeah. Kevin, I'll start off on retention and we can talk a little bit about the revenue expectations. Bob will add some color on that, then I'll jump in. Look, we continue to be very pleased with where we are on revenue retention. I think as we continually talked about, we've really been highly focused on having an impact in those critical areas where it counts and that's our high-value segments and that's what we've seen. Our HR outsourcing business, both ASO and PEO, record levels of retention. And we're very pleased with that. Client retention across the business was actually better in the first half of this fiscal year than it was last fiscal year. And that's really attributable to the team's great job of really managing the controllables. We're continuing to see on the lower end of the market, bankruptcies out of businesses and non-controllable losses being higher year-over-year. That's not surprising to me when you see the level of business starts that we've seen during the COVID period really at elevated levels. And we just know, out of those small companies that started out two years ago, most of those have trouble financially. And so, overall revenue retention continues to be at pre-pandemic levels, which I would remind you was at near historic highs for the company.
John Gibson: Yeah. So, thanks for the question, Andrew. I'll say this, the PEO, you can tell by the growth numbers, continued to improve as the year has gone on. And I would tell you that our pipeline is very strong in comparison to last year. So, whatever the competitors are doing, our value proposition is resonating. I can assure you that we're not using cheap health as that part of the value proposition. So, we go at it more as a comprehensive HR outsourcing value proposition. And if clients are looking for cheap health, they're probably -- we're probably not engaging in that conversation very long. We have the capability, as you know, to also leverage our insurance agency within our PEO as well. But very pleased with where we are on -- with the PEO right now, very strong performance. The pipeline is solid. We are in the final stages. As you can imagine. That in the mid-market, as you know, typically the selling season is much earlier, it's pretty much in the final innings. And both pipelines, I would say, for the PEO are very, very strong, both in terms of insurance attachment and in terms of sales.
John Gibson: Yeah. I think relative to your question on the PEO and ERTC and the IRS stance on it, I would say, the IRS has been trying to look for bad actors in both parts of that equation and tighten rules. As you can imagine, we've been very diligent with our compliance teams in setting up our process. In fact, we were a little slower going out on ERTC products in the PEO because we wanted to work through all of those compliances and the way we approach the contracting with our clients for those services. So, I would tell you, Andrew, we feel very good about our position of where we are in terms of managing that risk.
John Gibson: Yeah. I think we highlighted and mentioned, in first half, 401(k), a very solid continued performance. So, we're very pleased with that offering. I think as you know, we probably go out to the market with the most comprehensive retirement offerings for small businesses, anywhere from simple IRAs to our SEP plan that we are one of the largest providers, if not the largest provider of PEP plans. So, very pleased with that. It is part of our selling season campaigns. I think as I said, one of the things we've learned a lot about the retirement business from some of the state mandates, I continue to try to pound this in is this is one of the things you still have a lot of education to do for the small business owner. Even though there are a lot of benefits to it, there are costs involved, there's compliance issues. So, this is not something that people just sign up for. So, there's a lot of education and pre-marketing that has to be done, but we're certainly leveraging the SECURE Act as a means to entice clients into a conversation, and are finding it successful once we do in getting them to understand the benefits of our offerings.
John Gibson: Yeah, Bryan, it's a good -- that's a very good question, very insightful question, because we're trying to get under that as well. Here's what I will tell you. It is a very challenging environment for small and mid-sized businesses. I think they are still challenged and we're seeing it in our HR advising, they're still challenged with a very challenging labor market in terms of finding qualified workers, I'll always leave it at that. So, I think that's certainly part of the issue. I think there -- certainly with the high cost to capital, also with lower access to capital, I think they're being very cautious about investing for growth. So, they're trying to figure out how do I do more for less. So, there may be a little bit of a hesitancy. At the time -- at the same time, what we hear are people want to hire qualified people. And I think they had some experience with that. There was a small group that I was talking to where what they found was they were paying higher rates for less qualified people. And then, our HR matters that we were dealing with disciplinary issues, no shows, all of these types of issues, I think a lot of business owners are saying, "If I can't hire a qualified person, I may be better off to try to figure out how I can use to people I have to get there." So, I just -- I read that as the macro environment, because we're not seeing anything in our data that would say mass downsizings or reductions. That's not what we're seeing. I think in the higher-end enterprise side, you are seeing rightsizing going on in the business. When you get into the mid-market, really what we're seeing is a little more choppiness in hiring across various industries, and particularly it's mostly up-market and what I would say what we've typically seen seasonal hiring, that's where we did not see that at the rates that we historically have seen. Now what's interesting about that I'll point out is when you see -- when I see the impressive results of our PEO team, remember a lot of PEO clients are in Florida, which, as you can imagine, is a pretty seasonal state this time of year. So, the growth numbers you're seeing there were with a headwind of not having as much seasonal hiring. We saw a similar thing in our ASO business, which is in Managed Solutions, and to a lesser extent in our HCM mid-market business. So, I would say more choppiness there. In the small market, it's more of the same moderation that you see in our index, really not what I'd say downsizing or clients taking actions from an employment perspective. But more of either they can't find people to fill the spots they want or they are being hesitant on adding additional headcount at this time. So, I don't know if that gives you some additional color.
John Gibson: Well, let me take the last one first. Yes, I would tell you that we talked about the PEO in the fourth quarter of the last fiscal year. We told you about many of the changes we were making across that business. We began to see acceleration there. It accelerated further in the first quarter, and it continued in the second quarter. And it continued both outside the base as well as inside the base. So, as Bob pointed out, this ASO to PEO conversion. So, we've seen a very healthy pipeline. And I would say not only in the PEO, also in our mid-market. So, when you look at the two businesses, that are -- in summary, if you -- if we're sitting here today in the selling season in our mid-market HCM and PEO, they're well underway. They're really in the final stages. Our pipeline was very strong. And then, the enrollment of the insurance, it was very strong as well. I would tell you that we're getting back in line to where we've been historically. If you remember, we had a little degradation. And actually, what we saw inside the existing customer base was an increase, I would say, maybe single-digit increase in penetration. If you remember, last year, we had some employees in it sign up for plans. We did some things on changing our plan lineup. We did some things in the way we're doing education and open enrollment there. And the team has done a great job of improving our attach rate within the existing client base as well during this enrollment.
John Gibson: Yeah. Jason, I just think the other thing I would add on commentary, relative to the SMB market, we're not even in really the key selling season. So, we're just in the selling season. That's just beginning to kick off, and we have a lot of execution during January, as you know, to go out in the marketplace. So that's just starting. So, the areas where we are nearly complete with the selling season, the mid-market, the PEO, the high end of ASO, those pipelines are full, much better than last year. And really in that small market, we're just beginning to enter the selling season with a lot of execution to go in the next 60 days.
John Gibson: Yeah. The other thing, Jason, I just think, again, on color of this -- Bob said that this geography shifting that we have going over last year counter rotated the ASO from the PEO offering when we're offering both, there's more movement that way. So, we're talking geography. Now, we're talking the geography move from Management Solutions to PEO and Insurance, because it's tilted kind of the other way. The other thing that I would remind everybody, which is a little different on the ASO to PEO conversions, there's not a selling season for that. We do those migrations all year long. And so, we continue to see good traction there, and we don't intend to slow that down. There's no reason to. It's higher revenue, it's a higher lifetime value in our overall model. So again, just relative to forecasting between the two areas as well doing -- Bob's got a model, he'll go through it with you. But the caveat I always have that I'll say that geography thing is if we can continue to move more of our clients from HCM and ASO to PEO in the back half of the year, we'll do that.
John Gibson: Yeah, thank you very much. No, look, I think relative to across the platforms in the mid-market, very pleased with the growth we have there. We've talked about the PEO already, very happy with where we are there. As I look across the small business, it's a competitive market. I wouldn't say there's any major changes. And I would say I've talked about on the last call, our balance of trade metrics continue to look solid. I always say we're entering the selling season, and the next 60 days is about -- is all about that, and it's a competitive market. So we'll see. But as we sit here today, the known knowns, very happy with our progress, upmarket in the mid-market HCM, very pleased with where we are on PEO, upper end of the ASO market. And then, as I said, as we sit here today, I'm pleased with our balance of trade in the other areas. There was another question I missed something...
John Gibson: Yeah, thanks. I can't believe I passed up an opportunity to talk about AI. Look, AI is -- I will tell you, we've been doing a lot around this for decades. And now it's kind of out there in the public domain, but it's really quite amazing. So, let's talk about on the sales side, we talk about on the PEO side. We're using it in our underwriting. We're using it in our targeting, and we're using it in the mining of our base. The productivity lift that we get in terms of being able to understand where we can add value, you're almost getting to the point where you almost like have a pre-proposal because you almost know the client is going to be -- is going to like what they see. So, we're doing a lot of things there using AI models and our data models there. Doing a lot of this -- we talked a bit about pricing. And one of the things we now have is we have all of our major sales teams on one common platform in terms of proposal, proposal management and pricing management. And we're actually building AI models, started to use that in the mid-market that actually then gives our sales reps in real time based upon numerous factors, what price and what level of discounting we would allow for a particular client based upon the value of the client, based on the competitive set, et cetera. And that's actually allowing us to maximize both volume and rate. And we're going to continue to refine those models and expand those across the teams. But what we're getting from a sales productivity perspective, what we're getting in terms of a marketing targeting perspective, what we're getting in terms of the ability to set the right price and rate to get the biggest competitive advantage, all of those things are pretty impressive. Then on top of that, we're actually using it for analytics. We're actually taking and using voice analytics on the conversations we're having with prospects, and in real time, able to give coaching to our sales teams relative to what phrases are working, what messages are working, and we can dynamically change those things on the fly with our marketing message and sales scripts accordingly. So, just a ton of very interesting things that we're doing. It was interesting as a lot of these changes to our go-to-market, we actually started piloting in the PEO back in the second half of the last quarter when we were having some challenges. We thought that was the best place to start and to see if we could get some lift. And some of what we've seen in the PEO, I think is a direct result of some of these tactics.
John Gibson: Kartik, look, I don't -- look, it's a competitive market, and it has been as long as I've been in the industry, 27 years. So look, I think there's all kinds of tricks. There's all kinds of marketing [indiscernible] using them. The fact of the matter is I think there's a lot of offers out there when you get under the details of how long you have to be there, what are the strings attached. Really what it is, it's basic. It's the same kind of environment in terms of discounting. It is very aggressive. But I would say this. I mean, look, we continue to see that we have price value and pricing pressure -- pricing power, both within our base and in the market. And that was very high in the last two years. I think we have been very able with the PPP and the ERTC to be able to really command very strong pricing power. That being said, we've done it for decades. I mean, we're not the lowest cost provider out there, and haven't been for decades. And I think what you see is when you look at our retention levels with our existing clients at record highs, I think that says something about the value proposition. At the end of the day, I think small, medium-sized business owners buy on value, not necessarily on price. So, we're going to be competitive. We're going to meet people where they are head to head, but we're not going to be stupid. And you can see that we're being competitive, we're winning where we've been in combat in the market. We've got a good pipeline and a good track record of success. And as you can tell from our margins, we're not giving away the store.
John Gibson: No. We're fully staffed, and our intent is to continue to grow sales. Look, the business starts are up. We feel like the opportunity in the marketplace is strong. Now, I will tell you, the thing we are trying to balance is the productivity gains that we can get out of some of the go-to-market strategies. As I said, we did some testing learns in the PEO that showed some really good lift. And so, quite frankly, I think we're going to apply those in the mid-market and upper end of the SMB market. And I think those could also be a lift as well, but we have no plans of pulling back on investing in growth.
John Gibson: We've really not seen that, Bryan. I think what we see is, it's probably in the case of -- I'll just use an example, let's use an example. You may have a very good business owner has opened a couple of franchises, doing very, very well financially, and probably could justify adding another franchise store somewhere. But the cost of capital, access to capital is constrained, and they're holding back on doing that because the hurdle rate just can't be met. So that's more what I see than people pulling back and saying that I don't need that. Again, most of the time when you look at our products and services that we're offering, they're either driving efficiency or they're helping them retain and attract quality employees, either by enhancing their benefits or by having an HCM solution. So, I kind of view that most of our clients that are looking at our services understand the value of the products and services, and believe that they're actually going to help their business be more successful. And so, I don't think they always view it as an expense line item, if you know what I mean.
John Gibson: No, I mean, it's something we've always historically done. What I would say is that it turned out better than we expected. Now, let's keep in mind, last year when we're out in the market with the PEO and ASO offering, we saw a tilt towards -- we had great HR outsourcing sales last year, we have great HR outsourcing sales this year. They're just in different locations on the reporting structure. And so, last year, we knew we had a lot of clients that we would have typically seen be great candidates for PEO and they, for whatever reason, went to the ASO offering. And we said in the calls, we felt like that would be a good opportunity to go back to them once they've experienced our human capital management system, the benefits of our HR advisory solutions and our HRGs to go back and kind of reintroduce them to the comprehensive outsourcing of the PEO model. That's exactly what we did. And so, we had a bigger group of clients inside the base because of the success of ASO last year to go in mind. And then, the other point that I said, what we're doing in terms of analytics to be able to identify clients that we have a high degree of certainty that they're going to benefit from the co-employment relationship that a PEO provides, and that's enabling us to what I would say a little bit better cherry-pick inside our vast customer base, who we should go after.
John Gibson: Well, James. I actually would say in the small business, it's not been hoarding at all. It's been a deficit. Now, to be fair, in our index, which we follow very closely, and I've reported a lot on this, small businesses probably nine months ago kind of got back to a level playing field. I think where you saw hoarding was more in the upper end and enterprise side of the space. I think you saw that. Now -- so that's where I think you saw hoarding and hiring of people maybe they didn't even need. And these stats where you've seen in some of these bigger downsizing. I think to the point you may be making is I do think that small and mid-sized business owners were reluctant to change employees out because they were trying a lot of focus on retention. That's why we relaunched the Retention Insights AI offering over a year ago because small business owners want to keep their good employees. I do think now that small business owners are trying to make sure that they have high quality workforces. And that's what we see them talking to our HR generalists about is really more about how do I lead and feed my employee base? I maybe don't have the employee base that I wanted because I was kind of forced to hire some people two years ago when it was hard to find people. Now there's more opportunity to upskill my workforce. That's kind of what we're seeing in the slow and I wouldn't say any hoarding.
John Gibson: Yeah, I would -- let me get right here, because -- what I would tell you is bankruptcies are definitely up and have surpassed the fiscal year '20 levels, which is just...
John Gibson: Yeah, Mark, I would say what we're seeing is what we've typically seen, again, SurePayroll more in the micro set. So, if I look at the micro set, continuing to see similar type of -- there's a lot of new business starts. So, there's a lot of opportunity there for growth. And then, in the small business, we're just so early in the key selling season. Really as you know, the next 60 days are really going to tell us how that's going to shake out. Back to I think what your original question was as well on Management Solutions is, remember, you have the geography issue occurring at the same time. So, while we're selling a lot more inside our human capital management base and into our ASO base, some of what we're upselling is PEO. And so, they're moving over to the other geography on the P&L, which is a good thing from a long-term perspective. And then, as we said, this issue relative to the seasonal hiring, which happened in the upper end of the market, that impacted both the PEO on the PEO and Insurance side and the ASO market on the Management Solution side.
John Gibson: Yeah, look, you're pointing to an item which I think is a tailwind that I think will continue to evolve, and that is healthcare inflation. And really, I think you'll see that evolve in the future post-pandemic. Pushing costs through the health system is a slow process. It starts with more expenses at the hospital. They have to negotiate with carriers. They have contracts that takes years to do. In our local community, there's unionization and strikes going on at the local hospital for more pay. Then that has to get approved by state legislature. So, the cost increase that we saw inflationary in healthcare last two years is going to start making its way to health plan costs in the future. We're certainly aware of that, and we're doing things to prepare for that. And when we talked about that last year, we did a lot of changes in our healthcare lineups to give more choices to people, making sure that we have the right plans. And I would say that our apples-to-apples was actually highly competitive to what the general inflation was, and we're keeping our MLRs in-line to where they've historically been at the same time. And so, through some plan designs and some other ways in which our teams have been creative in coming up with some creative health solutions, I think we've got a good portfolio of products and services that our clients are finding very competitive to alternatives that they have. I don't know if that helps.
John Gibson: Well, I would say given the results and the pipeline that I see, that's made us more successful. That's the results I look at. We're not in a -- we're in a very competitive environment. So, most of the deals that we're involved in, someone else is involved in. And I think our lineup is very comparable. I think what you would -- what I would say is that we manage our plans in such a way that we tend to beat the standard health inflation and we've broadened our portfolio of offerings such that I think there is something for every client. They can find something that they want in our plans. And I think that breadth of services and breadth of options is one of the things that differentiates us from others.
John Gibson: Scott, we do not have any high concentrations in our PEO. It's the general market. Remember, historically, our PEO was really an upsell within our client base, our payroll client base. Our payroll client base is diverse as the country's small business market. We didn't originate in a vertical strategy as a business from PEO perspective, so we never got highly concentrated in any particular area. We maybe had some geographic concentration before the acquisition of the Oasis, but the Oasis acquisition really made us a broad national player. And so, there's no one industry concentration that really drives that business.
John Gibson: Yeah. Tien-Tsin, I think it's a very easy thing. You think about the way we approach it, you got our HCM platform, and you know that on a standalone basis, is a good business to be in. We then add our, what you'd say is ASO, so you add HR professional. Now you got someone advising your business, there's more value there. We know our retentive natures of that is high. Now you get into adding the insurance. And as Bob said, because we've done such a strong job of managing that over the long term, that there's a predictable health inflation metric, that becomes very attractive in terms of certainty for the clients there. And then you mentioned SUI, you mentioned everything else. So, you've got a profitable business on top of a sticky product and so you just keep it there. And I think the evidence is, both in terms of you look at the national studies, et cetera, is the survivability. Now it, to be fair, tends to be more attractive to larger clients, 20 plus if you will, so they naturally have a higher survivability rate, but the simple fact is what we see is there's a higher business survivability rate in those that are going with the PEO solution and then they're staying with us longer and we're getting all of the flow through and benefit of the HCM and the HR outsourcing margins.
John Gibson: Thank you. You too. Okay, I think that was it. At this point, we'll close the call. If you're interested in a replay of the Webex of this conference call, it will be archived approximately 90 days on our website. We would certainly want to wish all of you and your families a very safe and happy holiday season. I want to continue to thank you for your interest in Paychex and hope everyone has a great day. Take care.
Bob Schrader: Yeah, Kevin, I'll just add on the guide. As you guys remember, at the end of Q1, I think where we ended the quarter, we had said we expected to be towards the high end of the range. I think there were a couple of reasons at that time why we felt confident in saying that. I would say, one, the positive trends that we were seeing in the PEO business. I think we wanted to wait another quarter before we raised the PEO guidance. But we definitely saw some positive trends really going back to the end of last year. That continued into Q1. I'd say that gave us a little bit of confidence. And as you guys know, we did do a small acquisition at the end of Q1, not a big contributor to growth. But I think those two things combined really gave us a bit of confidence that we thought we might be towards the upper end of the range, I'd say, as we got through Q2. The one thing that I'll highlight, I think John made reference to it, although we didn't have big growth assumptions in the plan related to employment growth, particularly in our larger employee sizes across both Management Solutions and the PEO. We typically get some seasonal hiring. We expected to see some growth there that didn't materialize to the level that we expected and certainly what we've seen in the past. And so that's given us a little bit of pause. And as I mentioned, that was across both categories, Management Solutions and PEO and Insurance. The PEO and Insurance, for the most part, they've been able to outrun that I would say, just given the strength of the business. John talked about the strong demand there. And some of the action plans that we've taken have really paid off there. But on the Management Solutions side, it's been a little bit of a headwind. And that is kind of what you see in the quarter as well as kind of the fine-tuning of the guidance ranges that I just provided.
Bob Schrader: Yeah, not really, Ramsey, because what we're basically doing is we're amending the returns and filing the submissions for our clients which the IRS continues to accept. And so, we're recognizing the revenue as we do that and they're still accepting submission. So, there's really not a timing shift there. The change at the IRS made at the end of Q1 really hasn't impacted our ability to continue to go into our base and sell it, really hasn't impacted our forecast from a revenue standpoint. The big difference is that you have the deadline, you are approaching a deadline here at the end of this fiscal year. And we're three years into it and we've been through our base and really have identified all the clients that qualify for the opportunity. We've talked to them. And if we haven't talked to them, you can turn on the radio, everyone else has talked to them. So it just, hey, we're through eight years into it. I think most small businesses that were qualified for this benefit have taken advantage of the opportunity. And there may be some a little bit flows into next year, but nothing of significance. I'm hoping at some point in time, I can stop talking about ERTC, but there's really no timing shift there related to what the IRS did.
Bob Schrader: Hey, Bryan. I just want to add a little bit. You didn't specifically ask this, but just as your comment as it relates to the weaker Management Solutions. The other part of that -- beyond the softer hiring versus what we expected, the other part of part of that has to do with the strong performance in PEO as well. We talked to you guys about the PEO business. We've had a lot of questions on that and our ability to kind of reaccelerate growth there. And one of the strategies there was that we knew the ASO was really strong last year. We had put a plan together to really go back inside of the base, leverage our data, leverage our AI models, really look at the clients that we thought would be good PEO fits, and we've been executing on that plan over the last six months and that has actually been a little bit better than what we anticipated. So, now the pendulum has swung back a little bit the other way. We probably should just put these two businesses together in one category. It would make mine and John's job much easier. But we've had a lot of success with PEO. I think that's why you see the raise there. And that is impacting to some extent, to use your word, the little bit weaker performance in Management Solutions.
Bob Schrader: Yeah. I mean, I can start and then John can add on. I mean, obviously, there is the headwind there with ERTC, but there's other areas of the business. And although ASO, we had some of the hiring challenges that John referenced as well as better PEO performance, ASO still continues to be a strong contributor to growth, and we expect that to continue to be the case in the back half of the year. We talked about retirement. That has been a really strong driver of growth for us and just really increased product penetration. We expect that to continue into the back half of the year, Jason. That will offset, to some extent, some of the ERTC headwind. And again, we did do a small acquisition. It's not a huge contributor to growth on a full-year basis. But again, that will help mitigate some of that headwind as we move into the back half of the year. And when we kind of put all those things together, we would expect Management Solutions to be in a similar growth rate in the back half of the year than the first half -- or same as the first half.
Bob Schrader: Yeah, I'm just -- I'm taking a look at that, Jason. Obviously, the Management Solutions will probably be a bit lower in Q3 than Q4 because of the headwinds that we talked about being greater with ERTC in Q3. And then, the PEO and Insurance, those growth rates are going to be similar to where they were in Q2. And hopefully, when you look at the full-year guidance, the guide that I gave you on Q3, you can kind of do the math and should get you close.
Bob Schrader: Yeah. I'd say it's more than that, Kartik, because as we've talked about, on a full-year basis, we had some moderate expectations for clients adding employees. It wasn't a big driver of growth overall, as I mentioned, across both Management Solutions and PEO, that was a little bit softer. But what we're really seeing is not on the low end of the market. It's with our larger size clients, particularly in those ASO and PEO models. They're bigger client sizes, and we typically get some seasonal hiring. We get it every year. We had some assumptions around what that would look like in Q2, and that hasn't materialized to the level of our assumption or what we've seen in prior years. So, it's really -- it is across the board. It's a little bit softer than what we anticipated. But to John's point earlier, it's not that small businesses are getting rid of employees, they're just not adding to the level that we assumed in the plan.
Bob Schrader: Yeah. Samad, I've gotten this question a lot. I think if you look back at -- and we've talked about this area. I've talked about it with many of you on this question specifically. But if you look at what we've done from a revenue growth, whether it's over the last five years or 10 years, it's well within the range of that midterm guidance that we gave. I would also say the guidance that we're providing this year, at least the way I think about it, is well within that range as well. And as you know better than anyone, we have a way we go about delivering that growth. It's a mix of client-based growth, and then, I would say that we would assume that to be similar with past performance. One thing that we're really good at is getting a larger share of wallet out of our client base, particularly with our higher value solutions, ASO, PEO, retirement. We still think there's a lot of opportunity inside the base. When you look at a lot of those key solutions, the penetration rates are fairly low. And so, we believe we have a lot of opportunity to continue to drive growth there. As John mentioned, we have pricing power, right? We deliver a strong value proposition and our expectation is that, hey, we might not be capturing price to the level that we did over the last couple of years where inflation was, but we believe we have a strong value proposition that is going to enable us to continue to capture price in the future. And I think when you put all that together -- I'd say the other component of it, when you look back historically, is we have used M&A as a way to drive growth in the business, and that has been part of our growth formula. It's part of what we've delivered over the last five and 10 years, and we expect that we'll continue to look for opportunities, and that will be part of our growth in the future. So, when you kind of put that all together, that gives us confidence that we can continue to deliver in that upper single digit level. It's not going to be -- it'll vary year by year, but for the most part, we expect it to be in that range.
Bob Schrader: No, it's small. I don't have the exact number, Bryan, On a full year basis, we said it's not a material contributor to revenue growth at all. I mean, way less than 1%. I don't have the split in front of me by quarter.
Bob Schrader: Yeah, I mean, it certainly is, and that's assumed in the guide, and it certainly is offsetting it, but ERTC was so large in the back half of last year, particularly in Q3, and unfortunately, it comes nowhere near close enough to offset the full thing, but it does minimize it a little bit, the headwind.
Bob Schrader: Yeah, I mean, as John mentioned, I think we've seen a lot of strength in the mid-market. And from a sales performance standpoint, our unit performance that we had in Q2, I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks, John, was above where we were at this time last year. We continue to see strong penetration within the existing client base, upsells into the base, whether that's ASO, PEO, retirement, but I would say, Mark, there's strength across the board, both from a new logo standpoint, particularly in the mid-market as well as upsells into the base.
Bob Schrader: Yeah, I mean, that was a very small contributor, David, to growth in the quarter. And the other thing you need to keep in mind, we kind of gave you color on ERTC being a slight tailwind in the first half. It was actually a headwind in Q2, so most of that came in Q1. So, you kind of -- you have the headwind of ERTC. You have a slight tailwind from the acquisition. But the organic growth rate is not going to be too far different from what you see as reported.
Bob Schrader: Yeah, I mean we've talked about it in the past that certainly when we look across all the different solutions that we offer, the PEO is certainly the highest lifetime value. And as you can imagine, when you start getting all of the -- you get into that PEO model and they have -- the client has their health insurance and their workers' comp insurance and their SUI with us and all the different offerings, that's really our full solution that we offer. You're getting more hooks into them, and particularly when they have their health insurance with us. If they have their health insurance with us, if they were to leave the PEO, that would be very disruptive for their employees. They may have to get new insurance cards. They may have to -- they might be in a different network, might have to change doctors. So, it's very disruptive. And so, you get a lot of hooks into them in that model. And as you know, retention is a big driver of lifetime value. So, although, when we're selling clients, we want to put them in the right model that meets their needs. Ultimately, and that was, as we've talked about, one of our strategies this year is to really to go back into that base, get them over into that PEO model, because the economics in that model over the long term are very favorable. And so that's part of our strategy.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey, thanks. Yeah, just to close out the call, John, you mentioned the LTV for the PEO business being attractive. I don't think I've heard that from Paychex all these years. So, can you elaborate on that relative to the ASO or HRO or even if you can't size it, just the ratio there? Just love to learn more on that.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Got it. Yeah. I know the notionals are high, but in my mind, the payroll [indiscernible] payroll business, the retention, [indiscernible] margins are so high, I figured that was also tough competition...
Tien-Tsin Huang: And the CAC is also low because a good chunk of it is still selling into exist. I know you said it's coming [indiscernible]...
