Martin Mucci: Yes, Bryan, I would say that investments in Q1 were a little bit lower – they were planned that way, so this wasn’t different, investments were a little bit lower in first quarter than they will be in subsequent quarters. That was one. And then revenue was a little bit better than we had originally anticipated in the quarter, so the combination of those two drove margins a bit better than we anticipated.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think just – Bryan just that we continue as we said – as Efrain just said we had a strong back half of last year that continued right into the first quarter. We are finding a lot of success with the PEO and ASO both from an HR outsourcing perspective and the integration with HROI has gone very well and frankly has complemented us and our teams and the leadership I think very well. So, we have really picked up, continue to have some great momentum in the first quarter. So right now, the callouts are that there is a great need for the PEO and the ASO products and we are capturing the sales for that need. So, we are very pleased with the work that those guys have been doing.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think you can really see it in the – because when you think about it, the worksite employee growth is double digits as well, so it’s continued to be very strong, not only the sales of – from new sales, but also the existing basis is continuing to grow. So, we’re getting a little uptick on the economy from those slightly larger businesses, I guess I’d say mid-market size PEO client.
Martin Mucci: Yes, David, this is Marty. You’re absolutely right. I mean that that’s how it’s always been and of course other competitors have been out there with those solutions for a while. This one is not a new one, a lot was made about it, and – but it’s a mobile version of something they’ve had for a number of years. It doesn’t support all the states, it’s not as complex obviously as close to our offering, you have to do payroll many days ahead. So, I don’t at least in this instance I don’t see it as any big change from a competitive standpoint. And you’re right that in kind of that point-of-sale typically because we’re selling – we are also selling through a partner those solutions, payment solutions. We find that, that is something that they take upfront and then payroll comes along a little bit later. So, we have experienced that ourselves. So, we can be selling it. We actually unseat more payment solutions, because they already have them before they ever talk about payroll with us. So, we don’t see that as a big change at this point. Again, a number of competitors have been out there and this one really wasn’t that big of a change or anything close to the competitiveness that we have. It’s a mobile payroll solution. It doesn’t, I don’t believe, even have employee access, which is what many companies are looking for now on a mobile basis.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think you certainly could read into it that we think that’s an important part of our business going forward. The HR Outsourcing has been very important and the PEO has picked up momentum really the last 2 or 3 years in particular even from the client standpoint from accepting what a PEO is and understanding. The competition that’s out there I think has also helped drive that, understanding that what a PEO is and how that can assist them. The changes in insurance have driven that. So, yes, I think you will see us continue to make investment in that business and we do think – we wouldn’t break it out as a segment with insurance unless we thought it was certainly a significantly growing piece of the business. And it has different dynamics obviously to the financials that we like to call out as well.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think – one, I think we are very much at the front-end. I would just say our experience has been that, with the payment solutions that we do a payment solution through two partners. We are I think very effective at it. That sales team has grown. It’s all an inside team. So, we get referrals from the field and we have of course one of the largest field base selling teams out there in payroll and HR. And so when we run into brand new clients, we can certainly refer them back to that team to sell payment now and then build a relationship to payroll. But we also more times than not have payroll first and then unseat the payment solution. On the other hand, I would tell you that a lot of the work that we are doing now on the front-end is to be able to get at those clients where they come to us on the web. So, you are seeing a lot more web-based coming in through the web and then selling them whatever they need at that point, whether that’s payment, payroll or a combination of that with HR. So, I think we are well positioned very much to get those businesses at the very much the front-end of when they are searching. And more of our dollars frankly have shifted to marketing and to web development and demand generation than any time in our history, because of that, because of the way the whole sales approach is. And Efrain mentioned, SurePayroll, a component of ours out of Chicago, obviously is also we are working on some things that we will be releasing and talking about the next quarter or two that I think will help that even more.
Martin Mucci: I will start with the latter. Certainly, our goal is always to be at the best we have ever been. I think we are approaching that from a client retention level. First quarter doesn’t make the year, but we certainly have seen continuous improvement in our net promoter scores and our satisfaction surveys, which have been translated into even better retention and we went through a pretty big service kind of realignment 2 years ago that really settled out through last year and we really feel like all of that is behind us now and has worked very effectively and how we are servicing clients in different ways with different teams. We have also added a lot of technology for the retention. So, we have put in a whole new unified communications system across all of our branches and locations. We collect a lot more data. I know lot more about the clients, what they are looking at, what their history has been before I ever talk to them when they are calling in. And of course, we have continued to use a lot of data analytic models to anticipate if a client is possibly going to leave us or not and then do proactive calling to them. So, our goal is certainly to have the best retention ever in our history and we hit that peak about 2 years ago, 2.5 years and we are slightly below that and aiming for more. From a product standpoint, Jim, we are very proud that HR Tech, just a few weeks ago we released as I mentioned the learning management, Paychex Learning Management that type training into development. So now we have kind of a fully bundled development. So we are helping, you can think about it all the way from acquiring new employees for our clients, we can do all of that paperless in a paperless fashion right from the recruiting to the on-boarding of the client so nothing, there is no paper necessary. Once they are in the system, now we’ve been much more full-featured as far as training them, developing them, giving turnover data analytics of what’s going on in the environment. I think the data and the enhancements have never come faster. And then adding more self-service, so where the other thing we’re seeing is a lot of clients wanting self-service, so meaning that if they have questions or their employees have questions or their employees want to make changes that we allow them to do that in the app whether mobile or on the desktop. They can make changes, they can ask questions, we’ll be introducing a chatbot that we showed at HR Tech that will basically service up 50 or 60 answers the questions, all you have to do is where is my W-2 or where do I find this or how do I do that and that will pop up and you will see that continue to evolve throughout the year.
Martin Mucci: Now without giving it to you, but a good try anyway. But – we’re – I would just say we had some momentum going into the last half of last year, we feel like that has continued. So, hey selling season is the peak and we’re fully staffed up on our sales team. We did that very quickly. Well we added some additional sales. We have added more to virtual, to telephonic as well, both field and telephonic. And I think we’re well positioned for a peak selling season, product wise and sales wise. And they have a lot – by the way I didn’t even mention the sales team has a lot more tools as well. So when you think about the use of sales force and how sophisticated sales force has now become for them, it’s just – it’s amazing the tools that are at their disposal and the ability to train and get them to use it is coming much better too because they’re seeing that when they give us data on a prospect that maybe didn’t close this time, they’re getting a lot more information back the next time they got out and talk to CPAs, current clients et cetera. So, it’s starting to translate. We didn’t quite call it the year yet but because we got to get through that peak selling season, but we’re feeling really good about where we are now.
Martin Mucci: It’s I think we are well prepared for that. We have been building out a number of the products I am looking at it from a strategy standpoint of how do we look at from an insurance, retirement, savings and payroll, but even more so from the benefit side, how do you look at ways to let that follow the employee as opposed to being so client focused, the employer focused. And I think we will have some things to talk about in future quarters as we are rolling that out. We are not seeing a big impact from that right now. I think it was a little bit overstated last year, but we are certainly preparing for that. And I think already with the mobile app and the way we are building out the data by employee, you are going to see much more of a shift toward the employee and how they can carry information with them. And we will be prepared to react to that as it continues to grow.
Martin Mucci: I think yes, that would be – our anticipation is still 2 to 3, we have always said kind of 2 to 4, but tend to recognize a little on the lower end of that. I think on new clients what you are seeing is some discounting there upfront, but we are able to get to roll that off very effectively and pretty quickly through using a lot of data analytics. We started this a number of years ago, but instead of leaving it to kind of individual branches to decide how to roll off discounts, we do it on a much more automated basis and it’s done with data analytics. So we know based on the history of the client whether we can roll off more of a discount or less of a discount and that has been very effective for us at bringing the price, the discount back off. So, you are still seeing pretty much the same level of competition upfront, which drives a little bit more of the discounting or the same level of discounting, but we are able to roll that off. And I think between the service levels, the additional products we offer, all of that allows you to bring – getting drive more revenue per client kind of after you have the client. And once you have the client, the price increase seems to stick pretty well. So, the more of that discounting is more upfront to get the client in a competitive environment, but not as much once you are going forward.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Interesting question, I think it’s still been pretty good as far as finding. I know there is shortages that are difficult to find based on the work that we do in the overall market as well as Paychex itself. It’s more in the IT side and we have actually have been very successful there too. That’s where when you get into certain disciplines of IT, security and so forth, that’s been difficult. Sales has not been too difficult. I think one there – we are attracting good solid sales folks who are – who typically we still look for that some sales experience already and they are seeing the level of products and success that we are having. They are seeing growth opportunities that when they come into the company they could start and frankly in virtual telephonic they can grow to the field payroll, they can advance the mid-market, they can grow into HRS. In fact we just came back from our sales conference two weeks ago and just tremendous enthusiasm and a lot of good employee referrals. So we are really not having an issue of getting fully stepped. In fact we got fully stepped faster than we expected in the first quarter because of the success in the recruiting and the retention is improving across virtually every sales organization. So the retention is getting back in line where we were historically as well. I think that’s all about them feeling like they have got the right tools, sales force, the enhancements we have made to that, the lead generation that they are getting, the leads and that they can be successful. All of that equates well to acquiring and retaining the talent.
Martin Mucci: Not at this point. We are not seeing much. There are specific small and mid-size businesses that are impacted whether they are supplying the automobile industry and so forth, but we have not seen much of an impact on our client base at all. And when you think about also when we saw the storm impacting awful lot of businesses in South Carolina and North Carolina we didn’t – we haven’t seen too much of an impact there yet either. So, so far retention is in very good shape as I mentioned earlier and we are not seeing an impact either from regulation and tariff changes or the hurricane.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think when you think about like sales force, we have had sales force for some time but we have really added a team that has really worked with the sales team to say what to encourage them to find it to be much more useful. And so we have gotten a lot more into the analytics of sales force and we have also profiled the clients and the leads that they are getting much better. So let me start with the leads, when the leads come in, in the past as I mentioned they were in kind of one big bucket. So all the leads that came in that had interest kind of went out to the sales force and they may have been of different quality. We started with a new leader in marketing and with a lot of experience in demand generation started making these much more sophisticated. We are scoring the leads now. At the front end we have a team that has been talking to leads for some time taking them through the web, etcetera and now scoring them and if they don’t score high enough they were put kind of back into system to get – to really get worked and continue to provide information and details to prospective clients before we send a sales person out to them.  And so we are seeing that the quality of the leads to the sales team is much better. But as the sales team continues to use sales force and gives us more data on their prospects that goes back into data analytics that is then helps us profile the clients, also profile the CPAs and give you more data on the CPAs and what’s the last time that they referred us, who referred us, how they referred us, what they referred us, all of giving the sales rep much more data to go out and approach either a prospective client or current client for referral, a CPA or other lead referral source. And you’re also evolving into giving them a lot more data on their mobile phone as to where their next appointments are, how they make the best use of their time and how they can then get data off of social media on those prospects, so then when I walk into a prospect I know a lot about them already from our internal resources and combining that with external resources. So the level of sophistication and the tools that we give them has increased dramatically just even in the last six to 12 months. And we are starting to see some benefits from that one I think better retention of the sales force and certainly we’re looking for an improved productivity as well and it’s a little early in the year to talk about that, but so far as we have said number of times we think we’re off to a good start.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I would say first of all not in the merchant base, I mean I think again it seems like they’ve got an awful lot of play and we just haven’t seen that there and I think it’s – that’s not really much of an impact at least at this time. What we have seen is that the shift of dollars have definitely gone toward marketing. So, where you would necessarily shift – put dollars more into sales, we continue to put dollars into sales, but I have to say some of it has shifted earlier in the process. So redesigning our web, redesigning the whole lead-flow that I just talked about, data analytics and the work in building those support systems, more money goes into and investment goes into the marketing side. And overall that probably does raise the cost of acquiring a client to some degree certainly, but you’re also getting more productive on the sales side or that’s your hope. So, you are getting more revenue and more success and higher close rate as a result of that, but you’re definitely doing more upfront in the spend as much more upfront to get that. This is the way they’re searching. Most clients’ prospects today are 60% of the way through the sales process before we even get contacted, that’s very different than in our past and we think we’re very much ready for that.
Martin Mucci: We don’t breakout the client base between them anymore, Kartik. But I think both are growing. You certainly see, as Efrain said, on the low end of both companies you are seeing a stronger growth. We really feel like that has picked up a lot of momentum, particularly on the low end. And I think that’s a lot of the things that we have been talking about, the demand generation, the virtual sales team, the faster response to leads, doing it with chat and selling over the phone much more. So, I think both of them are doing well. Certainly, Sure has continued to see good growth as well, really pleased with the team there.
Martin Mucci: Always some concern with that. But I think right now, what you see in those kind of clients that are taking a PEO solution is they are much more interested in the service that they are getting and the support for the insurance in particular. And they are looking at those costs and do you have the right insurance plans and do you have the right service with the HR generalist and we have 500 of those out there that are supporting PEO and ASO. Do they have the right experience? It’s really much more of a value play. So frankly I worry less about that price competition than I would small business payroll, which is much more competitive. And so the more that we grow toward the PEO side from a price standpoint, I think that the value is much stronger to say, hey, we hear plenty of clients that say to us this was having a strong HR person and this insurance plan was very valuable to my business and they probably pay more.
Martin Mucci: Alright. Thank you. And at this point, we will close the call. If you’re interested in replaying the webcast for this conference call, it will be archived for approximately 30 days. Thank you for taking the time to participate in our first quarter press release conference call and for your interest in Paychex. We very much appreciate it and have a great day.
Efrain Rivera: Bryan, I knew when I put out that number in those ranges just so everybody could be centered I would get that question. I don’t know the answer to that at this point. I think I will talk to that as we get closer to Q2 and Q3. We had an exceptionally strong back half of the year. So I will have to see we have some momentum in PEO and we have a degree of conservatism in the way we look at the information. So, I will hold out on commenting whether that’s the run-rate going into next year. Your first question was any callouts on PEO I will just let Marty.
Efrain Rivera: David, here is what I’d say, the – what we are experiencing is strong growth in worksite employees that continued in the first quarter. So, it’s not primarily pricing-driven, it’s really much more driven by volume of clients. So we’re not – and we’re not anticipating any significant stat up – step-up, I’m sorry, in the rate of attach on healthcare. So it’s not that getting a little bit more contribution from pass-throughs, it’s really more volume-driven. And I got a lot of calls or we got a lot of questions about whether our worksite employee growth was real or how real it was and how sustainable more than that not how real, and we had strengthened the back half of the year and that that’s continuing as we start the year.
Efrain Rivera: And David one of the thing that I’d like to add because this is probably not what was true five or six years ago. We get a lot of PEO clients outside of the base. So, when you see the growth, a lot of that’s coming from outside the Paychex PEO bay – sorry, Paychex payroll base. So, we’re winning both inside the base and outside the base.
Efrain Rivera: Well, we never recover that one heavy processing day and the impact on payroll services revenue is about $5 million from that one day. So we never recover it and then you have kind of the normal ups and downs you might have in a given quarter, which is why the other quarters looks so different from Q1.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, just to be clear since I get this question. We’re not saying there is one less day, it’s really just the composition of a heavier processing day in Q1 that we lost and then the rest of the year is normal, which will mean you got some a little bit more in one quarter, a little bit less in other quarters and – but it will look like a normal year.
Efrain Rivera: And if I just more concretely beyond what – adding building on what Marty said, look, I mean, we have a really competitive offering in the micro-enterprise space and we will be talking as we go through the year about some really significant enhancements of that product that we think will put us certainly at the forefront of what’s happening on the low end of the DIY SaaS part of the market. We are doing really well in that part of the business. It was really, really surprising to us, what the reaction that occurred as a result of that, because we don’t see any of that in our numbers. As a matter of fact, in the past 6 months, we have been building momentum in that part of the market. So, everyone is entitled to make their own opinion as to what a press release makes. Unfortunately, from the standpoint of the facts, we are not seeing any impact. And so, I just want to make that very clear.
Efrain Rivera: No. I mean, we are selling and our sales have done very well. We have an inside team that sells through a couple of partners now and has continued to do well. But as far as getting into a full-fledged – doing the processing itself of the payments, I don’t think so, there is not a great interest there. As you know, the company dynamics are very different. The financials are very different. And I don’t think it makes a huge difference from the payroll side on the front-end. Frankly, we have had better experience with having the payroll and then unseating an existing competitor in the payment space, because those rates constantly are changing and we can give them a little bit better product. And frankly, sometimes it offsets the cost of payroll or other products. So, we are in it, but I think we are in it at the right level right now.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So we don’t disclose the revenue per WSE number, Tim. We will talk to that as we go through the year. It doesn’t sound impressive, because when we said organic was 19%, remember that the base now, including HROI, increases the number of WSEs. It’s still pretty strong. So, I wouldn’t take that as an implication that growth is somehow decelerating, because now when we talk about organic, we are talking about the inclusion of HROI in the base, which adds more WSEs. And so we are talking about a more apples-to-apples comparison. And then as we walk through the year, we will talk more about revenue per worksite employee.
Efrain Rivera: No, the implication of that is that now you have got a larger base on which to calculate growth. So, the 19% was on the Paychex business itself. That was the organic comparison. And now we roll in the HROI base to our clients and so the growth rate obviously is a little bit lower, because you have a bigger base on which you are calculating the growth.
Efrain Rivera: Hey, Tim. So, we will talk more as this is the first quarter reporting on it. But obviously, because PEO is bundled with insurance or not bundled with insurance, but presented with insurance and PEO has pass-through costs, it’s lower than the overall company margin and management solutions is higher. We will have to go through the year and kind of see where rates normalize, but it’s fair to say it is lower than overall company margins.
Efrain Rivera: The other thing, as you know we have been involved with merchant services over the past 5 years and I think we have got a pretty good understanding of the dynamics of how that sale occurs and how it occurs with payroll. So, I think between SurePayroll and what we do on the merchant side, we are in a position to see if that starts to tilt or to tip and take the appropriate action. Right now though I just want to emphasize that we are not seeing that and a lot of the dynamics that we saw 5 years ago still remain and what happens in the future where we will monitor and see what’s going on.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, sure. I think it’s been a very significant change over particularly over the last year. We have moved more leads to a virtual team inside for the smallest of clients. Those were starting up 1 to 4. We use more of the virtual teams or telephonic sales, because that’s the way the client in those small areas in particular, their leads come in, they want to be addressed very quickly. We have really become much more sophisticated in our lead generation in the way we are scoring leads and then communicating with prospects, who aren’t ready to buy yet. Those used to all be kind of in the bucket with all the leads being the same that is not the way it’s done anymore. We know when someone just comes in. We know where they start and stop looking at our product. They know if we have been compared to somewhere else. We know if they looked at pricing or not. And we can respond telephonically much faster with much better data targeted right at that client and we are setup to demo and sell over the phone or through chat very quickly. So the dynamics have changed quite dramatically, particularly for the inbound web search and low end client. And I think we have really – last year we kind of started this towards the beginning of the year actually in the fourth quarter of the year before and we really have picked up momentum in the last 6 months and I think we have really fine tuned the store, it’s working very well.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I don’t have a good split between previous – obviously the – that the – you get a lot outside the PEO who have – who know PEO. So, we’re doing well there and the split as to new to PEO, I don’t know, my suspicion is it’s more people who know about the PEO model to start with.
Efrain Rivera: But I do want to say just reiterate Tien-tsin what you said which is as we looked at the data we always had a certain amount of PEO clients outside the base, but that trend has certainly been accelerating.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. It is a function of the days, but our assumption is that through the year we build in terms of sales units and sales volume as we progress through the next three quarters. And as Marty said we’re off to a decent start this year.
Efrain Rivera: And I don’t typically give quarterly, but I can say no. No, it’s really client size and that abates as we go through the year. We anticipate that it will abate in addition to all of the other factors changing as we go through the year. We have another day. We assume better unit and volume growth, all of those and mix abates a bit. So, it’s those factors.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I just make that really quick. So, what happens there is that because we bundle into that revenue the impacts from modules related to Affordable Care Act, you didn’t see that growth in that number, so that number started to tail off just – we penetrated the base and that part of the module which a couple of years earlier started at basically zero didn’t grow very much, so that dropped off in growth. And then the second thing was the impact to payroll services revenue growing more slowly as seen in that number. You will see if you look at the numbers that we’re projecting in terms of growth for the remainder of the year that we bounced back off that number that we had last year and we start to see better growth in the back half of this year, but those are the reasons, growth and payroll growth in that one category was muted.
Efrain Rivera: We repeated it. It should be on the website. So, we breakout management solutions and PEO and insurance and then we just reaffirmed the guidance that we provided for the full year, so…
Efrain Rivera: On an organic basis. Yes, I think what we said, James, was that Lessor would be about 1% of payroll growth.
