Efrain Rivera: Yes, you're right. So yes, good memory, Jason. So the answer is Q2 did not have any additional days so we had 65 processing days in Q2 of 2013. We had 65 processing days in Q2 of 2014. You are correct in both statements that you made. So in Q3, we will have 1 additional day of processing. We'll still have 65, but it turns out that last year in Q3 in 2013, we had 64. And we will have 1 less day in the final quarter of the year than we had the year before. When you total all of this up for the year, we have 1 less day overall. I am happy to report that next year, we have the exact same days in the exact same quarters, so I won't have to -- we won't have to keep discussing days. But you're right. So we'll have -- this quarter was, even with the prior quarter in terms of days, plus 1 in Q3, minus 1 in Q4. So we'll have 1 less processing day overall than we had last year.
Efrain Rivera: No. In fiscal '14 versus 2013, I mentioned that in the call, we had 1 less day this year than we had last year.
Efrain Rivera: Sorry, Jason, I didn't catch the question. No, we're comparable in terms of number of days in this quarter versus last year. So to answer your question, it really is 3 pieces. So the first, we mentioned checks per payroll, about 1.6 comparable to Q2. We keep saying that checks per payroll will moderate. They have moderated, but very slowly. The second is we see better pricing environment. And the third is we've had some client growth. So those are the 3 components of why we did better.
Efrain Rivera: No, no, no. The acquisition, which Marty mentioned on data, that was less than 0.2%. So it's really -- it's timing, I guess we should call it out specifically. And the JV isn't generating any revenue.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, good question. So we still feel good about the range. We certainly, through the first 2 quarters, feel comfortable where we're at. Having said all of that, I'd just caveat what we say all the time, which is that the third quarter is a critical quarter for us not just from a sales standpoint, but also from a loss standpoint. So good trends. We feel pretty good. We're in the middle of selling season. We'll update you on where we're at.
Efrain Rivera: No. Rod, the other thing I'd add to what Marty is saying is that in the short term, the pluses are dwarfing any negatives. And one of the things that was implicit in what Marty said was that you have an ability to underwrite pretty successfully within the PEO in a time when most insurance companies are struggling to figure out what their requirements are. And so in this window of time, PEOs have an advantage because they understand their cost structure, self-insured to some extent, and are able to go to market with a pretty clear offering. Over time, that could change. I would say that's a potential negative as the exchanges get up and running and then become, perhaps, pricing changes. But in the short term, we're certainly seeing -- reaping the benefits of that trend.
Efrain Rivera: I think we feel reasonably confident. But again, I caveat all of that by saying we have to win our share in the third quarter and not lose more than our share in the third quarter and we're in the middle of that so...
Efrain Rivera: And Jim, I think that everyone's feeling the fact that the ACA's tacking on some additional fees that clients have. So I don't think anyone's disadvantaged or advantaged in that process. We -- as Marty said, we knew the lower end of the market eventually will gravitate into an exchange that probably at the margin makes that a little bit more quick to happen. But they're -- but we've pivoted our sales force to address that, to position ourselves for that anyway.
Efrain Rivera: No. There's no issues whatsoever other than good ones. So -- the first is our IT spending was about where we expected it. We expected it to be a little bit higher in the first half of the year. It was up. And then the other part was we're just having a very strong selling season. We typically wouldn't call that out unless it was a bit above where we expected it to be and we just have to make provisions on the assumption that, that will continue throughout the year. So if we don't call it out, it's because it's about where we expected it. And as Marty's been saying now for 2 quarters, sales execution's been really strong. So those are the 2 buckets where it increased.
Efrain Rivera: No, not quite. I think we're obviously a little bit ahead in the first half and we reiterated where we are in our EPS guidance for the year as I read it out. So we're still in the 8% to 9% range.
Efrain Rivera: Look, I think that what we have done through the first 2 quarters is buy back opportunistically, primarily to offset dilution. Some quarters, we're a little bit more successful than others. And we'll do that through the balance of the year. Got no specific program purchases per se, but we'll look at opportunities to offset some of the dilution. We've had a pretty significant dilution over the last -- by our standards, over the last year or so, 18 months, and we're just trying to offset a bit of that.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, yes, Ashwin. So the answer is we expect it to grow faster than revenue, but we expect other areas, obviously, ops -- operation expenses and G&A to offset part of that increase. The price of being in this game is to constantly spend in technology. And the game we're in increasingly is creating a suite of services that becomes the point that gets sticky for the customer. So payroll alone is not the only thing that many customer want. They want an integrated solution. So what you've got to do is invest in creating the technology, which Marty was just mentioning, to deliver that information in mobile fashion and give them access across all platforms to that information. So we anticipate that spending on IT will tend to grow at a faster rate than sales whereas spending on ops will grow at a slower rate.
Efrain Rivera: I didn't say any of that, but Sure is increasing nicely and overall we're increasing. We've increased in the first half of the year. But a caveat, for the third time, we need to get through the sales season to see where we end up.
Efrain Rivera: I think -- let me characterize it this way. So 2 answers to that, Joe. The first is I think there's a couple of glimmers that indicate that the market itself is growing a little bit. It's still early but we've got some data points that suggest it's getting better. So I don't think it's purely a market share game, but I think it's still primarily one. So that's the first part of it. But I think the second part of it, the second way to answer that is that, increasingly, what we have seen over the last year is that when you go in to talk to a client, they want an integrated solution and they want integrated access to the data. So over time, what we believe is that the person -- or I should say the company that can provide that suite of services the best will win in the marketplace. And not just payroll, payroll is important, but it's also payroll and integrated data also. And that's where we had really gotten much, much better in our sales execution efforts, both on HRS, core and mid-market. And so I guess that's the way I'd frame the market and the opportunity.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So I guess you really have to look at it by segments, Joe. Primarily what we're doing on the HRS, not exclusively, but HRS is selling into the base. So you can say it's cross-selling or up-selling or whatever you want to call it, right? On the core payroll side, traditionally, 50% of our sales are in new businesses. So that's the new. And then the remainder are -- we're in a competition with everyone else in the market. So if you weigh all of that, a lot of it's cross-selling and up-selling for which we have a large opportunity within the base. And then in core, it breaks out kind of half and half.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I think, David, our position is that we'll first look at dividend increases before we look at share repurchases. But we'll have some element in the mix of share repurchase, at least to offset dilution. That's our thinking going forward.
Efrain Rivera: I think, Bryan, we need to kind of work through the remainder of the year. But I would just say, our internal expectation is that 3% to 4% is not a number we want to be at, and we think that there are probably a number of ways to get that above that. That's our guidance for the year. We'll walk through it and get a better sense. We've been feeling our way through this, coming off a year where we had just barely 2% for a number of reasons. We're really pleased with the acceleration, and we think -- we want to get it above 3% to 4%, put it that way.
Efrain Rivera: I'd characterize it as a tweak. The -- yes, so I read what Bernanke said. And the notes I saw, post-call, were that they thought that short-term interest rates might increase by 25 bps by next summer. That's -- that wasn't sort of our thinking going into the call, but that's where he's -- what he's signaling. If you're in that environment, I would say there's a tweak to say go longer. So we'll look at that as we go through the year.
Efrain Rivera: I think we're being a little bit conservative, Jeff. I will say this that the recent Fed pronouncements are literally a day old, so it's a little bit tough to incorporate all of that thinking into our back half. We don't expect material improvement because our -- we only replaced about 15% to 20% of the portfolio, so we've made a lot of those decisions already, so may not see a lot of the upside or, I should say, sounds like a lot of upside, but any modest upside during the remainder of the year. We'll look at the portfolio. And if there's any changes, we'll update next quarter. I think it really is more kind of what next year looks like. That's what the recent decisions will cause us to revisit.
Efrain Rivera: No, don't anticipate anything. So we're up 6% year-to-date. It's really just going to depend on client balances and number of clients in funds, so no structural changes. I'll call it expected.
Efrain Rivera: Look -- and the fact that we don't specifically call it out, Marty saying, doesn't mean that we don't understand what the opportunity is. It's just that the opportunity is really large. And every quarter we go, we discover that there's other opportunities that we should be directing our attention to. And I think the 401(k) upmarket is a great example of an opportunity that -- an organic opportunity in the last year to 18 months that doesn't depend at all on our client base. Those are not current Paychex clients for payroll. They simply are new clients that we are adding because we have acquired a core competency that was adjacent to our -- that are adjacent to our initial core competency, which was doing payroll and 401(k) plans. So when we look at the opportunities in each of those segments, be it ASO, PEO, be it 401(k) or insurance, we just see a lot of runway before we ever would get to a point where there're -- where we saw we were saturating the client base. And I think the other thing, David, I would add is, that we've said this several times, that we really have a big advantage because of our client base and the fact that we see the market gradually moving towards a suite of services sale. And it's the best suite of services with the best integrated data that, over time, integrated access to the data that's going to win, especially in small and medium-sized businesses.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. You should see it turn positive next year. I can't give you numbers yet. We'll have to analyze what rolls off the portfolio, but we should go positive next year.
Efrain Rivera: Mark, there really isn't a significant change from prior quarters. We were -- we've seen strength basically across all of the segments that we competed in payroll.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. But a caution, Tien-tsin, part of the mental calculation that I'm doing when I get asked that question, is how much of the 15% to 20% of the portfolio is rolling off in a given quarter. So that affects what my answer is going to be with respect to the -- with respect to where we see interest rates. So we've invested a lot of the funds that we expected to roll off at this point. We have a tranche coming in spring. And then the question is whether it really makes a dime's worth of difference for the projection for the remainder of the year.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think just generally, we talked about price increases. We don't give specifically what we increase, but it was a consistent range. But I think what we're finding is the price increase was holding very well. We're not having to discount more. And in fact, we're getting a little bit more revenue per unit that we're selling as well. So we're feeling good. I would say the competitive market is about the same, but we're actually doing well from a price on a revenue-per-unit perspective. And then we're continuing to get more product per client as well, so more revenue per client in what we're selling. We've obviously offered some additional products, and so we're able to not only get good payroll pricing but also sell some additional products as well.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think it's primarily targeted to, certainly, under 20, I would say. And I think it's, for a start-up, it's a simple cloud accounting software package. We just saw it as another way to get into small businesses, help them get started, offer a broad range of products and a suite of products that tie to payroll. It will tie to SurePayroll. It could also certainly tie to core payroll, our small business payroll at Paychex, because a lot of clients -- obviously, 80% of our clients are under 20. So I think it's a good fit for both of them. We're kind of just getting started, but it's getting some nice attention already just as we've rolled out the Paychex Accounting Online private-labeled version of it.
Martin Mucci: I guess I would just say that we're feeling continued positive -- real positive momentum on the sales forces kind of across-the-board, whether it's core payroll, SurePayroll, 401(k), HR outsourcing, all feeling a good momentum there that has continued from the first quarter right into the second.
Martin Mucci: I would say it's not very much from the new business. I would say that the negatives seem to be flattening out a little bit there where we were -- that was when we were down year-over-year on new business growth. So that seems to be flattening out. I'm not saying we're getting any wind behind us on new business growth yet, so I think that's still -- very slowly improving. It's more from, I think, some of the focus we've put on banking channels and -- for referrals and franchises and the CPA community. So that's where we're seeing more positive momentum from a sales perspective.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we see it as an alternative -- let me take the last part first. That from a CPA perspective, I think what we got from research we had that they're constantly looking for alternatives to what they have today. And that if a client -- this is a simple accounting -- cloud accounting package that can help a business, a brand-new business, maybe get started. But as they build and get larger, they would move toward a CPA, and the CPAs can very easily work on the same Kashoo work on their accounting package with the client, which, of course, they like. So we're trying to do it, always encouraging the client who gets on the product to use their CPA, do the work in conjunction with their CPA because that's still an important relationship for us. So we think that the CPA, one, is looking for other choices and accounting packages, and especially for a brand-new business that's starting up, this might be a way to start them then they realize that they could go to an accountant and help them either with Kashoo's package, our package, or move to something else. I would say from the relation-- the investment standpoint, we made an investment into the company, a minority investment. And there's -- I think there's always an opportunity for future increase in investment. But right now, we're pleased with having an investment in them, having a white label product under Paychex Accounting Online that we offer, and see how it goes from here.
Martin Mucci: Well, we're thinking, generally -- first of all, the opportunity is for us to get in front of clients and explain what all the requirements are and that we have some products that will help them. Second, I think we're always impact -- we're always thinking that if small businesses move more to the shops, to the exchanges, that could hurt us a little bit, that would be a negative for us because some of the small business would move to the exchanges. But again, right now, we're not seeing much of that because the exchanges are not really in very good shape and they're not necessarily set up, and the rates aren't necessarily that much better than what we can offer through various carriers and so forth. So I think in the longer term, if they get up and running and get efficient and have competitive rates, it could hurt us a little on the small end. However, we had started to focus already on a little bit more of our mid-market or larger-market clients with insurance. We have covered the gamut, but we have focused the expansion teams, the increase in salespeople, on the 50-plus market and that won't impact. If anything, that will drive more sales, I think, to us because we can give a very competitive offering. And remember that our offering helps integrate with payroll, it provides additional information. We help with the billing and we help you set up a client -- I'm sorry, a new employee and we also help you with COBRA. So I think there could be some -- there's some negative piece to it that we've talked about on the small end, but there's some positive piece I think on the mid-market in which we're also selling insurance in.
Martin Mucci: I think there's always going to be a consistent -- some level of consistent spend there. I think we had been on a higher end of some of the spend now. But as you capitalize it and amortize that, obviously, that takes over for some of the expense you had. So you end up with more expense on depreciation and the amortization of capitalized software and so forth. I think we're at a pretty steady rate. I think we had reached our peak kind of over the last year or so. And I think it will stay steady. I don't think it's going to go down a lot, but I don't -- you won't see it going up as much as it had. It was the only expense that has grown double digits over the last 4 or 5 years. And I think it'll stay relative low double digit or below kind of growth in the future. And so I don't know. There's some onetime, but I think there's a constant level of spend and it's just a matter of setting your priorities on where you spend most. The focus will continue to be on integration of all the products. You have a wide suite of products and so it'll be on integration, certainly continue to be on mobility. Although we feel very good where we are now with the mobility product being able to get it basically any of your information as an employer or an employee and being able to submit or edit payroll as well. So I think it's mobility. It's integration. And certainly, it's always about making it easy, so from a user interface standpoint, how do you continue to keep up with the trends of making things very easy and client-friendly to get at their information, when they want it and how they want it and do what they want.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think it'll be a continuation of what you've seen, even as when IT spend, we've mentioned this was probably more mid- to high single-digit increases -- growth increases, we always offset that. And so when we look at total expenses, we're always looking for some leverage in most everything we're doing, but that's in total. So where you drive productivity in one side, the technology spend will tend to be the higher end of the expenses.
Martin Mucci: No, I think it's a little too early for that, but we don't see, at least at this point, we don't see the environment any different, any more or any less competitive, than we have in the past. So it's a little bit early but we don't really -- haven't really seen much change in the competitive environment. If anything, I think we're feeling good about the progress we're making at this stage.
Martin Mucci: But I'd say -- just as Efrain said, there's some glimmer. I'd still say it's -- you could call it -- we could -- we would call it sluggish, but it's still -- there is some glimmer of some formation. And housing, I think, is still the one, as we've mentioned a few times, that looks like it's coming back in certain areas, and the housing gives us jobs all around that. So you're start -- as the inventories come down, new homes are going up. Prices are going up a little bit. Interest rates will be interest -- will be interesting on that. But it doesn't look like they're going to go up quickly or anything that would cause that to stall out, so.
Martin Mucci: Well, think I would just -- I guess I wouldn't -- we don't necessarily give a percentage. But I would just say that it is certainly positive across-the-board over last year. It was in first quarter, and it is in second quarter. And so across-the-board, what they're doing is, and Efrain kind of just went through this in a sense of we're selling better into the base for the HRS products, 401(k), ASO and PEO. We're selling, I think, better in the additional products that we've brought on, and certainly, the ancillaries of time and attendance and HR administration into the mid market. So I would just say that it's -- I don't want to be overly enthusiastic, but we're feeling really good progress on how sales is performing kind of across-the-board. SurePayroll is very strong. And so when you look at kind of payroll, HRS, SurePayroll across-the-board, all of them are doing better. So -- and I think that's better execution. I think we've focused a lot better in things that we've gone after, and we've executed well on that. And I think that's probably the best I can give you. We don't necessarily go into percentages, but I think it's been positive and it's been consistent.
Martin Mucci: Yes, it's been very early. We just launched it within the last -- about 30 days ago. And so it's been a lot of interest. It's -- you sign up over the web. And we do have a team to support those sales and so forth, but it's basically sold right now over the web. And we're getting a lot of good interest in it. It's done by search more than anything and then some advertising, and we're just getting started. But I think what you're finding is it's a very competitive space right now, very interesting space, that you'll see a lot of players in that. And it's something we thought, as we've researched it the last couple of years, that it was a good thing to get into, and we thought Kashoo had a very strong product in a simple cloud accounting app basis. So we're just getting started, but we're getting a lot of good interest in it. And we think it'll help also lead, obviously, to payroll sales and integration in payroll sales, both the SurePayroll and core Paychex payroll as well.
Martin Mucci: But you -- and you could see that we're -- we've been pretty consistent on where we are from a dividend payout ratio. And I would expect -- it's a board decision, but I would expect that, that would remain pretty consistent.
Martin Mucci: I think it's across-the-board. 401(k) has been very strong. We went after expanding -- about 1.5 years ago, expanding our kind what we call large market, going after a little bit larger 401(k)s than we had in the past and in our base, and that's been very successful. And I think -- so 401(k) across-the-board has done very well in their growth. And then on the ASO and PEO side, we talked a little bit earlier why the PEO, I think, is certainly getting a bump from health care reform, and that's helping. But I think we also are executing a lot better in our PEO business. We put some new -- there's some new folks in there, some new plans and leadership and over the last couple of years, and that's really starting to pick back up and do well. And so I think with all the insurance confusion that's out there, I think people have been much more open to go toward the PEO, and that's helped us. And the ASO, I just think there's more and more regulations. I think as the economy gets slightly better, businesses are willing to spend a little bit more and also see the value of that product and how much you can -- it can help you with all the compliance and so forth that we offer. And we've been in it a long time. So I think it's just kind of -- it's all kind of coming together to hit our stride between execution and the environment.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I -- there have been some more players that you hear of, that start up I -- but right now, they're doing very well. They've continued to have great sales growth, and we're not seeing a lot of change in the -- from a pricing per unit standpoint at all. I -- they've been very effective in selling a lot of their -- it's web search and then they complete the sale over the phone, and they've done a good job. So we really haven't seen an impact on the pricing there.
Martin Mucci: Well, on the pricing, I think it's pretty competitive right now. We're -- it's in that $25 to $30 range per month, and there are certain various promotions that go on. I -- so I think that's pretty competitive, very competitive with what's out there. And I think you're right. On the long term, we do see this as a growth opportunity for us. We've done everything around payroll. We've hooked almost every service around payroll and, I think, have down well and continuing to drive up the penetration of those products, 401(k), workers' comp, insurance, et cetera. When you kind of back up in that whole system of offerings and you look at accounting, now you've got a lot of other offerings that you could come off of that and begin to offer and expand, increased that penetration. Right now, we're just trying to build this base. We're at the stage of just getting started and saying, one, can we help clients get started with this; can we link them to payroll; can we build that client base? And then once the base is building at a good rate, then look to what you can add to it. But there's certainly some opportunities that we are continuing to look at to do that.
Martin Mucci: Well, right now, it's going to be over the Internet, given the cost of the service and so forth. Plus, I think that, that seems to be the most effective way to get it, because you're getting brand-new businesses just as they're getting started. And so I think selling over the Internet, we're going to try that first. We're going to trial probably some telesales type of effort as well on that and direct call-in and so forth, and we'll try various ways. But right now, it's going to be mostly web-based search and then sell it all over the phone.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think there's still a lot of room. The highest penetrated product would be 401(k), and that still has a lot of room. And we don't actually give out the product penetration anymore, but that would be the highest penetrated. And yet, still, we have a number of clients in our payroll base that do not have our 401(k) and give us a great opportunity there, but have a 401(k) but not with us. And so I think that's probably the highest penetrated. All of them, I think we've said, are certainly well under 20% penetrated into the payroll base, and the newer products, when I would say "newer" like insurance, health insurance are way down into single digits and offer us an awful lot of opportunity. So we spent an awful lot of time as an executive team, David, just looking and saying, there's a lot of room here for -- there's a lot of opportunity here for product penetration, and we try to find ways to continue to grow that. 401(k) was a great example. We went after larger market conversions early. And for 401(k), for many, many years actually, we just took brand-new plans. And so there's just a lot of opportunity in all of it. It's -- I think gives us a lot of runway for years ahead.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think, one, we've -- it's still -- to start with, most of the time, it's still going after the base and coming in behind it. And what we've done there is get much more specific on what each group is selling. So again, the 401(k) market was -- we had a lot of folks in 401(k) sales very good at selling brand-new plans, first time I ever had a 401(k), et cetera. Then we went more to kind of smaller but still conversions. Now we go to larger market conversions, it requires a different tenure, I think -- I guess I'd say of talent in the sales organization to sell a large market plan. And we also sell much more into financial advisors. So we'll go to a financial advisor who we would normally sell a plan to the client and then say you need a financial advisor and here's one you could talk to. Now we're building more relationships with the financial advisors, and there's an opportunity there to pick up even more business from the advisor, not just per client but maybe by advisor. So it's to us, for the most, it's changing some strategies to get much more specific on what you're trying to sell, and then look for the -- a different skill also, to some degree and experience. And we've been very successful on that, I think, is the biggest part. Then you'll see probably more of a shift of as we look at a client that comes in that might have more employees, that you go at that client with a full bundle. We're doing a little bit more of that now as opposed to just our traditional model of sell payroll and then sell everything else after on a kind of 30-day, 60-day, 90-day type of thing. So I think we're trialing a lot of different ways to sell it, to increase that opportunity.
Martin Mucci: No. I'd say it's still fairly early on that to say it. But I think the data point is when you're seeing the growth in HRS continue at double digits and 12% and numbers like that, it's showing continued great momentum. Because the client base isn't growing as quickly, obviously, over the last few years because of the economy, yet that HRS continues to drive into that product, into that base. I think that's the best data point I'd give you is that we're still seeing really solid growth there and bringing guidance up a little bit because of the execution.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think -- no, I think that the competition, the competitive environment is probably as strong as it's ever been because there's been some consolidations over the last few years, and I think they've -- therefore, I think the competition is pretty strong. I do think that we've executed much better, as I said earlier. I think we've got a better focus. I think we've got a great product. We've also -- we improved the technology and the product there with probably 18 months ago or so and got a stronger product set. And so between the product set, the leadership and the execution and the last thing I was -- and the market, this -- the whole health care reform environment, I think all of those have led to us doing better in the market overall. So I think the market -- I think the whole PEO market is positive to begin with. But I also think between product technology and execution on sales and operations, we've done a lot better.
Martin Mucci: I think it's a little bit of both. I think, obviously, we sell it as -- there's a total outsourced solution, that we're giving you support from an HR perspective. And I think that the insurance side adds a strong additive to that. You start with the HR. But I think the fact that, right now, in particular, with so much concern and confusion over health care, I think that's kind of throwing -- it's kind of throwing people on the value set overboard to make the decision to go with it. So I think it's a combination. But I think, certainly, the health care confusion is helping a lot, drive you to the PEO versus an ASO.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think it's -- on one side, it's going to be -- it's a little bit of both. On one side, it's the threat as we talked about on the small business side. I think at the exchanges, you assume, over the next year, they'll get in better shape and they'll offer competitive rates. I think that they will draw some small businesses to them. And I think that -- but I think, on our side, the partnership we did was actually more toward -- around the benefit card that we offer that allows you to combine flexible spending accounts and health savings accounts and reimbursements accounts altogether, because that's a big confusion point for our clients and their employees, and tying that then to a private exchange partner of ours. Right now, there's some confusion out there now because there's -- but with some changes in the flexible spending account rules as to whether you could do tax deferred or tax -- yes, I guess I'd say tax deductible, really, kind of payments into these plans. And that's -- so those rules are kind of changing right now, and we're trying to work through that. But generally, I'd say the exchanges are going to be a little bit of a negative for us. But overall, because of the way we'll partner, I think it'll be positive or a nonevent in the long run.
Martin Mucci: Not -- I would say a little bit. We're -- I think southeast and west, I think where the housing, that's helping a little bit, give us a little strength there as the housing is coming back a little bit there, the new home construction and so forth. But that's helping on the new business side. But other than that, not a big difference.
Martin Mucci: I'd say it's pretty much the same at this point. I don't think you're -- I think with the economy the way it is, even though our selling is moving more toward that, you're still seeing people be a little bit cautious and maybe buying in over time additional products. It's still been -- it's still we're seeing, generally, you buy something, you build some confidence with them and then you can sell on to the next -- the value of the next product and so forth. Now with some clients you can go in right upfront and say, "Look, I can sell you an ASO offering because you're a client that has a lot of turnover." You're a restaurant or a service organization that has a lot of turnover. You have a lot of issues with whether employees are exempt or non-exempt. It depends on the client. But generally, I don't think it's changed too much yet, overall.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think it's a little bit of both, I think, certainly, we've had great execution and leadership. I think there's a lot of new leadership in the team. I think they're doing very well, and they're continuing to drive, I think, a real accountability and commitment. We've always had that, but I think it drives it even more. And they're giving them a lot of support in the field. But I also think, certainly, the product having service satisfaction numbers at an all-time high and continue to be there, our operation teams, that really gives them a value to sell and then you get more referrals that way. And certainly, the technology, the mobility platform, we're just seeing an increasingly number of clients that are using the mobility platform, their employees and the clients, whether they're gaining -- getting information, getting their pay stubs. And all of that starts to give you not only better value for referral to sell, but also it improves the retention as well.
Martin Mucci: I think we said on the retention, it was -- at our highest levels, it was over 81. It was over 81, which would be our highest -- I think that's the last number we gave out.
Martin Mucci: Absolutely, but that's flattening out now. That was a big improvement over the last couple of years. And now, that's not as much the issue anymore, that -- we're not gaining as much on that.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Well, even a little less. Like improvement from those going out of business is certainly less improvement, I guess I'd say, than last year.
Martin Mucci: I think it's always -- to me, it's always integration of all your products, making it easier to integrate. It's -- we've introduced, in the mid-market space, some kind of the integrated solution of people, for example, a place where it's just easier from any -- whether you're in time and attendance, HR administration or payroll, that you can easily pull an icon down for people and make all your changes very quickly, kind of in a pop-up screen, and then it'll fill in all 3 of those services. It's always going to be about making though -- whatever the client needs easier and more integrated across the multitude of products that we have. So integration of products, ease of use, user interface and mobility will be our continued focus. And then, of course, as we acquire or do things like Kashoo, it'll be how do we integrate those more and more into our product set, so anything we buy and expand, how do we integrate those more into our product set as well. We'd like any client to take full product suite, obviously, and make it very easy for them to move between products and look at the experience as one total product.
Martin Mucci: Yes. We've seen that pretty consistently that more local players -- but -- and I think we've done about the same as we always have with the other national competitor, maybe a little better lately, but that's pretty close. They take some and -- from us, and we take some from them. And -- but the regional players, it's more difficult for them to have the product suite, the breadth of products, as well as the technology and the mobility platform, which is becoming so much more popular now.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I would say they're performing at or above where we expected. It's still fairly early, but we're -- not only from their organic standpoint, themselves, but also tying them into us. We're feeling pretty good. We're pretty careful. We look at a lot and acquire a few, and then we are very tight on the integration and the work and the execution work. We follow it very closely. So all of them are doing as well or better than the business cases that we put forth.
Martin Mucci: I would just say that I think -- the -- they're probably more online. But the interesting thing with us is we offer that dedicated payroll specialist to you. And this week, you may -- and we really encourage the fact that this week, we may call you -- the payroll specialist who's dedicated and knows your business will call you and get your information and work with you. The next week, you may want to do your own payroll online and then you may want call them with a question. The next week, you could do it on your mobile phone. So we are seeing more interest in online and -- but still with that dedicated specialist. So they don't -- they can do it but they have help whenever they need it, if they want to do it. But we're really at work to give them their freedom to do what they want, when they want, kind of where they want. And so we offer them that dedicated person, and yet, they have all the opportunity. So we've seen online usage and input increase a little bit.
Martin Mucci: Okay. At this point, we'll close the meeting. If you're interested in replaying the webcast, it will be available till approximately January 20. I thank you for the -- taking the time to participate in our second quarter press conference call and for your interest in Paychex, and we wish you all a very happy holiday season. Thank you.
Mark S. Marcon: Just wondering, with regards to the strength that you're seeing on the core, could you talk a little bit about where you're seeing that specifically in terms of really small end? I'm talking about sub-7s versus your traditional core versus MMS.
Mark S. Marcon: Okay, great. And then are you also benefiting from a reduced number of companies going out of business just because...
Mark S. Marcon: Okay. And then last question, just with regards to the new sales on the core. Of the 50% of the clients that aren't brand-new businesses, they're obviously doing something from a payroll perspective. Has there been any shift in terms of who you're taking clients from? It would seem that just as the technology investment goes up, it makes it more and more difficult for some of the locals to keep up.
