Martin Mucci: Great. Thanks, Efrain. Yes, as we've talked about that Investor Day, we think it's a great opportunity. This will be the first one that Paychex has had, certainly, in many, many years, and we look forward to elaborating on our story and our future.  So with that, Tanya, I'll open it up to any questions.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think anytime you see it for the first time, you want to be a little bit careful. And -- but we're certainly pleased with it because it has turned in this important selling season. I think the sales folks did a great job. And -- but I guess I'd say, we're kind of being conservative in waiting and seeing how the next 2 quarters come out. But we certainly were feeling good about the increase since it's the first time in a couple years.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think, we don't give -- Jason, we don't give that much out. But I will give you the sense that we feel we've -- it's always been a strong channel for us. We've seen this one come back stronger so where you see new business starts. When you look at the sales increase and you see new business starts still fairly flat year-over-year, sales from new business starts, so we know that's still a challenging environment. So we stepped up the communications with the CPAs, which are a very important channel to us, and the value that we add. I would say, that the number of CPAs that are referring are probably up a little bit. But I would say, that generally what we're seeing is more referrals from the CPAs that we've been in contact with and have relationships with.
Martin Mucci: Sure. I think Mark has been spending a lot of time in the field. And he has been out talking to all of the sales reps and the different divisions, the leadership. He has spent a lot of time making sure that the changes we made last year -- beginning of the fiscal year, including the new compensation plan for the core payroll sales reps, have been working well. He has been making sure that we're executing on the training initiatives, as well as all of the support tools that we have given the sales force. We gave them higher-speed tablets over a year ago and have put sales force and so forth on those. He has also brought back to the marketing and support teams in sales the additional things that are needed, so we're doing some new things on sales demos and some other support tools. I think he is extremely active, fitting in extremely well and really getting a great handle on it. I think the biggest thing is just making sure that the focus is on execution, not only in units, but on revenue per client and that we're continuing to grow in all markets that we can.
Martin Mucci: No, I wouldn't say that. I think what we're doing is focusing on maintaining that. You always have the competition out there. And we thought we did well in the third quarter against our competition, frankly, all competitors, and that you're always balancing pricing and discounting. And he's keeping a focus on -- the focus is on executing both unit sales and that you keep the revenue per client that we're expecting.
Martin Mucci: We don't give the number specifically, but I'll tell you that it's in the low 30%, 30% to 33%, and that's back to historic levels. So we're pleased that, as I said earlier, that all of the actions that have been taking place and then Mark coming in and the leadership team that is out there is really driving this retention back to the historical levels. We'd like to see it get even better, but it certainly is back down significantly from last year.
Martin Mucci: Well, the focus -- I guess, I'll just start and then let Efrain jump in. I think the focus certainly is on growth. The challenge for us always is the growth. Finding the high growers is good, but the margin -- that have margins like us are not. They're tougher to find, but we're looking across the entire landscape. Anything that can assist and drive value to our small- and medium-sized business clients, I think, is important to us. And we've really kind of searched the gamut anywhere from the PEO business to payroll companies to product add-ons. And that's what's -- and I think, as you can see, we've been much more aggressive the last 1.5 years on that between SurePayroll and ePlan and now Icon for the clock for us and the time clock. So we'll continue to look. And anything that's a good deal, we'll certainly go after.
Martin Mucci: Yes, it's a good question. I think it's a mix of both. I think, when you look at the macro environment, we don't see new business formations picking up much. They're still pretty flat. And in the sales from those new business formations have pretty flat. Where we're seeing an increase is coming from search engine marketing, where I think we're doing a much better job marketing the company and attracting those leads, as well as the CPA channel. So I think that there's a macro piece that's picking up slightly in certain areas of the country. It seems to be getting a little better but not a lot. And then I think there's just better execution and better focus on the CPA channel and some of the things that we've been doing with the sales force and that the leadership has been driving there is starting to pay off, so I think it's a balance.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think we've been very pleased with the plans that we've put in place and been able to hit the targets for us. Definitely, it's a SaaS-based focus. It is making sure that our clients have the ability to do what they want to do when they want to do it and where. We've been very pleased with the feedback on our single sign-on page, where we've integrated. So you're going to see more online, more SaaS, more integration of data in products. There are single sign-on and landing page we did back in the fall. We got very good feedback from clients, where they can see all their services online and maneuver around those services much easier. They have -- the iPad app has been very popular. And the Android app just released, I think, will go over well. We built those also very carefully to optimize whatever piece of equipment that the client is using. That's a little bit different than some of our competitors, and we feel that the smartphone app that we'll come out with in June will be superior. And again, it's that ease-of-use. So as we focus out beyond that, we continue to work on what we call Paychex next-generation, and that's the technology that will continue to more integrate our services and just make it easier and bring more value to our clients. That's really the simple answer.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we've actually -- they're doing fine. They have continued to do well on the sales side, and they are focused really on their market. We've left them somewhat separate on purpose because they are a SaaS offering and they appeal to the do-it-yourself market. The whole reason that we acquired and brought them into the Paychex family was to be part of this growing manual market that now this do-it-yourself that's doing it manually will now come over to a SaaS-based model. And so while our sales forces can and do trade leads and so forth but that's really at a minimal level, and it's more that our sales force is focused on that one that wants to outsource, that client that wants to outsource. And the SurePayroll SaaS model is really more driven by Internet lead search, and they go directly to them and they're sold over the phone. But they're on target. They're growing well, and we're pleased with the performance that, that group is doing.
Martin Mucci: No, we haven't. We saw that as -- they were pretty well set up in the pricing plans that they had in the model and in the way that they're competitive there, so we have not changed their pricing. We're always looking at it for fiscal '13, but I don't see any major changes to their pricing model or their approach in fiscal '13.
Martin Mucci: Yes, it's kind of all in the mix of -- as Efrain said, we're in the middle of our plan for next year, so it's all in the middle of the pricing and the discounting. All are intertwined, so we're not at a point yet where I think we'd say how we see that coming out in '13.
Martin Mucci: So the increase that we're talking mid-single digits is gross sales kind of third quarter over third quarter, and then the losses are about 5% better third quarter over third quarter. And as Efrain said, as we've been saying pretty much all year, we feel good that we're turning on the client growth. We're going to get back around flat pretty close and -- but it -- which is much better than where we've been in the last 3 years.
Martin Mucci: No. I think the environment is pretty much the same. I think most of that comes from the largest -- the national competitor but not always. Sometimes there's regional players as well. But I think the environment has not changed much at all.
Martin Mucci: It depends on the mix of clients as well that are coming in and out of the base. So if you start selling smaller clients, not that we've changed really our selling. But sometimes as jobs come back, sometimes they come back in the smaller clients, sometimes they come back in the larger clients. So depending on who you're selling in your mix of your base, that can adjust that as well. But there's some correlation, but it also has to do with mix year-over-year.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we're really just getting started with that over the last year or so, and we saw that as a chance to bring the development in-house. They have a small team. We can add to that. We can make changes faster to the clocks that we want to make that integrate faster with our products, and we've also found it to be a very good product. So we wanted to be sure we had full control over it. So -- but it won't have a material impact right off the bat, but it is selling pretty well.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we're just trying to be -- on that one, we're trying to be clear that you have obviously both price increases and discounting. But it wasn't that it got offset, it was definitely net positive.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think it always gets a little bit -- if you look third quarter to third quarter, it gets always a little bit more aggressive because it's a big selling season for all payroll providers. So -- but we didn't see anything different, I'd say, selling season to selling season.
Martin Mucci: I don't remember the last time it was under 30%, but it was -- it peaked over 40%, just slightly over 40% last year. So now we're back down into that, let's say, 31% to 33%, so we're in that. And historically, it's always been, at least in the last 10 years, between 30% and 33% for core payroll.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think in the short term, I think it will probably right in that historical range. I think in the longer term, certainly, hoping to see that closer to 25% to 30%. I don't think you can go -- with the driving force that we have in that sales team and the effort of farming for new business all the time, I think probably 25% to 30% is the best you're going to do. But we feel good about the recruiting and the training initiatives we put in place and certainly the leadership team and that, that will drive it closer to 30% and a little bit below.
Martin Mucci: I'd say about the same or maybe slightly smaller but pretty close to the same. There was not a big change in type -- in size of client.
Martin Mucci: We don't see any surprises with it. I think the big piece over there, the checks and as we've talked about that will moderate as an increase year-over-year. And so we've got new clients that we had a good quarter, kind of a nice turnaround, I think, on improving. We don't know if that's going to continue the next 2 quarters or not. We want to be conservative and see what's happening there and -- but we certainly think we still have pricing power. We think we have -- obviously, I think the macro environment is slightly better, but it's still slow. So I think we're going to be in the range of where we've been year-to-date.
Martin Mucci: Well, that's a great question. I definitely think it's making us more competitive. That's the spend now. Competitors always -- obviously, good competitors that we have try to stay up and above and past us. But with the way we've laid this out, we feel that will make ourself very competitive, and that's what the spend is all about is really being sure that we're ahead of the competition in what we're offering of value to our clients. So when does that start to pay off? I think hopefully very soon because we're making good investments that I -- and what I'm really proud of is the technology is coming out, so it's not like waiting 3 years to get something. Every -- about every 6 months or so, we're producing something that we said we were going to produce on time and of high quality. So I think, obviously, you got to wait to see it, but I think that it will start to show up obviously in the next year or so.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think the focus was on -- that we ran, particularly last year, was the health insurance rates. And so we've been working with the carrier to get more effective rates by market. Also, we've worked on truing up our underwriting process. It's been a good process but probably have been very tight, and so that makes it difficult sometimes for the sales process and so forth. And so we're working together with the carrier on the underwriting, as well as our sales teams. A lot of these things we've put in place. It's just been a little bit more challenging environment. And then as Efrain mentioned earlier, the important thing is that, that sales force has options to them to sell to the client, particularly they have an ASO model or the PEO model. And there's really nothing wrong with the ASO model being sold to them. And so I think that, that's been something that they've been more aggressive on is selling the ASO model, and that's done very well of this year. So I think one of the things we're looking at is how do we make sure that the incentives are correct for sales team as well to be sure that the client -- that everything, all is equal there for them selling each product. If one is easier than the other to get through the process and have the successful sale, that's the way they'll go. And right now, I think that was the ASO model.
Martin Mucci: But it was -- the main thing there, Brian, that I think we wanted to demonstrate to give you some sense of it was that it's the first time that, that's increased in over 2 years in that selling season in that third quarter, and we are very pleased with that. We don't really disclose versus plan, but we certainly felt good that it was an increase over the previous 2 third quarters.
Martin Mucci: No, I always want -- we always want more client growth. And so -- but I think that we were pretty pleased with the turn and the fact that it improved over the last couple years, the macro environment as we see it hasn't changed all that much. It's just been this steady kind of better, but new business formations still have not improved much. And so to be able to sell more without that, I think that, that's been our focus and so we were pleased with it.
Martin Mucci: That's a good question. I think they're all having a piece of it in improving things. I think the comp plan was good. I think that's been positive since the beginning of the year. I think it's made it much cleaner and clearer for the sales reps to sell and know what they're going to make, so that's been very positive. I think the training has been good. I think that picks up more on the new reps that are coming in, and I think the leadership development has been very important. And I think the leadership team, including Mark Bottini and his team, have done very well on leadership development. So I think it's all of those, I can't point to one thing, and it's fine-tuning. I think it's just continual work on those things for better execution. But I think that I don't see any one of those I guess I'd say is not hitting the mark. I think it's just the degree that they've hit the mark, so we'll continue to work on all those. I'd say the primary one has continued to be leadership development. I think the best thing to execute better is to have great leaders, managers out there who are supporting the reps. And that keeps the -- that definitely has driven the turnover back down because when you've got a good leader, you stay plugged in and you execute. And that's really important to us. So I'd say the leadership development is what we continue to really focus on. The rest of things, I think, are going pretty well, and they may have tweaks for next year, but I don't see anything major.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think okay. I think there's some adjustments we can make. And as Efrain said, we're working through the fiscal '13 plan now, and that's all encompassed in there. So we're finalizing our thinking on that and probably could give you more a quarter or so from now, but there'll be some tweaking there but again, nothing major. The good news is I don't see major, major changes being made but I think we could -- there's always pricing adjustments and packaging and discounting and so forth that you look at. So I don't think it's hurt us dramatically, but I think we could do a little better there, and you'll see some change there.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think exactly what Efrain said, it's 20%-plus growth. We see that continuing. I think there's been a little pressure on the commission side of it, in the health side because of health care reform. That's -- we'll know by next quarter a pretty good sense of at least what the Supreme Court is going to do and whether that has changes to it. We are developing backup plans to say, "Okay, if that changes the environment, how do we react to it?" Because I think we've got a very successful product there in business. As far as margins, we don't really talk about that as a separate business, so we've never really gotten into that one as specific.
Martin Mucci: I would say not much change. As we've mentioned, even during the selling season, we're always a little bit more aggressive competitively but not much change in the overall environment for pricing or discounting.
Martin Mucci: And I think, as we've continued to say, that the environment really has not changed very much so -- from a pricing and competitive standpoint. So there's not -- there hasn't been any big surprises there that would change much.
Martin Mucci: Great. Well, at this point, we'll close the conference call. If you're interested in replaying the webcast of this call, it will be archived until April 30. I want to thank you for taking the time to participate in this third quarter call and for your interest in Paychex. Have a great weekend. Thank you.
Efrain Rivera: Jason, we haven't obviously completed our plans for 2013, but I think that what we recognize is that we need to continue to invest in technology. I think we've done a good job over the past, certainly, 3 to 4 years of offsetting that with other efficiency increases. So our intention going into the planned period is that we'll continue to spend at a reasonably high level and look for offsets in other parts of the P&L.
Efrain Rivera: Julio, this is Efrain. Without going through a plan -- but the reason why I hesitate is we're not -- we're in the middle of a plan process. So the answer to your question is sure, there's one thing that could. We could have initiatives that we decide we want to fund that could cause us in a given year to say, we're not going to create margin expansion. And also, it depends on the mix of sales we're delivering. So we're still -- it's still early to be able to make that call. But in a normalized year, we would be able to leverage. It depends on what initiatives we decide will be part of this year's planning cycle.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, and I agree. The HRS space, obviously, is very active at the moment. Valuations are very high. But we look in both core payroll and also on the HRS side for products that are interesting and would be good add-ons, both from a standpoint of being easy to sell through our sales force and value to clients.
Efrain Rivera: No, it's not. And we've said, Joe, that this year would be slightly dilutive. It will start to get better in the outer years, mostly because with the roll-off with the amortization of intangibles.
Efrain Rivera: You know what, Kartik, I don't have a good read on that. I think for planning purposes, we may make that assumption as we go through the year, still kind of deciding what we think we'll get out of any price increase we take. So I think it's fair to say that we're looking at that closely.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, Kartik, this is sort of an answer to your question and also a partial answer to Julio's question. Marty has made the point in the past that we do think in this environment, it's important to keep powder dry. There are opportunities out there that we are looking at, and that's not to flag any individual opportunity but the pipeline, there are -- has provided us with some opportunity. Now we are pretty selective as to what we go for and probably turn down many more than most companies. So we are attempting to balance one, leaving ourselves with enough ready cash to move quickly because that's an advantage we perceive in the market, with returning -- not leaving too much cash on the balance sheet because the asset returns, obviously, are not great. We have -- I would say, we have a very robust dialogue with the board on that issue. They are the ultimate arbiters as to how cash will be deployed. But as you -- as we've said, as we get closer to $1 billion and we don't have a ready use for the cash, then we have to entertain a number of ways to return cash back to shareholders. And I think our history has indicated we'll do that.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, let me just aggregate that, Glenn, because there's a number of pieces there. So when I say mid-single digits, I'm talking about revenue growth. I want to make that clear, sales growth, and I'm focusing particularly on the core payroll portion of the business. Obviously, other parts of the business have been growing very nicely. We had a particular focus this quarter on core payroll results. So that's part -- what Marty alluded to was a continuation in the trend of fewer client losses. We also saw that in the quarter. So in order to get to a revenue number, obviously, you have to take the sales units that you have less the losses. I think what we've been saying through the year is that after 3 years, where we were down both 3%, 3% and 1%, down in the last 3 years. We think that this year is going to be flattish in terms of client base.
Efrain Rivera: Glenn, as you know, we've had this question now for probably 3 quarters. We know if we step back and look over several quarters, the trend has been down. We, frankly, thought that the checks per client -- the checks per payroll, I should say, would be down a little bit more than it was in the quarter. So it's decelerating more slowly than we thought. So we just -- we think that a combination of comps and the fact that at our average payroll size, you can't keep adding clients forever, that at some point that trend runs its course.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, look, we traditionally go into every planning cycle looking for a leverage of about 100 basis points at least and some years higher than that. In years where we did even higher than that, we had the tailwind of higher interest expense which -- I should say, interest income, which we don't have. So it will be more year-by-year in terms of what we target, and it will be balanced out by a need to continue to invest in technology and any other initiatives that we think will foster growth.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I think we'll talk more about it then, Ashwin. But I would say this, locking yourself into one margin target, we'll talk about it, what we think it will be on a more normalized basis. Locking in here before we've gone through a planning cycle is a little bit difficult. And longer term, we prefer to lay that out in the context of what we think makes sense in terms of investment for growth in the future.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, well my view is the following, that our approach has always been to preserve liquidity and safety first. So we have a challenge in terms of doing that and increasing the yield on the portfolio. Having said all of that, we will look at any opportunities that we think improve that yield commensurate with very high levels of safety and liquidity.
Efrain Rivera: Gary, that's a good question. Look, Paychex is a battleship and not a speedboat. And so the turn occurs very, very slowly. And the ramp occurs slowly, both on the upside and frankly, on the downside. It takes a while for those revenue numbers to make it through the client base. You have to increase the client base, increase the client revenue and then hold it over a period of time for it to start to see -- make its way into revenue. And so it's slower rather than faster.
Efrain Rivera: Well, that's an interesting modeling exercise. I think we're going through that in our planning process now, and there will be some level of offset. How much, I can't say at this point.
Efrain Rivera: Well, Gary, we haven't done the correlation. We know from some modeling work that we've done that, that metric tracks to some extent what's going on in the broader economy. The problem is it's just a slice, not the entirety of it. And I can't cite a correlation number. We haven't done that level of modeling.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, if we go back to Q3 of last year, you'll remember we mentioned that high health care costs within our PEO, and it's a bit more specific to the PEO business, had impacted that business we -- and in the PEO business you get one shot. It's either gain or lose clients at the end of calendar year. Typically, people are making that decision, as many of you know. We went into that season with what we thought were pretty competitive rates. It turned out that they weren't as competitive as we thought. And PEO didn't have a good selling season in the third quarter. Having said that, 2 things, I think, are important, Tim, to remember about that. The first is that the PEO is one part of a 3-part offering. We talked about HR Essentials, and we talked about the ASO. The ASO is now doing very well and is much larger than the PEO. And the way we have chosen to go to market is to say to a client, we offer you a variety of options in terms of how you want to handle your HR outsourcing. And if an ASO offering is a better option for you, we'll go there. We're not steering you to the PEO option. Others in the market do something slightly different. What we found is that people are tending to go with the ASO option. Even though fully loaded, the ASO and the PEO don't differ all that much in terms of costs. But for us at least, the PEO's performance has been very sluggish.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, it was estimation. When I came in with the finance team, I asked a number of questions with respect to the computation of it. We took a look at it and saw that there was some refinements we could make on the methodology. It boosted it slightly.
Efrain Rivera: I think the way we think about it, David is that -- and Marty, I think, was careful to point this out, third quarter was certainly better than it's been in previous years. We need a couple of quarters of comparable growth to basically say, "Yes, it looks like the ship has turned." I think, our going-in assumption for looking out 6 to 12 months is that, that period is going to look fairly comparable to the past 6 to 12 months.
Efrain Rivera: David, I guess the best answer I can give you without having gone through the planning course finalizing, we're in that range.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. And David, I guess I would not characterize our current spending as catch-up spending for what we needed to do to catch up to where competition is. And I think that we're working on things, frankly, that will put us ahead of competition. Now whether we will see that in the next -- the time frame for doing that, we'll talk a little bit more about that probably in the summer.
Efrain Rivera: That's -- yes, as we talked about in the Q, a chunk of that's the PEO. But Jim, I'd just caution, if you look at last year and you included the ASO employees of Q3, you would have seen a slight decline in the Q2 to Q3 comparison. And the reason for that is that you just tend to lose more clients in Q3. Normalized last year, you would have lost about 3,000 work site employees. This year, it was about 6,000, mostly driven by the PEO.
Efrain Rivera: That's right. So that wasn't initially in the press release in Q3 last year. We didn't adjust for HRE then until Q3 -- until the Q3 press release. But when you were looking at it from Q2 to Q3 -- and I forgot which one of you pointed that out, that this was the first year of sequential decline in work site employees. That, frankly, was our bad because we revised it, but you'd have to look at a number of sources to figure that out.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. And the other thing, Bryan, as you know, it's not just what you sell but also what you retain. We had [Audio Gap] comes with market share.
Efrain Rivera: Both. So we charge an administrative fee for the setup of and the record keeping for the 401(k) plans. A smaller but still reasonable amount of that revenue stream comes from asset fees. Let me tell you just one other thing, Sara, just to clarify, those will decline over time.
Efrain Rivera: Really, no real changes in terms of the trends you've seen in the first 3 quarters. I think that we disclosed the interest rates and size of the portfolio average client. But then also, you can pretty much guesstimate where we're going to end up.
Efrain Rivera: And Mark, one other thing I'd add on that is that here on a quarterly basis, we look at where our packages are. We look at where our discounting is. And we tweak, and we pile it and we look at different options in terms of what seems to work in a given situation. We especially do that going into the selling season so that we're in the best competitive position. And we obviously keep one eye out on what the competition is doing. It's really important, and I think we've learned this, to not stay too stagnant in your offering and not stay too stagnant in your pricing approach because our competition's pretty sophisticated in terms of what they do, and we keep an eye on that.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, it's a good way to get at next year's guidance, so here's what we're looking at, Mark. So what we look at is we look at the environment coming out of the year. We've had a good -- a reasonably good quarter. We're cautious about where we end the year at. That will determine whether we're flat, slightly down or slightly positive to end of the year. So that's one element. Second, is we make a call on what we think the discounting environment is going to be in going forward and decide what we think of whatever price increase, which we had not decided, by the way, at the moment yet, will stick and won't. And then third, we have to make a decision with respect to what we bake in on checks, and that's a bit of a wild card at the moment in our crystal ball. Your crystal ball is probably just as good as ours, although we probably wouldn't use it. We'll develop our own scenario. You put all those together and we see an environment that's not too dissimilar from the one we've seen this year. That's our going-in assumption. That's about as far as I can go.
Efrain Rivera: X acquisition, so first quarter was 4, second quarter was 2.8, this quarter was 4. So call it mid to high 3. And then when all is said, we're going to be about 1.5 to 2 points from SurePayroll.
Efrain Rivera: What I'd say about insurance -- I'll let Marty fill out my comments, is that while we highlight health and benefits, there's actually other parts of that business that include workers' comp, they are having a tremendous year so far. They've done very, very well. And we had excellent leadership in place driving that -- the insurance business. There is some uncertainty, obviously, depending on what happens with health care reform. We assume that we'll continue to do well in that business. We've been growing 20%-plus, that's what we assume going forward. Obviously a little of that is subject to a heavy caveat based on what comes out of the current court proceedings.
Efrain Rivera: Well, I would say, if you look at where we -- how we've been spending over the past year or 2, I don't anticipate dramatic increases in spending. I think we're positioned to take advantage of an upturn if it comes. Now having said all of that, I do think that the price of being in this business demands that your technology get better and better, and that's not a surprise. And that's one reason why we continue to take business from local and regional competitors that just can't keep up. So I don't anticipate dramatic increases in spending. I think we are continuing to make the right and the appropriate investments to grow the company, but you do have to spend to keep up with technology.
Efrain Rivera: And the other thing I want to mention, that I think is important to remember for us compared perhaps to other companies is we have a very, very sophisticated operation in SurePayroll that does its business over the web, and it gives us an insight into the companies that are operating in exclusively a SaaS mode, what they're seeing and what their opportunities are. So we haven't seen any dramatic shifts.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I understand the question. I -- we can't specify that in part because some of it is competitive and proprietary, so we're going to take a pass on that one. By the way, Rod, not to be too dismissive with the question, it's fair. I think that you can get to certainly an approximation. We'll put out the data at year end. And you know we've been pretty open about what kind of price increase we have. So I think you'll be able to look at that price increase checks per client database, and I think you should get a pretty good feel for what that looks like.
Efrain Rivera: We haven't gone through the pricing discussion and plans, so we'll update you on our thinking. I will caution one thing, Rod. We will not give a specific price increase amount, just simply won't, and we have our competitive reasons for doing that. We'll simply indicate what we think what a general range will be, but we will not get into that anymore because it's too sensitive.
Joseph D. Foresi: I wonder if you could talk -- if we could just go back to the demand environment. It's obviously picked up a little bit here on the new sales front. Could you tell us if that's more macro driven or do you feel like maybe it's just kind of falling through because you got the sales force more organized? I know it's just one quarter, but I'm wondering if you could characterize it for us.
Joseph D. Foresi: Okay. And then secondly, just kind of looking at your technology rollout. It seems like you've hit some of your goals here at some of the mobile launches, et cetera. Maybe you could talk about what your plans are going forward and maybe what inning you are in the process of sort of updating the technology side of things.
Joseph D. Foresi: Okay. And then just lastly, maybe you could talk about SurePayroll and how that SaaS offering is going. Any numbers that you could share with us would be great and how you're integrating that into your sales process if there's any cross-selling.
