Martin Mucci: Yes, I think it’s still both. I think we are seeing not only for the innovation in bundling more things together, but also the normal price increase that we have given guidance on pretty consistently, is held up pretty well. So, we had our kind of normal annual price increase, and we have seen that hold up pretty well. And I think that’s part of where you are seeing management solutions -- is holding is better than we originally projected, it’s because of that. So, actually we have the pricing power both ways, I feel at this point.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think I will let Efrain speak to some of it, too, but the client retention has continued to be at our highest level. So we are feeling very good. We ended last year with a record high, and we continued right through the first quarter. So, we feel very good about the client retention piece of it and then there were a few other changes that Efrain wants to speak to.
Martin Mucci: Well, yes, I think we definitely have been repositioning the company from a couple of standpoints. One is from a tech perspective, the company is much more – Paychex is much more of a technology company now providing service as well than it has been in the past, and all the investments are really paying off like the things that I listed out. This is and it’s impacting not only the clients in their retention and their value and satisfaction, but also the employees of the clients. So, our business and the products that we are introducing very much focuses on the employees, and it’s kind of perfect timing for a market that’s difficult to hire and retain employees for small and midsized businesses. So, the fact that you have a 401(k) for example is that you can sign up for – participants can sign up for clicks on a mobile app that’s a 5-star rated app and makes it easy to sign up.  That participation is up double-digits as that drives better retention of 401(k). That also drives retention of the employees and it’s better for the clients. The other positioning of the company is certainly more to HR. The sales process today is very much about an HR overall need than it is for payroll by itself and we have been positioning the company that way whether it’s through PEO or frankly through the power of kind of over 3,000 sales people. We use the power of those 3,000 sales people to not necessarily the old way sell payroll then call them back for other services, but basically look at their needs upfront and sell the value of HR in the full product suite that Paychex can offer upfront. So definitely the company has been – we have been repositioning the technology side of it and the HR side of it and that has made a big difference as payroll has become more or less – more of a commodity type of thing and the need of the client has been much more about HR retirement, the HR generalist. We have 600 HR generalists now out there serving the worksite employees that we serve either PEO and ASO. It’s a huge need now given the changes in regulations in complexity.
Martin Mucci: Well, we don’t break it down too much that we get past selling season in the next quarter or so when we have a better sense of the year, but definitely, as Efrain mentioned the mid-market sales in particular, we saw very strong growth and this has been more of a challenge in the last couple of years for us. Once we got the investments in technology and product out there, we also have very solid leadership team in that mid-market and we performed extremely well in that first quarter. So, I would say certainly the PEO, the retirement business, etcetera, but when you look at the mid-market stands out certainly from the start of the year and actually as we ended last year as well, but this first quarter was really strong in the mid-market. And that’s a real positive to us because we had, certainly over the last couple of years, hadn’t been quite as strong as we thought we needed to be and we are very pleased with where we started out.
Martin Mucci: Well, the end of this calendar year, we will have the kind of pay-on-demand so to make sure that we are clear on that. So the pay-on-demand obviously offers employees of clients the ability to take some wages out earlier than waiting for their 2-week period or etcetera, real-time payments we see coming in early 2020. We think we will be one of the first, if not the first, to offer real-time payments. This is really more of a accelerate – we offer same day ACH today. If you have a last minute change in your payroll, if you need to make some changes, if you need to do something at the last minute and be sure the funds are there and there is some charges for that and we expect there will be some charges for real-time payments which takes that to the next level of making it immediately available. Real-time ACH has – ACH same-day has some limitations from a timing perspective depending on banks and so forth and real-time payments will really kind of wipe out most of those limitations and you will be able to get funds in your employees’ accounts basically in real-time.
Martin Mucci: Yes, sure. I think it’s a little bit of both. I think certainly the product is the enhancements to Flex have been pretty significant, not only from the payroll side, but the integration side at all, some of the products and features that we discussed today even like the payroll grid offering many more options and making it just easier for them to use from a payroll standpoint, but the integration of the HR and I think the sales team and sales, so their effectiveness and the sales approach being much more about HR first instead of leading with payrolls coming in and offering the full suite of products that we offer. And then also as I mentioned today in the comments offering others to have – we have a full set of APIs to other providers of on-demand services and HR products and accounting products and that is getting broader and I think we see that as well. We certainly offer a one solution set. That’s the great thing about Paychex. We can have it all fully integrated into Flex if you want it, but if you are on an HR or an accounting system that you want to make sure you keep an interface into Flex, you can do that as well. So I think it’s that approach. I also think the employee approach, Jim, that I mentioned earlier, really doing things with the mobile app that is making self-service more available to their employees, not only their check stub, their W-2s, signing up and signing off on time in attendance, changing schedules, setting up your 401(k), all of that is adding a lot of value to the mid-market in particular and we are seeing that pay off for us. So we are very pleased with the first quarter start.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we are at the point of just finalizing all the combination of the sales teams and the service teams, but we feel like the integration has gone well and we are feeling very good about it. We are also, of course, with Paychex and with that integration, we have the insurance agency, the 21st largest in the country. So when underwriting, if it doesn’t fit the PEO, we have that option to take them through the insurance agency that some of the changes that Efrain mentioned as well, we are getting more through that insurance agency and that’s going as well. So you don’t want to turn down a client, that many times Oasis had to turn down in the past possibly over underwriting, we can now move them to the agency and offer them insurance through the agency itself. So, we feel good about the start here and the integration is certainly on track.
Martin Mucci: Yes, we have had – we have offered HRAs through – for some time, I don’t think even with the legislation that gives some support and credit, so I think it doesn’t seem like employers are going to run from traditional insurance plans to do the funding. We have offered those as I said for some time and seen – not have seen a great uptake. I think there are some businesses that do that, but I don’t think there will be any major shift that we would expect that, that’s going to happen from traditional insurance plans over to the HRAs.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think we reported our small business index yesterday and it actually we had an uptick from September to August. One month doesn’t make a year or trend, but job growth actually ticked up a bit and these were businesses under 50 employees and we saw some growth not only or improvement in the job growth, it’s still down about 1% less job growth from last year, but this was the first time we have seen an uptick in a couple of years where it moved up month to month. We also saw wages in hours worked up. So, wages looking pushed up from about 2.6% wage increase, the 2.8% and hours worked went up. So, I think small businesses are still feeling overall a little shaky on the economy and what’s going to happen, but generally they are getting good product demand for their services and there is still their biggest challenges hiring enough people to fulfill the demand. So we also did a business sentiment report and everything was positive, everything had gone up from the previous report probably 6 to 9 months ago that felt that it would be easier for them to – a little bit easier for them to hire, a little easier for them to get capital. So I think while the economy itself makes them a little cautious, I think that they are feeling like right now they are getting good product demand and their biggest challenge is hiring. So you saw the hours go up, because they are working with they have more to fulfill the demand and the wages are going up as they are trying to raise wages to get to pickup the employees. So, overall pretty positive actually with our latest report that just came out yesterday.
Martin Mucci: Yes. We have talked about tariffs and trade issues and we found in serving clients that about three quarters of that small businesses, are not impacted. Generally, they are regional businesses. They are the lawyer’s office, the doctor’s office, the restaurants, etcetera, the contractors, they are not impacted. The 25%, a quarter than our, have a little bit tougher time changing their supply chain and so forth, they don’t have the leverage of larger companies, but three quarters of them really don’t feel like they would be impacted by trade issues or tariff issues.
Martin Mucci: And less impacted we are than we used to be. If you went back to the last recession and we were primarily a payroll company, I think, we feel that really half of our revenue coming from non-payroll services and moving to more than half and from non-payroll that also changes kind of the impact to us as a company in a recession area.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I really haven’t seen any changes in the competitive market for PEO, and in fact, I think with Oasis and giving us some new markets, we’re in some new markets, it really comes down a lot of times from a competitive standpoint. So you’re not seeing something – you really I think more competitors I think it’s the same competitors and we’re a little bit larger obviously now at this point being the second largest, and I think it’s really the insurance plans, which we feel very good about having the insurance plans and of course the service that you provide with the HR specialist. And I think we’ve been able to demonstrate that we’ve been in this business for a long time both PEO and ASO, and by the way, we can offer either one of them that’s part of the new branding of Paychex One is the brand of our HR outsourcing. So you can go PEO, you can go ASO with us. We’ve been in this business for 20 years. We have 600 HR specialists out there and we have great insurance plans and we continue to expect to have those. And that’s really what it comes down to is, what’s the service model, what the insurance plans that you offer, what’s your history in the ability to offer that service. The competitive nature hasn’t changed much. I think we’re very well positioned to win in this market.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think certainly not as levered. It’s going to have some impact, but I think as Efrain mentioned earlier in a question probably more specifically on the PEO, payroll was, especially the small business payroll was very much tied obviously to new business start-ups and losses in businesses going out of business because of a tough economy. When you’re 50% or more and more of an HR time and attendance retirement etcetera, services non-payroll and not so focused on just the smallest clients. It’s going to have a different impact because in a recessionary period or a down turn of employment, you’re going to have a bigger need for HR, how do I retain who I have, how do I maybe lay off people, how do I make changes in cost structures. These are all from our clients perspective, there is a huge need for HR support, and other products and technology like self-service. When you think about 10 years ago, we didn’t have a mobile app that had much of it on a self-service from an employee basis and we can save – we’re now saving clients a lot of money and better – and giving them better productivity by saying, hey, if you want to change – if your employees want to change their address or change their deductions, etcetera, they can do it all on their phone by themselves now. They don’t need to call and go through, you call us etcetera. So the dynamics of the company and the clients and what they need us for has changed pretty dramatically and I think that – and certainly that was our positioning that we started moving toward many years ago to say, hey, you can’t just be a small business payroll company, you got to be an HR and a complete outsourcer to small and mid-sized businesses and that certainly is going to have much less of an impact if there is a recessionary time.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Bryan, I think we’ll announce that probably a little bit later as we get into the last quarter – calendar quarter of this year for the pay-on-demand and because I guess I just want to be sure we’re all together on before I announce it publicly who the partner is; there certainly is a partner there that we’re doing it with. And then real-time payments, it’s the same thing; one of the major banks, and I would wait until we get closer into the first part of the year just to make sure that everything is from a competitive standpoint, I don’t want to give out too much too early, but we have partners in both, fairly solid relationships, everything we feel is in place. I just would like to announce those more as we roll it out; one will be in the next really now we’re in October next couple of months and then one will be early 2020 for real-time payments.
Martin Mucci: So the attachment rate is pretty solid. It’s a continuation of the rates that this is – it cycles in and out, and we’re just in that cycle where there is lower workers’ comp rates and sales are OK. In fact, the attachment is up from last year on clients, but the rates are just lower and that driving in the revenue down and you got to kind of wait for the cycle back around.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think it’s going to be a little bit of both. They certainly can be referred and sold by the field sales force. We’re also going after it through the web and for leads and then the direct sales – telephonic sales force will be out selling it. We think it’s a big market from a sole proprietor standpoint. When you – we found is there is that need for the retirement product and of course the incorporation services, and then if you find that sole proprietor that needs payroll and we can incorporate payroll, a simple retirement product and incorporation, we think we’ve got a nice market there. It’s pretty new. It seems to be off to a good start, but I think we want to see it for a couple of quarters. But it has got a nice opportunity from that micro, this whole proprietor really marketplace as an offering, but it can be sold from a web lead, from telephonic sales or from the field as well. So we think we’ve got it covered across the field sales forces and we think we’ve got a nice tight clean product that will have some opportunity there for us.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think our view is really that still that under 1,000 – I mean, we’ll have some clients over 1,000 employees. But we focus – there is a big market and when you think about those mid-market, this 20 or 30 employees to 1,000 is a very big market that we think we’re very well positioned for. Certainly, we have been from a service perspective, personal service perspective, but also from now from the technology perspective in the breadth of services in the need for those HR services have come down in size so much over the last three to four years and I think we’ve been very well positioned for that. So really not looking to get into that 1,000 plus generally unless there’s a specific need that we can fill there, but we think that the best value, best margin and best approach for us is to stay very focused on a kind of 1 to 1,000 and specifically how we handle under 20 and how we handle 20, 30 to 1,000 is what’s really taking off from a technology API in breadth of offerings that we provide. That’s where the best margin is, that’s what I think we’re very well positioned from our experience and product set to be successful at.
Martin Mucci: Yes. They look pretty solid, Mark, particularly I’d say 5 to 10, we focus very much on virtual sales or telephonic sales and in driving those leads. We were doing the 1 to 4 leads internally with telephonic sales because of the speed from lead to close and we had a lot of success as we built the teams out for that last year. We moved the 5 to 9 leads, the majority of those inside the web leads to the inside sales teams for the same reason, we’re off to a good start, both on lead demand generation, the way we nurture those leads and get them to inside sales and then our handling those leads that also frees up the field sales forces to get more of the larger customers in that, let’s say, under 20 in that frees that small business rep team up to do that. So we’re seeing a good start to the year on that. Competitively, not seeing any big changes there we’re seeing kind of the same players. I know there is one that’s talking about that they’ve been going down market. I haven’t really – we haven’t really seen an impact of that much at all. I think again the investments that we made in the technology, the reputation we have for service to that under 20 really bodes very well for us. So I think it’s, we haven’t seen a big change in the competitive environment and actually, we’re off to a pretty good start we feel.
Martin Mucci: Yes. I think from – I’m glad you’re out there. The group is excited to demo everything at HR Tech. I think it’s always with us with a number of clients we have, it’s a small impact to start as we ramp up penetration rates and attachment rates. But I think it does bode well for ‘21 to get these things and see how we’re growing. From a sales force perspective, I think there could be continued growth there, but I think we’re also looking for continued productivity with the sales force. We have a very talented sales leadership team and sales force that is always looking to sell more products in the way we’re approaching as I mentioned earlier is the power of those 3,000 plus reps selling kind of all of our products, not just the yield traditional way where we would sell payroll first and come back and we’re finding much more success, whether it’s the small market or the mid-market kind of coming in looking for the value, the client is looking for overall, the needs that they have and selling that completely. So we may have some continued increase in reps, as we see opportunity and there’ll be also some increase inside and outside probably from a telephonic sales and field sales perspective.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think a couple of things; one, I think from a share perspective, the market has continued to grow. So the good news is while I think we certainly are doing well from a competitive close rate when we’re in there, the market itself is growing. So the need for HR has continued to come down in size, so clients that were looking for different solutions at 100, 200 to 300 employees are now looking for those at 50 employees or 40 or 30 employees. So meaning full time and attendance, you just see the over-time rule just came out and changed and put more focus on over-time. Clients will be looking for more time and attendance solutions. And when you can now have the technology of wearables and geo-fencing to say, hey, if they’re working remotely they’re working from home or another location, you can track all that and they can do it on their watch, all those things make you very viable to even a smaller client than used to think they could afford that kind of thing. And the smaller client needs it. So the market itself is growing from an HR and full service perspective, and then I think the competitive environment really hasn’t changed much. I don’t – there hasn’t been new competitors; different competitors have their strengths and weaknesses. And I think right now between the technology and the service model we have, I think it’s a very strong, and we do feel very good about the first quarter and I think what we feel like the momentum is there for certainly the rest of the year and beyond.
Martin Mucci: Yes. Good question. I think it does to some degree, although you still got to think about the mix of the clients. So with our mix still definitely toward the low end and with the growth of that under 20 market, that won’t change too dramatically, but it certainly gives us a much better retention tool when you think about also the mobile app in the tied to employees. The services that we’re selling more and more to the direct employees and how they’re using that mobile app really gives us kind of a fresh start on retention. But to the degree that a large majority of our clients are still under 20 and that base is still susceptible to start-ups and turnover and that kind of thing. So can we get retention better overall, I certainly we’re always looking to break records on it. I don’t think it will be huge though, given the makeup of the client base.
Martin Mucci: Operator, I think that’s it, right. Alright. At this point, we will close the call. If you’re interested in replaying the webcast of this conference call, it’ll be archived for approximately 30 days. Thank you for taking the time to participate in our first quarter press release conference call and for your interest in Paychex. Have a great day.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, thanks, Ramsey. So, I would say, just to be clear, the PEO business has been growing solid double-digits. So, it grew very well in the quarter. We knew that workers’ comp was coming up against a tough compare because much of the softness in workers’ comp occurred in the back half of last fiscal, and so it was a little bit more pronounced than we anticipated; that’s part one. And then part two is, in the PEO, the attachment of at-risk insurance impacts the revenue; it has no impact, there is very little impact I should say on margins. So, we saw a little bit less at-risk insurance attachment in the quarter. I would just mention that, that varies widely from quarter to quarter. So, you can find a big client that has a lot of work – I am sorry, that has a lot of healthcare attachment, the revenues go up. It really does – it changes your margin, but it doesn’t do much for the bottom line. So, we saw a little bit of softness on both of those.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So, Kevin, we saw, as Marty mentioned, strong retention in the quarter. We had strong rate meaning combination of discounts and price increases sticking those were good. We had increases in the client base. We had a lot of good things happen in the quarter that make us incrementally more bullish. I would say two other things that are important relative to the results in the quarter, the first is that we saw very good performance coming out of our mid-market segment on the sales side, which also helped. It was really not a significant contributor, but it made us incrementally more bullish going into the back half of the year. And the other thing I would say is that we saw strong performance coming out of our PEO business from a sales standpoint that also even though the revenue was a little softer, we feel pretty good about where we are at. By the way, just a final point on that, worksite employees – before I get the question, worksite employees – worksite employee growth was strong in the quarter.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So, Jim, so two parts of that. So the short answer is, no, but let me explain why because it’s important to understand. So, when some questions started to rise – started to get calls relative to what are you seeing with respect to worksite employee growth within existing clients, I did a deeper dive to understand what was going on and we are seeing solid worksite employee growth within existing clients. So, that was an issue that came up and was commented on. So we are not seeing any of that. That’s one. Second, if I look at worksite employee growth, worksite employee growth again has been solid in the quarter. So we are not seeing anything there. On the Oasis side, in order for us to get fully optimized on the sales side for Oasis, we are in the process of ramping our sales efforts there and I think that process is ongoing. So, it’s – there – I agree that it’s somewhat idiosyncratic the reasons for the slight modification in the guidance, but it has no – it really is not indicative of any changes both in demand patterns and in or the underlying market. If I called out the growth rate on sales in PEO I will just say this, it’s multiples of revenue growth. So that’s one reason why we feel pretty comfortable about where we are at.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I was just talking primarily on the sales side, the integration is going well and we are in the process of pulling it into the Paychex family growth.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So this is new legislation that makes it easier for employers to use HRAs as an alternative for funding of healthcare plans and the questions that have come up from investors around the impact on the PEO side of the ledger will this impact annual growth and we have looked at it and of course until it’s in place and people are actually having the opportunity to take advantage of HRAs in a different way, it’s – you can’t say 100%, but we feel pretty comfortable that should not have a significant impact on PEO growth.
Efrain Rivera: The other thing we said and Marty mentioned this yesterday is SMEs are typically a little less impacted by slowdowns in global trade. So that segment of the economy obviously larger multinationals and enterprise level companies are starting to feel the pinch. You are not feeling as much of that lower down the employee count. So, it’s not impossible to have results like this in one segment of the economy where you see more concerned and pessimism in another part of the economy.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So I think the first thing to understand that question is, what’s the average size, at least in our base, for PEOs and typically a PEO in our world is in the 25 to 30 employee range. So you’re comfortably out of the 20 and under-zone where you would tend to see more of an impact from a macro slowdown and what I mean by that specifically is 20 and above, you start to see a lot less impact from business failures in the event of a downturn. You see that Increasing as you go down the employee count. So now you’re in an area of the economy where – the employers where you tend to see less of an impact from macroeconomic slowdown. And then the question is, in that kind of environment, do you have a greater demand for HR services or do you have a lower demand for HR services, and when you think about it, the balance really kind of lies on a greater demand for managing your workforce in the event of a downturn. So I wouldn’t go so far as to say it would not be impacted. I think there’ll be some impact, but it will certainly be less impacted than a typical small business would be.
Efrain Rivera: And one final point on that, Marty raises, which is important, when we went into the recession last time, which was in the ‘08 time frame, we were heavily dependent on float income; almost 30%, somewhere between 25% and 30% of our net income was generated by float. We’re completely different company now. And I’ve heard people make the argument and – hey, look I like a good argument like anyone else’s, but I do think the data suggests that were different.
Efrain Rivera: No, no, total revenue. We didn’t split it out like that. I just caution that that if you want to know what the growth rate for PEO was in the quarter, PEO – not PEO and Insurance, it was solid double-digit.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. Yes, so part of that, Bryan, I called out; part of it is that at the end of the fourth quarter, we made a small classification change in staffing revenue, which some people picked up and some people did not. I would just caution that you could come back to me offline and I’ll walk you through the numbers, but the starting point was a little bit different. We made that change, not everyone picked it up. So I think that’s part of it. I think that’s generating part of the change there. And so part of that moved into Management Solutions. That probably accounts for a good chunk of the difference.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. Workers’ comp started a bit more slowly than we had anticipated in Q1. And I called out at-risk healthcare and insurance attachment rates based on what we saw in the first quarter. We are walking through all of that with now three pieces of the PEO and we think that that number is going to be a little bit lower, but I would just caution one thing about that that really doesn’t have that much of an impact on margins. And then the second thing is I could come back next quarter and say, hey, the attachment rate actually ended up being a little bit higher. It’s a little bit tough to nail it with precision, but we’ll keep updating it.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I don’t do on the spot math. I would say that our – it always was pretty much in line with our expectations. So I’d have to go through that with you to make sure that you are using the right set of numbers.
Efrain Rivera: Hey, one other point to your earlier question and you can call me back offline. I would caution with saying that that revenue is sequential in PEO; certain quarters there’s cyclicity in quarters. And typically in the back half of the year, you have higher revenue than the first half of the year. So it’s not, preferred compare to look at it quarter-over-quarter because it bounces around now.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. We still would have had 5% in the absence of the re-class. So I just want to make sure that that’s clear. And the other thing I want to make clear is that I did call down in Q1 due to a composition of days issue in the quarter that did hit us. So we had just stronger performance through a combination of both. As we discussed earlier, pricing, client growth, stronger mid-market performance on the sales side; the combination of all of those just ended up being stronger than we had anticipated which was a good turn for us.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. Well, I guess what I’d say, Tien-tsin, as I gave a fairly good guidance on what we expected revenue was going to be in the quarter and what we thought margins were going to be. So I would say, it’s implicit in what we were saying was that I give you a decent number for Q2 that we expect to Q3 and Q4 we called out operating margins being at approximately 38% for the back half of the year. So it’s going to be better, and at this point, there is an element of conservatism to what we’re guiding. We’re still in an uncertain interest rate environment. So we want to preserve a little bit of flexibility if the Fed decides that it wants to continue to cut without altering the guidance. So back half from an EPS standpoint is going to be stronger than the first half, even though we got off to a pretty good start in the first half of the year, I should say.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. There is a big danger Tien-tsin, let me explain why. So when we did – when we adopted revenue recognition, what it had the effect that was moving a revenue stream into Q3 that had previously been spread across a number of quarters. When you do that what ends up happening is that you cyclically – cyclically, wrong word, you create a situation where Q3 is always going to be your highest margin quarter, and the reason is very simple. You simply have more revenue with no greater associated costs. All of that drops to the bottom line and you are typically seeing, although I called out 38% for the quarter, it’s not going to be uniform –- I’m sorry, 38% for the back half, it’s not going to be 38% in Q3 and Q4. Q3 will be higher than Q4. And so that’s the danger. If you just take that as the run rate for margins going forward, you’re kind of not taking into account the Q4 – I’m sorry, Q3 is going to be a higher margin quarter now going forward. Having said all of that, we do think that that all things being equal, we think that expenses will trend down in the back half of the year and we’ll have some opportunity to improve margins from where we are as we go into 2021; hard to believe, but hopefully that’s helpful.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. I guess, I’d like to defer a better or more complete answer to the second half of the year because trends will become more evident, but if I were to point to one thing, we’ve had relatively high spending and what’s been kind of unusual about our performance is that we haven’t taken any charges. We have made changes on the fly, we’ve delivered double-digit EPS growth and we have done that all within the context of the kind of programs that we run. So we understand that as we exit the year some of that spending will decrease, we know that, we’re working on that actively, and the question is how much we’ll have better sense of that as we go through the second half of the year. The investments have paid off. I think that the results we’re seeing reflect that and I think that all of the technology advances and improvements that Marty was mentioning are really the fruit of that accelerated investment, but you don’t continue to invest at that accelerated pace. You pull some of it back down. So we anticipate as we go into ‘21, that’s what you would see.
Efrain Rivera: One of the other thing I would add to Marty, this is just sort of concretely in terms of what we’ve seen over the last three years certainly since the end of fiscal ‘16. If you look at our financials, at the end of fiscal ‘16, about 60% of our revenue came from payroll, 40% of it was what we would have called HRS. If you look at where we’re of this forecast, obviously, it depends on what model you are using, but payroll now is in the mid-40%s with everything else being 55%. That trend is something that’s deliberate, not something that is happening to us. As Marty said, that is the positioning that he and the management team have adopted and the numbers bear it out and I do think that we have evolved very clearly to a tech-enabled services company that is much more HR focus than it was three years ago.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So it’s a little bit lighter in the quarter than we had planned. And so I was a little bit more cautious as we went through the year. Our expectation is that in the back half of the year, it starts to abate and then by fiscal ‘21, I keep saying that, but fiscal ‘21 we should be past.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, Mark, I mean, I mean a lot of it as we call out in the in the press release is driven by Oasis, in particular, the amortization expense and operating expense associated with Oasis. You know, our – there is a lot of combination going on there, but combination of expenses, the expense growth ex Oasis would be somewhere in the 4% to 5% range.
Efrain Rivera: I think you’re probably, Mark, somewhere in – boy, you asked a great question, which requires layers of layers of explanation. So I will try to summarize it. Unlike other people 45% to 50% of our portfolio is invested short term. So you get an immediate decline on the short-term part of the portfolio by whatever the Fed does. So if you’re in the 1.5% range, that’s what you’re getting on the short-term portfolio, and then if you drop, you lose the 25 bps that – if you have a decline of 25 bps then you’re going to lose immediately 25 bps, I mean, immediately, but 30 days or so. So, on the short-term portion of the portfolio, that’s what happens. On the long term, it’s a little bit trickier because there you’re really kind of turning that portfolio over about 20% of that portfolio turns over and I think that we called out in the script. It’s a little bit above our effective yield notes, a little bit above 2%. Current investment rates will depend on that frankly on the shape of the yield curve, which in some ways is anyone’s guess, but I would say, now you’re your 25 bps to 50 bps below where you were when you started the year. Now, I just read an article yesterday. I’m sure you read the same articles I do about kind of what the Fed is anticipating doing or not doing so and I caution taking it to the bank, but that’s depend indicator of where we are. And then the final thing which is the third part is we do have opportunities if we see where the yield curve – the shape of the yield curve to extend duration, right now, we said duration was about 3.1 we had flexibility to go longer if we want to, so all of those are the puts and takes.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I don’t recall that specific one, but I think we’re in that range, Jason. The one thing I would caution is that’s total, there’s a few revenue streams in there that are reported not just on the PEO side; part of the classification change we made at the end of the year was one of those revenue streams and we had been reporting part of the ASO revenue that Oasis provided. It’s not a huge amount, but it’s part of that total.
Efrain Rivera: Well. That’s a good one, Jason. That’s a good – that was good, I was tracking there. So, Yes, no, look, shares had crept up – that was a good one, I would say; that’s a question of the day. Shares had crept up a bit and – just because it was clever, the shares it crept up a bit and we’re committed to keeping our share count flat. So we thought it made sense to be a little bit more aggressive. It really has no implication whatsoever on M&A. We’ve got still a lot of dry powder and we got a lot of opportunities that we’re looking at. And then finally, I think we’ve got about $250 million or so left on the authorization. But, look to the extent that we needed to get more, we could of course have that conversation with the Board.
Efrain Rivera: Hey, Kevin, one build on what Marty said, so while we report client retention, your question really goes to revenue retention and revenue retention has been running in the mid-80s and so I think that as more of these products stick, you do have an opportunity even if a client retention is not materially different to have a bit better revenue retention and so certainly we would hope to see more of that.
