Martin Mucci: Yes, I think, from a retention standpoint, I think, what we feel, I mentioned a little bit in my comments. But I feel like after having got through the service kind of reorganization and settled back out and now the tenure of the payroll specialist in those different locations is increasing. We feel like we’ve seen that – we see – are seeing an improvement in the retention numbers. It’s early in the year, but in the first quarter, it seems like the mix is better and particularly larger clients, we’re seeing an improvement from the last-half of last year. From the sales perspective, I think, kind of a continuation of where we were in the second-half of last year. We feel very good about how we’re positioned for the rest of the year and particularly for selling season. We’re rolling out at HR Tech next week some new product bundles. We’re simplifying the pricing in many of the bundles. We’re adding some things that we feel will be very helpful in the kind of mid-bundle, bundles which is a paperless onboarding offering, so that clients can send an e-mail to a brand new employees, and they can complete everything paperlessly and then send it electronically to update the payroll system, and also an online do-it-yourself handbook. We’ve always had the full handbook service, where our folks are involved in a personal basis talking to the client. And we heard from more clients that many of them would just like a simple handbook that they could do it themselves online, and that’s also being introduced actually has been introduced right now, but it will be talked about at HR Tech. So I feel pretty well-positioned. I think, the competitive environment is about the same. It hasn’t gotten a lot more difficult, but it hasn’t gotten any easier, and we’re kind of plugging along and looking forward to selling season.
Martin Mucci: Yes, sure. We definitely do. We feel like we’ve got the right products. We’ve changed to – I think we’d talked about this that we’ve talked more now upfront to clients about the – it’s our, what we would call, go-to-market strategy. So we’re talking more about our full HR value and selling more products upfront. So that seems to be taking up pretty well, particularly in certain areas of the country. And we’ve shifted some of the smaller sales to an inside telesales team, because clients were reacting to web leads. We’ve increased our web. We do see more leads coming in. And we’re trying to -– we’re – we got to get that tenure built up of the new telesales team here from the first quarter. But we feel good that that’s going to close more sales on the under five inside, because they’re reacting to the client even faster without visiting them.
Martin Mucci: Efrain, can get more into the numbers. I think, it’s early actually right now to really know, but we’re trying to track really all of – almost all of Florida was impacted and then that Houston area. And so what we’re trying to determine is, are they just kind of out for a week? Are they out for three weeks? Are they out permanently? And then, as I said, we also see that there’ll be some bounce back and, because I think, there’ll also more contractors and so forth coming into town to fix roofs, landscaping and some of the water issues, so the damage. So I don’t think we have it quantified at this point, but we will really get a better sense kind of probably in the next few weeks as to whether these clients are out permanently or not.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I mean, it’s – they tend to be, excuse me, a little bit larger clients. So I’m not sure that they’ll be out of businesses as much and the risk. I don’t know if we’ll see, how much we’ll see, because most of the damage – much of the damage, at least, Florida was a lot of landscape damage, not as much structural damage from what we’ve seen and clients are out, because they were out because of electricity or and some are water damage. So I don’t – we won’t see a big difference with the PEO, and I don’t think there will be a big insurance impact from a health perspective, or maybe from a business property, but not necessarily from a health perspective than what we could say.
Martin Mucci: Danyal, I’ll start, it’s Marty. I think, yes, we still see a lot of opportunity. There’s a number, obviously, a large number of PEOs around the country, and we do think there’s some opportunity there. We were very careful about who we select and who we get involved with, given the risk, obviously? I think we’ve done very well with our own risk. And we certainly don’t want to mess that up, so we’re very careful about who we get involved with. We’re excited about the HROI team, because they add to the great experience that we already have in our PEO and both kind of committed to that full PEO HR outsourcing. So we think there is still opportunity there. We also – it is probably the fastest growing product line we have is HR outsourcing in total, that we service over a million worksite employees. And the growth there and worksite employees, I think, has been a combination of the businesses that we’ve selected have been good solid clients that are adding. If you look at our small business jobs index that just came out today as well, growth is moderated back to our base year, but that’s still a steady growth in jobs. And now you’re also seeing wage increases, at least, in small business under 50 approaching the 3% kind of across the board. So that’s a pretty healthy environment that even you’ve got the moderate job growth of the clients and you’ve got wages going up as well all good for us. And right now, the larger you get from a PEO standpoint sometimes the better relationships you have with the carriers and better opportunity there too.
Martin Mucci: I think, that really is also – it’s been a good opportunity for us. I think, a lot of clients have because of that and now being, of course, delayed and probably not going into effect, but clients still have found the need for time and attendance. Time and attendance has grown very well for us. And to the degree that now, I may have mentioned this earlier, we’re introducing – in the next few months, we’re introducing a retina scan clock. What we found was a number of small manufacturing firms and so forth use biometric finger scan or hand scan, but it’s problematic in certain environments, dirt and your oily environments. So we found a retina scan clock and we’re introducing that, and I think, we’re the first of the – certainly, sizable payroll companies to offer that as part of our HCM solutions. So it looks, I mean, right now those changes – those regulatory confusion and issues have been positive for us.
Martin Mucci: But is it fair to assume that we know there’s no reason ex-hurricane that you couldn’t do, at least, a midpoint on the payroll side.
Martin Mucci: I think, we’re looking at that, Gary. We’re – I think, there on, obviously a lease platform, that’s pretty popular in the industry. And we’re reviewing that along with compared to ours, which we feel very good about and we’re going to see where that is. It does certainly build from a scale perspective. We also pick up a good strong management team that’s been around, and we feel good about that. And I also, as I mentioned earlier, as you get more scale, you build even stronger relationships with the carriers – the insurance carriers. So it’s a little bit about all of that.
Martin Mucci: Probably over two to three years, it’s going to take to refurb some of the buildings and so forth and put the investment in it, it’s about a two to three-year project. Hopefully, shorter on more of the two-year timeframe.
Martin Mucci: Yes. The one thing I think, if you take different extremes, so you have a dedicated service center. So a lot of our clients that were online, our traditional model which is still the vast majority of our clients, we have a dedicated payroll specialist that calls out to the client at a specified time and works with the client and that model has continued and done well and so forth. But we had a number of online clients that are growing and they call in when they need something, or e-mail when they need something, and we put those teams together and have, what we call, a dedicated service center for online. You still have a dedicated person that’s assigned to you, but you can – we have a lot better technology now, in fact, like e-mail technology, we track all e-mails, they can be moved all over the country to the various dedicated service center folks. And I think, our responsiveness on e-mail we’re measuring in is much better and we’re getting positive feedback on that from a promoter score and so forth. If you look at the multi-product, if you look at the mid-market, we’ve built up multi-product service center, so instead of handling the payroll in one place and then transferring the cost to time and attendance teams or our 401(k) teams or HR administration teams, we’ve now started putting these folks together in teams, and we’re seeing some positive feedback from the clients from a perspective of, hey, everybody is in the same team and I’m getting responsiveness. So the improvement that we’re seeing is, we’ve seen, at least, early in the year, we’re seeing retention improve a little bit and the mix of the mid-market, which probably had the biggest change is also improving. And that’s probably the biggest part. Of course, it’s 7/24 service as well, and all that is we can put teams together. It was – we’re able to use the experience, but have better service performance and responsiveness to our clients.
Martin Mucci: Yes, it has. Good question. We did see that spike up a little bit, because it’s changed and some – or more growth were in certain locations, and so we had to add some new people. We have seen that the tenure do very well. In fact, we track the new hires and our performance on keeping new hires and building up their tenure has been – has improved dramatically here in the last six months. So, because we’ve made an extra effort to be sure that once you onboard with us that we’re getting trained and you’re staying with us, so we have seen that. So that the turnover rate of the payroll specialist is down in this, what we call, senior rate, which is an experienced certified payroll specialist as you move up through our training modules during the first 12 to 18 months has gone up as well and it’s getting back into the range that we like to see it from a seniority perspective.
Martin Mucci: Well, I think, we felt from, Bryan, we felt from the price increase in the spring, that we did okay. And it looks like and through the summer anyway that it’s holding this pricing simplification is just we used to break out pricing. It was a little bit more confusing to clients and to new prospects and for the sales reps to present based on kind of some many checks and so forth, and we’ve gone more to a subscription or more to a simplified pricing of, here’s a base price and a price per check. And so it’s a little simpler to present to the client. We’ve heard that for some time and wanted to get that change. And then the product bundles, we’ve had bundles for some time, but we revamped them and added some more features and functionality to the product bundles, including this in the second bundle in the range to start adding things like a do-it-yourself handbook online, as I mentioned, and in paperless a simple paperless onboarding, which we hear very strongly has been very positive on the mid-market side and now we’re bringing it down to kind of the under 50, and then we’ll be adjusting for background checks as well. We’ve had that in the bundles in different ways. We’re going to try to simplify that. And then also and not from the bundle standpoint, but also releasing the new clocks as well that we feel will be very popular in a fast-growing business segment for us.
Martin Mucci: I don’t think so by itself. No, we weren’t looking necessarily, it’s more of a simplification of it and a better presentation, which we think will increase sales and be easier for us to sell for the clients and easier for the clients to consume. But we don’t expect that just changing the bundles to drive much change in the revenue. But we still feel like we have pricing power, at least, based on what we saw in the last price increase.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I think, David, Efrain kind of touched on it a little bit. But I think, when you – when we look at PEO, so we think, we see HR outsourcing growing very quickly for us at kind of all sizes of clients. And it’s really come down in size and we’ve mentioned that probably many times before. We have both the PEO and the ASO model. We’ve also been able to take a process of where if you’re in the PEO and from an underwriting perspective, the risk isn’t right for health insurance. We also move you – we can take you through the agency – the insurance agency now the 21st largest in the country. And so we’re seeing positive from that standpoint too. And as we look at PEO, as we look at a lot of opportunities and we’re very careful about a PEO that has good risk based on all the work that we do and pretty a few levels down that has a management team that we feel can scale. And that by adding even more scale to our business, there’s still some pretty large PEOs out there. You gain some credibility and some leverage with the carriers – with the major carriers in the country, and that’s a positive for us. So we look at a lot of opportunities and we select very few to go after and complete.
Martin Mucci: No, I wouldn’t say. So I would say that they – I would say just that they’ve handled the risk extremely well that they’re an experienced team and from a sales and operations perspective and – but they’re pretty much across the country. And I think 35 states last we looked, and so we felt they added scale and not necessarily didn’t certainly change our risk profile at all, but kept it very positive. So it wasn’t any specific thing that they did. It was they were adding scale, which gives us more clout with carriers, for the pricing and gives us just that much more experience in sales and operations support.
Martin Mucci: Yes, and I think, I just – the only thing I’d add to that, I think, Efrain said it before too. We’ve always been very mindful of keeping cost out of the business. It’s hard once they’re in to take them out, but we’ve always been pretty careful about having a high margin business and not being largely in that small market, we’ve been able to not to have to customize a lot of process and procedures, but keep our costs very low be able to set up a client very quickly even if they go out of business in six to nine months, which many do. We’re able to set them up quickly and keep the costs out. We don’t have a lot of layers of management. I mean, you know the business well. I mean, we’ve been very careful about that. So I do think there’s some differences in the businesses from that standpoint, but certainly everything Efrain said as well.
Martin Mucci: They’re more Southeast-based, I’d say, so a lot of it has an overlap. There’s a little bit more in other states, but there’s some overlap with what we already do.
Martin Mucci: I think, we’ll see modest client balance growth in the balance of the year. I can’t call it precisely, but that’s our expectation.
Martin Mucci: I think, I definitely do. I think, we already have kind of it that innovation mindset. We’ve been moving everything to and have moved everything in our development to mobile first and, for example. And so basically, everything is designed for a mobile phone use and then expands to the desktop if you’re using the desktop. And so all of our development went agile from a development standpoint years ago to be able to crank things out faster and be able to carve pieces of the project up and get product out quicker. We went to mobile first from a design perspective. And we’ve certainly are moving to always try to be and have our UI, our user interface always on the front of kind of the development that’s out there as much as possible. So I think, I mean, I do think that’s very important. I think, we feel good from the front end of these products, but always can do better and we’re always pushing to say, hey, what are our competitors doing and what do we have to look like a year or two or three from now to start building that out? As a large company, you always got to do that in particular, I think. And then the back end, we feel very good about that keeping up as well. So whether it’s our tax pay engine or anything, no one for other than one other company probably move – certainly move any money and more money than we do. And we’re very proud of the fact that that goes extremely well, and we’ve been doing it for many, many years. So, yes, I think, you always have to have that innovation mindset and we feel like we’re always moving to keep up with it and be sure we’re ahead of the competitors.
Martin Mucci: Yes, a lot of things have changed. I mean, it’s a really interesting question when you even think from how you interconnect with other – others through an API interface and we’ve been active with that. And as Efrain said, we buy some technology sometimes to give us a fast start and then build it into our products. And like time and attendance and myStaffingPro for the HR onboarding and paperless onboarding. So we try to speed up the cycle as much as possible.
Martin Mucci: I don’t think so. I think the competitive environment seems to be about the same. It doesn’t appear that, at least, from our standpoint that that has changed much at all.
Martin Mucci: I think, we’ve always had very much a mindset of the security of our data. And in fact, we don’t do anything with Equifax other than kind of some of our own employee kind of work that some large companies do. We don’t pass client employee information to them. And we’re always – and 21 of the fastest-growing areas over the years has been our IT security team. I remember, years ago when I started, it was probably six people, and it’s much more like 10 times that, at least. And so we’re very careful about what we’re doing. I think multi-factor authentication coming out with MFA years ago and we’re seeing – we’re really pleased with the fact that when multi-factor authentication first came out, clients were taking the easiest way to do that. And now the majority has swung to what we call level two, which is what you see with most banks and so forth, which is getting a text if your call – if you’re coming in to do your payroll from a PC, a laptop, or something a device that weren’t – we don’t recognize, you have to – you have signed up to get a text from us to verify who you are. We have seen incidents where our clients – for our clients go down dramatically. We never had a lot, but we had enough that we really pushed that and we’ve seen that go down. And so we see the clients paying a lot more attention to taking the precautions necessary, because small businesses in particular not always careful about sometimes about the laptop, but they’re on the road, they’re trying to do things, and we’re trying to protect them. So we’re very careful, very diligent about it. We know how sensitive our data is and we do our best to protect it.
Martin Mucci: I don’t think, it’s skewed either way, Mark. I think, we’ve got initiatives going across the board, so I don’t see it skewed either way. We certainly got a number of initiatives like the inside sales and the additional web investment for the leads,. probably attacking more of the small end, but we’ve also got a number of things with the bundles and other products that are attacking that mid-market. So I wouldn’t say, it’s going to be skewed any different.
Martin Mucci: I think, it’s going to take a little bit to catch on. I think the clients – this is one of those things, where clients don’t realize what a benefit that is unique to us until they need it. So I think, it could help probably more on the retention than it may on the front end and on the sales side. When you have a – especially as online clients, if you make a mistake and I overpay Efrain and it takes me a week to undo it as opposed to I can undo it that same day without even a real impact to him, that’s a huge benefit to the client. But I think it’s going to be more of a retention benefit than it is probably a new sale benefit.
Martin Mucci: No, no, I would use it. I’m just saying most clients see those things as, well, that’s never going to happen to me. So I’m not going to make a mistake, I’m not worried about it. But you see that more and more as clients are doing more online, they’re making those errors. And then if you can’t reverse it that quickly and that employee quits or doesn’t can’t afford to pay you back, it’s a real issue. So it – I’m just saying, it tends to be, they believe it more once they see it and need it.
Martin Mucci: Yes, I’d say, one of the things we’ve seen quite a bit now are these state changes. I think the two biggest ones that are causing issues would be the overtime regulation – there’s three, overtime regulation, family leave and minimum wage rules, because they’re all very much – as the Fed has tried to reduce regulations, the states have picked them up and increased them and it’s causing a lot of confusion for clients. So if I’m a multi-state business and I’m in two or three states, it’s very difficult for me right now to track all the minimum wage changes that are happening by state and sometimes city. Family Leave now going to impact, and they’re are all different. So what do I have to do from a family leave? What taxes am I – should I be deducting for family leave, like New York State they already kicked in before the actually the family leave, our benefit is even available January 1. So we’re seeing family leave, overtime regulations and minimum wage are the three biggest changes happening kind of state by state.
Martin Mucci: All right. At this point, we will close the call. If you’re interested in replaying the webcast of this conference call, it will be archived for about 30 days. Our Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held on Wednesday, October 11th at 10 AM in Rochester. That meeting will also be broadcast simultaneously over the Internet. Thank you for taking the time to participate in our first quarter press release conference call and for your interest in Paychex. Have a great day.
Efrain Rivera: No, Jason, I wouldn’t. We – I’d mentioned, I think fourth quarter that we’d buyback shares with a modest bias downward. If you look at our share count, that’s exactly what happened.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, I would say that predominantly is the reason for the change, so updating it for the acquisition. And then the way the stock comp expense works is that – has an impact on tax rate. So at this point, that’s what’s driving it.
Efrain Rivera: We don’t separately – we don’t break it out yet and we’ll have to get through the end of the year, I can update it. It’s – I think, the last thing we said was that, ASO and PEO combined when we updated, it was about half of HRS that’s as far as we went. We’ll update it as we get to the end of the year.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, the only thing I’d add to that Ashwin is, of course, we’d quantified it, which is why we expressed some caution on payroll service revenue. PEO benefits to some extent from the fact that we also have an acquisition there. So we’ve got a little bit more flexibility in terms of calling out at that range. But my caution is informed by the fact that I’ve beenthrough this once before with Sandy, and we thought that bounce back would be very quick. We saw some impacts at the end of this first quarter from the hurricane. We saw some going into the beginning of the quarter two. And so the challenge is going to be, does that persist? Does it bounce back quickly? And my experience from Sandy is that, whatever you think is going to happen, it probably is going to happen a little more slowly. So that that’s the thought process we have.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. Those are all good guesstimates there, Danyal. So we closed it in mid-August, so it really had essentially no impact very, very modest impact this quarter one. The revenue is between 4% and 5% of the total HRS revenues, so that’s what our expectation is for the balance of the year. And then with respect to margins, it’s very modestly dilutive in the year. So, operating margins now are not what we expect they will be in a year or so from now, so and that’s our history of acquisitions.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, hey, we disclose it. I’ll tell you two things. One is, it’s going to be in the Q, so we’ll have a Q out in a couple of days. I think, refer to page six, a compensation – the consideration structure was a little bit different than some of the other deals we do, it was about 60% cash, 40% stock and there were some performance gates in there. So you won’t be able to get the complete amount that or how it’s structured, but that will give you a good idea of what we paid for it.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So I think for the year, Jim, I said 1% to 2%. You – everyone’s model is a little bit different. I think, what you’re seeing there is that, there’s an element of conservatism in what we put out, and there’s a little bit of uncertainty in terms of where Q2 ends up. So I think, that’s the reason for that.
Efrain Rivera: Ex-hurricane, but you just, you said a mouthful there, so it’s true. I think, Jim, here is the issue and many people on the call know this. I was very confident when Sandy hit New Jersey about what the bounce back was, I happened to be wrong not the first time and probably not the last time. So, no, there’s some caution there that that’s the thought process.
Efrain Rivera: I think, it was some timing there, Gary. It was kind of broad base. We are – our expense – our expenses were planned to be year-over-year the growth to be more moderate. And we typically get a loop off to a little bit of a slower start in spending in a quarter and some really good – candidly some very good work on the op side in terms of cost containment and controls was helpful. And then sales, we really focused on sales efficiency and putting our plans together that gave us some benefits and then there was some timing, so it was pretty broad based.
Efrain Rivera: Hey, one other thing I want to build on just because I’ve read some motes in the time period after the acquisition was done. One of the things that when we look at a PEO is, we do multiple, multiple levered – levels of actuarial review of what that book looks like. And I can tell you that, there has been a number of assets on the market that we have to the first time thought they were good and the second time we just passed. So you can, I think, the market should understand that when we look at a deal and we look at their book of business, if that is not where we think it should be and we don’t think the management team is going to manage it to the level that we want to manage. We just simply aren’t interested in it, because we’re not interested in netting that kind of incremental risk to our profile. So – and by the way, the other part to Marty’s earlier point, a management team that is able to manage to the level of risk that we want. So that’s very important to us. And you can assume, or you should assume that this acquisition and that management team pass that gate. So just wanted to add that to what Marty had said.
Efrain Rivera: And just to clarify to it, it replaces lease space, so it’s not an incremental slug of expense. It actually in some ways saves us…
Efrain Rivera: Yes. On the second one, maybe a tad higher, but I think the comparable range is for the back-half, Bryan, and then you’re right about Q2 tailwinds from ACA abate – I’m sorry, headwinds from ACA abate a bit in second quarter and the comps get a little bit easier and then you have the acquisition on and that’s basically what driving that growth rate Q2.
Efrain Rivera: Well, I think, David, I talked to a number of you. I think the at its most basic, pricing power changes as clients get larger and not surprising smaller clients are asking you do a lot more for them. And as a consequence of that, they’re willing if you provide great service to pay for it. As you grow larger and you certainly are in the mid-market, now you have – typically have more back office support and help. That value of service is important, but it’s different than when you’re a 5% shop than when you’re 60%. So pricing flexibility is a little bit more constrained and I mentioned that. So Marty said, pricing in general has been good, it’s held, but we’ve been cautious about how much price we’ve increased in the mid-market, and I think that that continues to be an issue as you go up. The second thing I would say is that, increasingly, in order to service mid-market clients who have integrated product bundles, you need teams of service providers. And so the ratios are a bit different than small market clients. And that’s why you’ve seen in the industry not just us, but in the industry people go to multi-product products service centers. And you’ve got, while you still can get efficiencies, the efficiencies are very different than when you’ve got a small client. So combination of those tends to have an impact on pricing and margins and then throw in competition. So now you get the trifecta of more constraints there in the mid-market. So I think that many of those factors just are not as present until you get into the very, very low-end of the small market, there it’s a little different discussion, because now you’re talking about DIY providers and that’s a different segment in the market. So I think, it is fair to say that the margin profiles are different.
Efrain Rivera: One of the thing, David, I’d add is, if you look at what we did – Marty did five years or so ago, when we saw that we had a need for a DIY SaaS platform in the micro enterprise space, we went out and bought it. So one of the other things that we are not averse to is, if we see technology we like, we buy it, and then we integrate it. You have to be disciplined about doing that. I think, we’ve done that very well with things like myStaffingPro, which is a talent onboarding and Marty just mentioned net time, which is our time and attendance product. We’re constantly looking for that. And our mentality is, we’re going to look for good technology and if it makes sense using our IT resources identify it and bring it into the fold. So it’s not a solely our internal development. It also is part of our business development focus.
Efrain Rivera: Yes, Mark, I think, we’ve disclosed that, I think, we’re at around $180 million is what we set out with the campus included.
Efrain Rivera: I think it’s primarily HROI, Mark. So – well, I mean, first of all, if you just take Q1 and then project forward and then say what the margin would be, I think, you end up getting a little bit of a incorrect view of the rest of the year. Just remember that some of that was timing. And as we get into other quarters in recent years, our margins in Q1 have been the highest of the year, so…
Efrain Rivera: Yes. No, we’re not trying to be overly conservative, we’re trying to be as realistic as we can. I will say this, that in most instances, this is my seventh year here doing it, we’re pretty much on what we say. So I think that that’s our expectation at t his point.
Efrain Rivera: [Multiple Speakers] By the way, I applaud you on your skillfulness asking, he declined to answer the question.
Efrain Rivera: We don’t talk too much about either until we’re through the year. So I would just say, Lisa, it’s early to make a call on all that.
Efrain Rivera: Yes. So we don’t update those numbers until the end of the year. But we – when I call out that number, I’m calling out organic growth, not acquisition, obviously when we discuss that as we get to the end of the year. But I can’t quantify it, but it’s stronger – it was strong growth in the quarter in the double-digit range.
