Robert Thomson: Kane, it’s Robert here. I have just returned from Australia and it’s fair to say that with Patrick Delaney you have a new team, a new mood, a new momentum. And that will be crucial for the success in subscriptions that are generally speaking not just for an IPO, but for the health of the business generally. We will all be using as a benchmark. There absolutely no doubt that Foxtel has the best portfolio programs and sports rights and the letter being enhanced by the cricket rights. And there is no doubt as well that the Australian audience prepared to pay for programming is far greater than previously presumed. So, it’s fair to say both the circumstances on the ground and the context of the Australian market give us confidence in the future of Foxtel.
Robert Thomson: I would say we are a focused operator. Susan just mentioned Foxtel and Fox Sports, in that combination we want to make more than the sum of the parts. Their consolidation has given us control of the company in tandem with our partner, Telstra and that will be our absolute focus.
Robert Thomson: What you should be baking into the future is that we have an excellent team at HarperCollins led by Brian Murray and that team has become very deft at monetizing one of the most healthy backlists available.
Robert Thomson: Raymond, we are very optimistic about the potential for continued growth of core revenues at realtor. As Susan mentioned, what you define as core rose 17% year-on-year, but actually the main product within that Connection for Buyers was up 23%. So, that’s still a healthy growth rate. We are not complacent. But on a macro level, there has been slight slowing down in existing home sales in the U.S., but that’s not a given trend given the health of the UK or U.S. economy and you would expect over coming quarters that I am not soothsayer that if the housing market picks up you will see a pickup also in core realtor revenues.
Robert Thomson: Thanks, Craig. And just to supplement Susan, Craig, as you mentioned Dow Jones subscription revenue was up 9%, that was actually 10% at the Wall Street Journal. And what you have there is a tremendous base for the potential up-selling of premium specialist content at premium prices. So, our subscription base, while growing faster than the nearest competitor, is also based with a different composition and one with real price elasticity.
Robert Thomson: Look, we can’t go into details about the future per se. All I would articulate is our absolute confidence in our ability to grow revenues, to grow the subscriber base and to grow profitability at the combined company over coming years. That means extra value for the company, but in particular, it will mean extra value for our own business.
Susan Panuccio: I think Kane I probably just add that we obviously have done a lot of investment in the business as it stands anyway and we have got the cricket rights as well you know and other sports contracts that we now have looked out for a significant period of time and it is important that we monetize those and start to push subscriber growth and that will be by a combination of broadcast and these new OTT propositions that we launched. So, we are focused on both of those and we are focused also on cost reductions out there as well. So, there is a major transformation going on across that business. And as Robert alluded to the management team down there that have hit the ground running and doing a great job so far.
Susan Panuccio: No, that’s not 100% margin. So, I think we have said $28 million was the revenue increase and we netted about $21 million.
Susan Panuccio: And Raymond, I think just in relation to your second question on Foxtel and our expectations around EBITDA for the coming year, we obviously don’t give our guidance in relation to that, but I think it would be fair to say we have talked about the reinvestment activities that we are planning to do there and we obviously have got the cricket rights that have come in with the cost associated with that. We clearly are going to be launching some new products and platforms that will come out into the marketplace which will start to grow subscribers and push that through. So, we are expecting going forward that there will be a balance of obviously investment with growth coming through and then we would be expecting lesser years to pickup.
Susan Panuccio: Maybe Craig I might handle those if I will. So, in relation to Dow Jones, circulation revenues were up 9% growth in local currency as well, News UK circulation revenues were down 1% and in News Australia, circulation revenues were flat, but in relation to that first question. The second question you are right, if you adjust for M&A and other matters, then the costs were flat across news and information services and I think it’s fair to say we have probably got businesses at different growth rates than different parts of the cycle, but Dow Jones will probably see more of an investment going forward. They have got revenue growth obviously they have had revenue growth this year, we are expecting to continue to invest in marketing and acquisition cost as I continue to push those digital subscribers. I think it would be fair to say that News Australia were balancing cost reinvestments with cost out and we do believe that there is work that can be gunned down there and the team is very focused on that. And at News UK, there is indeed still opportunities around cost out there. We would expect those probably to be lesser than the ones we would see in Australia as they continue to reinvest in their digital products over there. So I think it’s a mixed bag across the group that we certainly see more opportunities in front of us.
