Robert Thomson: Ken, look, clearly, the supply chain is a factor. But as for Amazon, it's fair to say, it's ephemeral, not eternal, but meaningful in the first quarter. The combination of both inventory adjustment and warehouse closures clearly created logistic issues, which we trust Amazon will resolve relatively soon. But the demand for books is undiminished, and we certainly have some alluring titles looming including Joanna Gaines and Colleen Hoover. So -- and in the meantime, Brian Murray and his team are resolutely focused on cost control and necessarily improving margins. As for Simon & Schuster, look, clearly, there is much more work ahead for the lawyers at both companies. The legal documents must already run to many volumes themselves. But it is appropriate that the judge rule that the proposed merger would create a book behemoth, literally a leviathan, a titan of terms that would wield disproportionate weight in the industry. For ourselves, we're absolutely resolutely focused on building the HarperCollins business and continuing the integration of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.
Robert Thomson: Second part of the question was a little unclear but on digital subs, they were up 13% for both Dow Jones and the Wall Street Journal. Our total subs were up 8% at Dow Jones, 4.9 million and the WSJ, that's 3.8 million. What we're seeing with Dow Jones generally is that we're able to take advantage of a massive audience, which is 116 million monthly uniques and then gradually push people up for the hierarchy of premium products at a premium price. And clearly, as we've taken on more professional information content, the ability to take advantage of that opportunity is realized. And secondly, we believe in vertical bundling. So for example, MarketWatch and WSJ, WSJ and IBD, IBD and Barron's not what you might call horizontal bundling which other companies in indulge in. And there's no doubt that you'll see, over the next 6 months, the virtue of those bundles that Dow Jones has just begun marketing. So we'll be able to update you in succeeding quarters, but we have no doubt that the strategy is a wise one.
Robert Thomson: We are very pleased with the subscription performance at BINGE. And frankly, at Kayo both have around 1.3 million subscribers now. And what we're seeing is very uplifting in the sense that even though the streaming subscription has increased notably, in fact, up 35%. while broadcast ARPU is actually higher. So we're not seeing the feared cannibalization. And what it has done with Foxtel, it's given us optionality, which is a tribute to the toil of Patrick, [Siobhan] (ph) and the team in Australia, we've secured long-term rights, the most watched sports and entertainment in Australia, and they have been working relentlessly to improve the customer experience. And the focus not only on what the customer watches, but how they watch and that's why the churn performance has been so good.
Robert Thomson: Brian, very much so because we see a bright long-term future for Realtor. And that's why we are indeed investing. We're rightly cost-conscious. But whether it's rentals, whether it's the sell side as well as the buyer side, we're continuing to invest in products because there is absolutely no doubt about the long-term opportunity that digital real estate presents in the United States.
Robert Thomson: Well, generally, we're very pleased with the BINGE performance. Bringing in advertising gives us another layer of revenue potential and I have no doubt that as the team does its modeling of that potential that we'll be able to update you in coming quarters as it's unfurled to the market.
Susan Panuccio: And Ken, maybe just to frame the Amazon impact. The majority of the EBITDA decrease was due to Amazon. We had hopes that it will be limited to Q1, but we are expecting to see some impacts coming into the second quarter. But all things being while we expect the second half to pick back up. And the inflationary impacts have been coming down actually. We are seeing it slightly offset by volume, but we can hopefully again, expect to see those subside a little bit in the second half.
Susan Panuccio: And David, look, I think on the advertising. We didn't quite catch what the question was, but we actually been really pleased with the performance of advertising in Dow Jones, they have been growing advertising quarter-on-quarter for quite a few quarters now, which has been really pleasing and actually have surpassed our expectations as to how well they've been doing. I did say in my comments that we were expecting it to be a little bit more challenged come Q2. Q2 is one of the biggest advertising quarters across our markets, but it's still pretty early days, and we'll see how that pans out. So we do expect it to be a little bit more challenged in the second quarter against tougher comps.
Susan Panuccio: And Brian, just to add to that, our actual core operating expenses at Realtor are flat in the core business year-on-year and actually the increase that we've seen in costs year-on-year are due to those 3 adjacencies in the investment [Indiscernible].
Susan Panuccio: And Johnny, just to add to that. So I think there's been a couple of questions just in relation to the pricing. We've been really pleased actually with how customers have been retained for BINGE and the price-rise that's been put through. So we've been very, very pleased with that. And as Robert said, we're expecting strong performance across BINGE with the content that we've got and the work that, that business has been doing down there.
