Chase Carey: Again, we're focused -- I mean, our focus right -- I'll address it briefly. I mean, I'm not going to handicap the regulatory timing. I mean, I think it will be soon, but that really does -- I mean, like our focus continues to be on completing the regulatory profit process, and that is where our focus, however, and I guess I will say, which I've said recently, the movement in the Sky stock price is clearly troubling. The Sky stock is trading between GBP 5 and GBP 6 before we've made our offer. And that already represented a significant premium to its peer cable and satellite distributors and of course Sky was expected to continue to generate very good results. And to their credit, Sky management is generating good results since then. However, those results are really essentially in line with, not only our expectations, but analyst expectations. So in these -- the results validate the premiums Sky was trading at last summer but not a whole new premium on top of the pre-existing premium. Because I also want to note, there seems to be an unrealistically rosy view. Now the challenge is Sky must navigate going forward. Sky management is second to none. However, the business is certain to face pressures and demands from emerging technologies, competition and the overall economy and many other places that Sky will have to navigate. Therefore, I want to reiterate one more time that we'll be very disciplined about this process, and we will pursue other options for our capital if we can't reach a reasonable deal.
Chase Carey: Yes, I mean, in the U.K., I'm not going to get into hypotheticals. Again, our focus is getting this through the regulatory process and trying to conclude a deal. We'd like to conclude a deal, if we can reach a reasonable deal. So I'm not going to get into hypotheticals about options at this point. In terms of Italy, growth, you got to invest in growth. I mean, I -- I sort of live this firsthand in other places. And when you're adding subscribers that you're investing in marketing, you're investing in offers. I mean, clearly, we're going through a process. Dave touched on it, where we modified our offers last year to have more competitive offers that give us really long-term strength in the marketplace, and there's a settling through process, both with existing and new customers in terms of that. I think as you get into -- as we get later into this year, we sort of get through that settling process, but I think it does require investment at all those fronts, including technology, look for putting more technology in the homes. We feel very good about the ability to create a set of program packages and services DVRs, HD and the like. There was a good, solid, real, long-term growth, and that really is our focus at this point. We'll have to keep strengthening the programming offers I mentioned, the Saga Champions League, which we're taking exclusive rights to. Our focus is really about creating a competitive strength, unique strength in the marketplace that lets us drive all these metrics forward from a position of real leadership. I mean, we obviously have that leadership today, and we think this is a time to invest and solidify and build on that leadership position to enable us to give us the platform for long-term growth.
Chase Carey: Again, I'm not going to advertise what we're looking to achieve. Yes, I mean, first, time frame wise, yes, I was talking about -- I think it is slightly over half for universe by next summer. So it's coming up in that time frame. It's not all of next summer but that's when they're sort of half that I refer to comes up. And look, I think we feel we're warranted, that increase reflects the strength of FOX News. I said before that FOX News is a channel that probably stays second to ESPN in terms of importance and clout in the marketplace. In 2012, we're also happening to be heading into a thing called an election and that probably adds a bit of energy to it. So I think we're going to try and be. I think when we dealt with these issues, whether it's -- or any of channels. I think we try to look for something that we think is fair and reflects the value of that market place. I think with FOX News, we've created a channel that is due for an appropriate increase, given its strength in the marketplace. And here we're cognizant certainly about pressures in terms of the market and the programming costs and the consumer and the like. But equally, we think it is important that we get a fair compensation for our content. I mean, you look at this, this is still a very healthy segment on all levels. Some of that existing again in the last couple of days, but I'm not going to put out sort of publicly what -- and I think negotiation should be held on a private, so I'm not going to put out what we're...
Chase Carey: Again, I think we've been pretty clear, I mean, but again, these sort of things, I think, are private negotiations. It's important to us. We view it as we want to create it a real dual revenue stream and have compensation that -- on the subscription side that begins to reflect the value of the FOX Network. I mean, in reality, it's -- I guess if you look at competitive rates, it's higher than anything we'd be asking. But it's an important and significant major source of revenue. But I don't think we're going to get down to what the specific rates are again. I'll reiterate what I've said before, we've said the Broadcast business, and I really do think in many ways that it's an integrated business in the station and -- between the stations and network. That will be $1 billion plus business in the next couple of years, but with a stable ad market without relying on any unusual growth in the ad market, simply a stable ad market.
Chase Carey: I think we -- I mean, The Daily, I'm not going to give a whole lot of specifics. I think in the quarter -- on the financials, I mean, and I think in the quarter, we lost about $10 million on The Daily. It's really early days with The Daily. I mean, I...
Chase Carey: Yes, I mean, yes, it's very early days, work in progress. I mean, it's only a month plus that it's been pay based. It actually is one of the most downloaded news apps out there, but it's a work in progress. And I think we know that we're improving the technology, we're refining the content. And the tablet market is still in its infancy. If you look at the any of the numbers in the tablet universe today versus the numbers people have out there for the end of this calendar year or the end of the following calendar year, it's a small fraction of what that will be. So I think on all fronts, it's -- whether it's on The Daily itself or the tablet market and how it evolves, I think it's pretty early days on all those fronts.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, again, I'd probably say we -- when you look at what we have coming up in terms of affiliate negotiations, we expect it to be an area of real solid growth for us going forward.
Chase Carey: In terms of sports -- sports, I think, I've said it before, it's the -- clearly, it's a double-edged sword. It's -- certainly, the costs are challenged and we're very cognizant if it. I think the flip side is the value of sports is unique and probably becomes more unique in an era of fragmentation and DVRs and other technologies and the passion and the interest in sports seem like that continually distinguishes it from other things. I think we now believe and have proven around the world with sports rights that we've been able to navigate these costs and generate real value. Sports has certainly been a big part of our growth story, and we have in really all our territories and regions and have been a major part of building our businesses. So we're obviously not ignorant of the costs and -- but I think as we look at it, we look at -- and I think what is important for us, I mean, you touched on the regionals, the nationals, the network. And so we have the appropriate vehicles, internationally becomes the platforms as well that in all these sports rights that we have the appropriate vehicles to use these sports to, to build value and build our businesses. But I think these, I think, truly -- event sports, as I said, really are becoming more and more unique and probably more important than ever. And I think what you do need to make sure is we've got enough vehicles to figure how we build value around these sorts of franchises. And I think we -- I guess we can tell we've got a pretty good track record proving we can do that.
Chase Carey: Yes, I'd say, I think in general, authentication is just a good thing. And I think part of [indiscernible] a couple of the questions address the issue of increased cost of content or increased cost of programming. But it's -- one of the ways you deal with that vis-à-vis a consumer is to give the consumer increased value and give him a new experience. And I think the ability to access this product again in the proverbial, where you want, when you want, how you want, multiple screens, I think is a good thing. So I think we are looking to work with distributors to provide this richer experience. I think this is sort 2 fronts, as I've said, the richer experience in the home and then the richer experience out of the home. I think they're all going to be part of these discussions. And I think we -- and we are looking. And certainly, I think in the home is probably the primary focus. We're looking to work with distributors to provide that richer in-home experience. And I think there was recently an announcement about us extending with Comcast, as an example, and the VOD experience. And we think that's an important part of us, again, while we have tough negotiations. I think together, we need to continue to figure out. We continue to make some good experience for consumers and do our part to provide a richer and better experience in ways consumers can have new features and new functionality and things that excite them. And I think directionally, that is where we'd like to go.
Chase Carey: Look, I mean, I think our real hope is level heads prevail and this issue gets resolved. So I think that's our hope, and I think that's what initially people will move forward with an expectation. Things will get resolved. Obviously, as we go along, we'll have to deal with it. I think we tried -- I mean, for us, it's the afternoon, so it's not like we're preempting prime time, so it doesn't -- the afternoon is fairly discrete. I think we try to mitigate it. In reality, there aren't a lot of NFLs around, so you could do some other things. There's nothing -- I mean, one of the reasons why is it, what it is, just because there isn't anything to -- if there was something to put in its place, you have a pretty different world. But there isn't, so I think as you'd move forward, we try to think to whether its mitigate in terms of content or mitigate in terms of whether those advertisers who want to reach an audience and how do they reach that audience. I think it will be, but I think it will be limited to how far you can go. We'll certainly work constructively with everybody to deal with. I think it will be equally complicated because you're going to always have a fairly short-term time of horizon to not know how long this just go on and when could it get resolved. So I think we've obviously talked about ways we can mitigate on an array of fronts, but I think we'll have to play this out as it goes. And again, our real hope would be logic prevails, and everybody recognizes the best thing for everybody is to get this done, get deal done.
Chase Carey: Okay. I think in many ways, libraries have been under exploited. I mean, it's probably one of the positives about Netflix, realistically what I would like to see more of these, and I think the digital world will create more of these. I mean, I think our library product has been up an underexploited asset. I think Netflix has actually provided some truly incremental value for libraries, where you actually have product that probably -- if there hadn't really been a viable market for that all of a sudden there is a market for and I think as more of these digital platforms arise different shapes and forms. I think it provides an opportunity to capture real value off of the unique product that just didn't have appropriate outlets for it. I think it's one of the reasons why, I think, we're participating in that. We have a pretty clearly defined view of what we think is the type -- what is the type of product, what point should we sell it and I think what is the type of product and rights that we need to protect that should be sold, and what should be sold in one place and what should be sold in a different place. And I think equally, when we do these deals, we want to make sure we maintain flexibility and control of our long-term destiny, and we're not doing deals that lock us into something we then regret. And so I think our priorities has been to try to take advantage if we can get fair value. If we can't fair value, we're not going to do it but be disciplined about our rights, take advantage of these emerging distribution platforms that are largely digital and make sure we maintain flexibility and control as these markets evolve. Because I think they will evolve, and I think you will have new and different opportunities. And so I think it pays to be -- to not grab a quick buck that may look like a quick buck today and not be quite as attractive a buck, literally, 12 to 18 months later.
Chase Carey: Well, we've actually done some deals, so it's not -- we have, and again, that's what I was saying. I think we feel it's very important to have a clearly defined line between current -- the current product and library product, and we have a clear view on where that line exists. I think equally, we recognized that there is product that may end up being -- and I think increasingly, this will be the case with hit product that only goes one place or the other, not both, and you’ll end up finding important product that is bought -- and in some ways, some of these digital platforms are competing with sort of the more established linear platforms for rights. And as opposed to existing of both, they may exist in one place or the other. And so I think it’s why I talked about flexibility and discipline, but we have, we certainly have done deals. I wouldn’t call them tonnage deals. I think, they're deals which we think take advantage of the opportunity. It's certainly real revenue to us. But again, I think by adhering in a set of views that, as you said, protect and certainly recognize that we have networks and unique content that we need to manage and have ways that it distinguishes itself in the marketplace, distinguishes itself with unique content, distinguishes themselves with unique rights, whether that’s on a network side or a content side or a digital platform side.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, I think, Jim, I'm not sure, I have a whole lot on the ad front so I mean, the firms are...
Chase Carey: And in Italy, we clearly have some -- the economy is tough there but there are some headwinds on the ad side in the Italian marketplace as well. I think in terms of the digital rights and the like, I mean, in some ways, one of the benefits of these being emerging platforms is you really plan your business knowing those things are there. And I think in many ways, we look at them as a part of the mix, a part of the way, being a player in those things, not sort of viewing ourselves with any sort of limited four walls but being smart, intelligent. And it is, in some ways, the benefits in places like whether it's Italy, Germany, what have you. We're still in the early stages of growth in those marketplaces. And so it gives us the opportunity to plan and look at our business in a way that it doesn't look at it in too limiting a way. And I think in some ways, to their credit, sky in the U.K. has done a good job, and I think proven that they're going to take advantage of emerging technologies to continue to develop and build the business. And I think to their credit, Sky U.K. has done a really good job of building upon these emerging technologies and these newer platforms. In Germany and Italy, certainly our plans would be to continue to do that and take advantage of these things. So I think we've already announced some things in those markets that will take advantage of it.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, if I -- as a buyer on the FX side, I would increasingly certainly look at FX as a [indiscernible]. I think about it as a competing network, whether it's competing with HBO, competing with an FX or -- and I think if you're buying, if you're looking at premium property, I mean, I think exclusivity matters. And I think it’s critical. So I think it will become very much a part of the mix as channels go forward. And if you have something that -- if you're going out to unique properties that are going to be a part of defining your network or distinguishing your network, I think controlling all those rights and getting exclusivity I think will be critically important. And certainly, for us at FX, it is our -- it's been a part of our strategy already in place, and we have been -- as we've been acquiring rights, if we’re acquiring key rights, we’re acquiring rights to control the Netflix type rights, so we’re not competing against them. So not quite as -- like as I've said, not only is it important, we've in fact been doing it on rights we acquire that are key properties.
Chase Carey: On the Formula 1 specifically, there's not really a lot -- you're going to add to what we said. I think as we did say, it’s really at an exploratory stage. It’s not clear where it goes. We're talking at about forming a consortium. So clearly, it is very early days. I won’t repeat too much because I think a few minutes I ago talked about essentially the importance and value of sports rights and recognize certainly the complexities that come with cost. I think it’s difficult to make a leap and say that because it’s dealing with a cost that you want to try and be in an ownership role, I think you sort of got to deal with each one of those on -- deal with each situation on its own merits. I mean, obviously places certainly in the U.S. where you've got 32 NFL teams or colleges. You're not going to acquire -- that it obviously is just not realistic from the get go, but I think you want to be -- this world is certainly continuing to change and evolve. I think you want to be innovative and open minded about ways to try to deal with key unique rights. And I don't think that rules anything out, but I don’t think you can sort of have a one size, fits all strategy, get up and say you're going to pursue things, everything this way or that way. I think you sort of have to -- you have to deal with each opportunity in its own merits, and what -- make a judgment about what's the best way forward.
Chase Carey: And I think in terms of sports and having, I guess, a network of multiple outlets, yes, I mean, I think having multiple outlets is critically important. I mean, I think the fact that we have in this country broadcast networks, cable networks, regional networks, I think it's tremendously important. As you look at a franchise therefore and components of it, digital obviously is going to become a part of that and increasingly a part of that, too. And internationally, as we said, we got unique dimensions to our businesses there. But I think having those platforms gives you an ability to take rights that may have different ways to be exploited in each one of those and make sure you can maximize both the value for us to achieve the things these sports and leagues, teams, conferences want to achieve. So yes, I think without question, having a breadth of outlets and expertise is tremendously important to being able to maximize the value of these key sports rights.
Chase Carey: And I think in terms of X Factor, we're very excited about X Factor and you could be assured we will have very unique strategies on how to sell and maximize that. But typically, we don't share those publicly. I think those are the types of things we plan to keep to ourselves and use to our advantage. But we're excited about having it, and we believe we can do some very exciting things with it.
Chase Carey: I don’t think it’s – I mean, it sold a lot more papers and certainly looked pretty an event to people. We're tremendously important to people and I think give everybody appropriately a lift. But yes, I think that if you're talking sort of really the challenges and issues, the economy and sovereign debt, maybe the macroeconomic issues that are out there in the world, I don't think that -- I think it's tough to sort of say that event leads to have a differing view about what are the risk challenges or what step – what's the future look like in these economies.
Chase Carey: It is a, let's see, it is a test. We're in the very early stages. We had one small film. I don't know that I've got a specific set of here's [ph] the point in time that we make a judgment about it. I think in some ways, it's obviously -- I understand there's -- there are concerns about it. Look, the theatrical market is a very important market to us. It is essentially the market that sets the pace for our film industry. And we don't -- we think it's an opportunity for some films and certainly, it has set all the films for us to create a window that is appropriate for our segment. We don't think it's a big segment. I think in some ways -- I think part of what we're trying to do is set a value for our product as it moves down the chain. I mean, I do think one of the fundamental problems we've got out there is sort of the fact that we ended up in $1 rentals five or six months after theatrical release and that just our product that doesn't work. I mean, that undervalues our product to an extent that it makes no sense. So we've got to build appropriate values and windows into our business. But certainly, the theatrical business is second to none in importance to us, and I think we're going to go forward, we're going forward with this carefully and we'll judge it as we get some data and get some experiences. But I don't have a sort of point in time, date in time or a formula by which we're plugging it in to judge it.
Chase Carey: Look, I think it's probably good for all of you to understand this. I mean, I don't -- I actually didn't know what request has been made, so I hadn't actually heard the specific request, but I think we feel it's important perfectly to understand what's happening out there.
Chase Carey: I think -- I mean, I hope and I expect and unless we go through making sure your armor goes through a budget process now like every one of our -- realistically, every one of our franchises should have a digital extension to their business. I mean, that's the world we're in. So whether it's news, sports or entertainment or sort of what's traditionally video or print. And obviously, some of those things blend together and become a multimedia, I mean, a large play in many ways become a multimedia product. We've got to be developing extensions for all those, in all those places. And so I think in every one -- and obviously, to some degree, every one of them is doing some version of it today. Some of it's more straightforward like The Times or The Post that are putting a -- creating an iPad version of the printed product, and in some places, it will be product that is more expanded and tailored to the digital world and takes advantage of interactivity and again the ability to more put together multiple experiences and sort of The Daily is pushing towards integrating, new technologies and 360 video and moving video inside a printed product. But each and every one of our businesses has to be figuring how do they create those, how do they participate. And sometimes it's working with others in terms of their digital sites, in many ways, just develop our extensions digitally of our brands, content and franchises.
Chase Carey: No. I mean, we're like, we're about a month into this. In many ways, we're not going to build this in a fishbowl. I mean, I think we recognized there -- it's a work in progress. It's an experiment in many ways in terms of developing and finding what consumers like and what things really work and how do we improve it. But we're not going to give -- I think that sort of detailed information is not something that we're going to share in public or probably putting out publicly at this point.
Chase Carey: Like in many ways, and part of this is sort of working through in a lot of these platforms where they're still trying to figure out the subscription process. So there's a lot of moving parts here that ends up being part of that -- part of what you've got is so many digital platforms and what -- the tablets are obviously, as we said, in many ways they're in their infancy. So it's more complicated than that. And you sort of got a good deal with not only what you want to do, but what can the market handle and what are the various players in the market say they're capable of doing. So there are a lot of moving parts to this, and then I think it will be a very different business a year from now. And two years from now, it will be a very different business than it was a year earlier. So it's going to continue to evolve.
David DeVoe: With respect to the balance sheet, obviously, we're not going to sit on $12 billion actually to the extent that we're not going to be doing BSkyB transaction. We have a lot of, I think, options as to what we would do with it. And I think we'll face it when we get there, if we get there. We're certainly not going to sit on $12 billion and have the inefficient use of our capital structure that would affect. Just one -- I think this is Michael's question with respect to the film company. The one other major thing during the -- this is in the year to be -- for the year that would affect the film numbers is, we had Ice Age last year, which is a significant profit contributor, which we don't have in the current year.
David DeVoe: I gave you total. I gave you growth with respect to the affiliate and advertising growth for the entire segment, including the U.S. businesses as well.
David DeVoe: On the guidance, we're expecting -- I mean, cable is just continuing to grow as it has all year, it's doing great. We're expecting a strong fourth quarter out of both FBC and in our television stations. As I said before, both Film and the Television Production business is going to have a good fourth quarter, and you'll see SKY Italia rebound in the fourth quarter as well. So there's not -- there's any significant changes from how the business has been operating. And for that, maybe you'll see Publishing, which has down quarter for a variety of reasons because of -- partly because, as I mentioned, because of the marketing, partly because of the weakness in Australia, in our business in Australia. But you will we'll see that rebound in the fourth quarter. So the business is looking very strong.
David DeVoe: I mean, it's really difficult. I mean, listen, there's no question we're affected particularly in the Brisbane and Queensland area, but it's very hard for us to quantify. I think it's more affected by the slowdown in the economy, particularly in the retail trades in sort of the business.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: I have some for Dave on the quarter. I don't know if you wanted to give us the organic international growth at cable. I think you said it was 21%, affiliate; 18% ad. But I'd assume if you had the FX impact there.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And I don't know if you do want to break out the losses associated with The Daily in the quarter and how we should think about that drag sort of over the next couple of quarters.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then may be lastly, Chase, just there was the recent Hawaii Five-O deal that TNT syndicated. It was reported to have rights, basically a block of Netflix-like services for that show while it was in the syndication, which I think just could last for many years. Just wondering, as a buyer of syndicated content, for example, like an FX, if you think that sort of a transaction makes sense, if it's -- worth paying up for that kind of exclusivity.
