Bedi Ajay Singh: Thanks, John. Let me just start by addressing the fourth quarter. Clearly, as we had also mentioned in the third quarter, we expected to see additional marketing costs in London, which indeed did come through, and ones viewed [ph] that they will be beneficial to us in terms of revenue in the quarters to come. The London relocation, obviously, was also an extra expense in that quarter. And the professional information business at Dow Jones was also soft. So I think that gives you a sense of the kind of impact those things had in Q4. With respect to your earlier question, I think the way to think about it is we're still very focused on making sure that the business is stabilized, especially in News and Information Services. And we look to additional investments and smart, strategic and disciplined acquisitions, clearly with a view to generating long-term shareholder value per share, which remains kind of our mantra.
Bedi Ajay Singh: And if I can just add to that. Clearly, ELA was the sort of production effort and now it's gone to market. But we still have a lot of production effort behind math and science, which will continue in 2015. And sales for those products will start at the end of 2015.
Bedi Ajay Singh: So in terms of CapEx that we spent in the London building, that was -- in fiscal '14, it was $75 million of capital expenditure. And we expect somewhere in that sort of region in fiscal '15 as well, just to fit out the building completely. People have started moving in, but not all the floors are occupied.
Bedi Ajay Singh: So our cash balance at the end of the quarter and, obviously, the fiscal year, was $3.1 billion. Anyway, in terms of how we think about deploying the cash, as we've said before, we're very focused on making sure that we are doing smart strategic acquisitions, that we make sure the top line is getting stabilized. We make internal investments in projects such as BallBall. So that's really the front line focus to make sure we build long-term shareholder value at the company.
Bedi Ajay Singh: It's hard to ensure predict on foreign currencies. But yes, I think, generally speaking, shouldn't be as unfavorable as we saw in 2014. Are you asking about the iProperty acquisition? Sorry, I didn't get the first part of the question.
Bedi Ajay Singh: So we've taken a small stake in iProperty. I think we've disclosed it's 17% or 17.5%. It's really REA that's done that. And I think it's part of their stated objective of expanding outside sort of Australia, but near to Australia in a sense, so that you have the ability to monitor what's going on in the region that's close by. We'll have a board seat on that company, for that investment. And I think we'll help them and encourage them to grow. There may be cross-platform opportunities with other things we're doing in the region, such as with SEEK Asia or with BallBall, which we haven't fully exploited yet.
Bedi Ajay Singh: I think the reported numbers were dragged down by foreign currency. But I think local currency, we were up.
Robert J. Thomson: It's Robert here. To be honest, it's little early in the business to be setting targets. But what we're focused on is the development of the curriculum. That's the key part of the investment that we've undertaken at Amplify. And we said to you 18 months ago, that in 18 months, we would have a much clearer indication of the trajectory of the business. And I think it's fair to say now that we are getting a sense of that. And we still hold ourselves to that deadline. And so as the business unfolds over the next 12 months, we'll be keeping you updated about sales, about sales patterns and about the substance of the business.
Robert J. Thomson: Look, we don't have specific targets. This business, as you can understand, is evolving. It's in the early stage of the evolution. It's evolving quickly. And as we pass key metrics, we'll pass those metrics onto you.
Robert J. Thomson: Justin, under your question about cost and advertising trends. First of all, on costs, clearly, we're -- because of the concentration and new focus of the new News, we are finding opportunities to consolidate and to cut costs. And that, frankly, is not going to stop. And that's separate from trends in the advertising revenue, which clearly, the winds have been buffeting. But what we're seeing really are different circumstances in different regions. And it's -- at the moment, there are indications that the rate of decline has declined in Australia. There are green shoots on a nullable [ph] plane. And part of that is great work by our team in Australia. We focused on local advertising, and local advertising revenue trajectory has changed in Australia. The national market is different, but there'll be an increasing focus on that as well. And that's a great tribute to Julian Clarke and Peter Tonagh and our advertising team in Australia. At Dow Jones and The Wall Street Journal, it clearly was a quarter of decline. But as we look forward a little bit, you'll see that, for example, WSJ magazine, which didn't exist when News Corp took over Dow Jones, in September it will have 2 issues. One of them a record amount of revenue. You can count the pages for yourself. Meanwhile in the U.K. in the last quarter, clearly there was some marketing spend. I know companies like to blame the World Cup for all sort of ailments, but it was clear that if England had progressed beyond the group stage in Brazil that advertising would've picked up. There would've been momentum. But it's also fair to say that the England team failed to exceed low expectations.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, I think it's fair to say that we haven't fully leveraged the brand and that Will Lewis, who's been doing a marvelous job since he took the helm, is looking not only overseas opportunity, but what more, to your point, can be done to leverage and take advantage of the necessity that many people have to read Wall Street Journal content, but also looking at different platforms for delivery of that content. And over the period since the News Corp acquisition, we've been seeing strong year-after-year growth in circulation revenue. And there's no reason for that not to continue.
Robert J. Thomson: Look, it's a little difficult to forecast. I need better [ph] soothsayers. And it is -- it's a blockbuster. Well for example, there are variables that may have an efficacious impact, such as the release of the second movie in the trilogy, which is scheduled for the spring. So it's a -- we're -- at the moment, it's fair to say that we're still seeing benefits.
Robert J. Thomson: To be honest, Doug, I wouldn't draw too many conclusions -- long-term conclusions from the last quarter. I think one of the advantages we have as a company now is that we learn from experiences in different places. The executives in London, Sydney and New York are constantly talking about efficient marketing spend. And so that focus is enabling us to, generally, over the longer term, keep the marketing spend to the minimum necessary.
Robert J. Thomson: To be frank, the key area of push back was in Factiva, where we had changed the offering in a way that, to be honest, some of the clients found unacceptable. And so what we've done, we've listened to our clients. We've perfected the product -- the pitch and the pricing, and we're starting to see some positive feedback there.
Robert J. Thomson: I think it's fair to say at the Investor Day, we indicated that we would increase our presence in East Asia and frankly, in the U.S. We're keeping that promise. As Bedi said, it's a relatively small, at this stage, investment. But it's a small investment in a fast-growing region.
