Robert Thomson: First of all, News America Marketing was indeed marketed. We’re engaged in active negotiations for the sale of the company. And I’m happy to report that those discussions are well advanced. Frankly, the company’s balance of revenues have shifted from being a newspaper insert company to being more of an installed marketing company. The letter is certainly a profitable business, but not core to our competencies. I won’t comment on the use of the funds. as for HBO-related questions, you really should pose those to HBO. What I would say is that we have an unparalleled collection of programming at foxtel, where unlike U.S. cable companies in the past week ranges across a real range of providers. And there’s no doubt, for example, with recent renewals of Fox, NBCU, Sony, Discovery, BBC, we still have two more years of HBO that we’re in very good shape.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, it’s a very early phase of the evolution of Kayo and it has been an exponential evolution. If you look at really only been in existence for just over a year. And as you know, we are very much in the low sports season in Australia. Our crickets fascinating, sometimes antediluvian as it can be is not as compelling for crowds in Australia as Aussie Rules or Rugby League. But cricket has certainly made a positive difference to audience retention. But the winter sports in Australia are about congregation and audience aggregation and we’re on the cusp of that selling season. There’s no doubt that Kayo is an absolutely world class OTT offering, also no doubt that it has a hell of a runway. As you know, the customer reviews are resoundingly positive. I mean, streaming technology without equal in Australia, is unrivaled and non-pareil [ph]. And let us be clear, this is not a 699 offering, but a premium $25 a month product.
Robert Thomson: And as for papers, Alan, I think yours was a philosophical question and I’ll give you an even more philosophical answer. Is it the ecosystem generally can use content is in the midst of two levels of transition. We have to change the ecosystem for news content. It is digitally dysfunction, which affects national and local papers. And then our papers, whether local or national, have to transform themselves within that challenging landscape. Unless fundamental changes take place at both levels, the havens will not be, cannot be in equilibrium. And let’s be clear, we are literally dealing with fundamental changes in the character and valued content, and it is absolutely fair to say that with Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch’s leadership, no company has been as influential on this issue as News Corp.
Robert Thomson: Craig, obviously, that’s an evolving relationship and not just with Facebook, but with the other digital platforms, where – I can’t obviously go into specific details about the agreement, but it is a substantial agreement, it creates new precedents. We host the content, we sell the advertising, and Facebook pays a premium for premium journalism and up until that point, that kind of precedent hasn’t been established and it is a precedent that will resonate.
Robert Thomson: I couldn’t possibly comment on other platforms other than the observation I made about the real appreciation of Sundar Pichai for the importance of high-quality journalism for society.
Robert Thomson: Regarding your question of simplification, obviously, we love all our assets and we just acquired wireless, which is playing a beneficial role in the development of – for example, as I mentioned, [indiscernible]. Look, simplification is an ongoing process with a clear cogen purpose, to make the inherent value of the company more obvious to investors. You may have noticed, it was a complexity to the company given the mix of assets and there’d be great transition in some of the sectors. And the more – frankly, that we can highlight the value of individual assets, the more that the positive trajectory and the transparency of the company will become obvious.
