Robert Thomson: Eric, we’re not going to speculate on idle speculation. What we can tell you is that the new team at Foxtel, led by Peter Tonagh, and at our partners in Foxtel Telstra are determined to improve the business. We’re investing in subscriber growth, and you saw today with the announcement of the acquisition of EPL, the premier league rights for the six most important clubs, that day after day, week after week, Peter and team are both improving the product and most crucially improving the projection, because we believe that there’s no doubt that Foxtel has the best suite of programs. There’s no doubt that that portfolio is starting to resonate. It already is resonating with our long-term subscribers. There’s obviously a little bit more churn when you have a lot of offers out there, but long-term we believe that the health of Foxtel is robust and that we have a full faith in the new executive team. And I think the cleverness of the deal that they’ve done on premier league rights tells you that we’re certainly going to look after our fans who like EPL, but we were never going to acquire EPL in a way that would hurt EPS. Now you might want to watch a game in the middle of the night and pay a lot of money to do that. That’s what Australians would call a nocturnal marsupial, but you’re a rather sad and sultry person in the middle the night, or you can watch the game, frankly, with your family at lunchtime and cheer on your favorite players. And one other thing about the particularly interesting offering that Peter and the team have at Foxtel is that you’ll also be able to see all the reserve games, the under 21 games, and so when well-known players like [indiscernible] or Jack Wilshire come back into the intermediate teams ahead of playing in the mountain, you’ll be able to watch those games as well.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, to supplement what Bedi said, and that includes our stock-based compensation, which some companies in the sector don’t do. As Bedi said, we fully expect core EBITDA growth this quarter, and we fully expect even faster EBITDA growth in succeeding quarters. Were in the middle of what you might call home renovations at Realtor.com. You can see from what you might call a buy-side product, the co-broke where we have 45% revenue growth year on year. That side of the business is doing well, and Ryan O’Hara and the team at Move are now working on improving the sell side products. So that’s one known as Turbo and another known as Showcase, and we expect over coming months and into the next fiscal for those also to have a positive impact.
Robert Thomson: Well, we certainly are optimistic for the digital potential at Dow Jones and the Journal in particular. What we’re doing obviously is emphasizing, as one must in the contemporary age of content, video, increasingly interactive engagement with this premium audience. But also developing new verticals. Virtuous verticals that give us more elasticity because they touch professionals in a way that, on a need to know basis, these are knowing audiences, but frankly they’re also paying audiences. I think you need to see the Dow Jones offering as essentially having three segments. The B2C and the B2B, both of which are well known, Factiva and newswires, venture capital related verticals are at the B2B side, but there’s also a very strong B2P play between the consumer and the business. That’s the business to professional, and we see that the team there, Will Lewis and the editorial team are constantly fashioning new products for the fast-growing B2P segment, which is obviously a more sophisticated product, frankly, at a more sophisticated price.
Robert Thomson: So that’s a really good question. One way you change the narrative is to start talking about it, as we are. Secondly, we have to do a better job of selling the power of the platforms and the reach of the audiences. You look at our US digital platforms, and that’s Realtor, the Post, Wall Street Journal, Marketwatch, that’s around 160 million monthly uniques. And I’ll tell you one story, which we use our own platforms to create new products and generate new audiences. You may have noticed just over two weeks ago, we traded a packaged libertarian site called HeatStreet. HeatStreet has picked up 1 million uniques in just over two weeks. External marketing spend on Heat Street, $10,000. That is proof of the power of our platforms relative to external platforms. We have to do a better job of explaining it, but quite frankly, I think advertisers need to challenge agencies. Because at times, the interest in the agency and the interest of the advertiser or not in alignment.
Robert Thomson: And as for newsprint, newsprint is probably less than 10% of total cost for a masthead these days. What we have been able to do across our mastheads were the extra focus of the new news is whether it be software, the publishing systems, newsprint contracts, generally we are engaging a lot more collective cooperative bargaining of the company. We are able to get costs down. Share experiences. Share expertise. De-dupe expenditure in a way that is having a tangible positive impact on all the cost bases.
Robert Thomson: As for Foxtel, as you know, we’re in the midst of an intensive marketing drive. The churn will have an impact on revenues partly because, as Bedi mentioned, they are no contract offers. But you’re still looking at ARPU in the high $80’s which is significant. And you’re looking at a low rate of churn for long-term customers. And you should note that Foxtel implemented a $1 price increase for the entertainment tier, which will have a benefit in the next quarter.
Robert Thomson: I think we have a lot of faith in the quality of content of the Sun. There’s no doubt that the audience already has increased. We are relaunching the website itself in coming weeks, which we presume both obviously on desktop and crucially on mobile will have a profound impact. The ad sales teams are gearing up for that opportunity and it’s definitely an opportunity. The Sun will be a brand that resonates obviously particularly in the UK, but it’s also a brand with a global halo. And so we see real potential there over coming quarters.
Robert Thomson: As you can see, Marty and the team at NAM are investing significantly in the digital character of the company, because NAM has unique relationships with CPGs. It has unique relationships with retail. And what we’re seeing with NAM coming closer to other parts of the organization, is those are complementary skills which are helping introduce, for example, Realtor and our other properties to advertisers who in the past may not have had a particularly close client relationship with us. So the key thing over the next 12 months will be the development of digital. You always have to remember that NAM has significant free cash flow. That the in store business has been a growing strongly, even as the FSI business has been under pressure. And in a very short period, Checkout 51 – and would advise you to check out Checkout 51, has become one of the top 10 shopping apps. And that means in terms of reach on the Apple App Store, it has more prominence that Walmart and Walgreens.
Bedi Singh: So, we don’t actually specific give out Move’s EBITDA, but I can tell you that in Q3 there was positive EBITDA and this was despite the fact that we incurred the higher legal expenses in the Zillow litigation. And we expect, clearly, given the audience growth we see at Move, we expect revenue growth going into Q4, and I would expect barring legal fees, which we don’t know what the quantum of those could be in Q4. Barring legal fees to one side, we would expect to see EBITDA positive and EBITDA growth in the fourth quarter for Move.
Bedi Singh: Look, clearly it also depends on what the mix of books is, but at this stage when we look at where the last month and where we were entering this month, I would expect both topline growth and I would expect improvement at the bottom line.
Bedi Singh: On the UK, what I said was that ad revenues in the UK declined 21%, but in local currency they were down mid teens. And on the legal segment, I’m not sure we are going to be saying a lot other than the fact that there is a trial date that’s been set in early June and we are preparing to go to trial.
Bedi Singh: With respect to Amplify, we’ve pretty much cleaned up most of the bits that were left over. In the quarter, there was a very immaterial loss, looking at the Q4. We have a very immaterial amount of cash flow to go, and we expect to be completely sheet cleaned up as of 30 of June.
Bedi Singh: With respect to legal fees for NAM, we incurred $10 million roughly in the quarter, and the settlement that was for $280 million does not include these $10 million of legal fees, which went through separately.
Bedi Singh: In terms of Fox Sports, as you know, the simulcast of the NRL will be starting in the fourth-quarter. So we expect to incur some additional costs there. We will also have some additional costs related to a few more matches of Wimbledon and then the new Rugby Union contract also kicks in. So we’ll see an increase in sports costs there. But as you know, at Fox Sports costs tend to be lumpy, and so EBITDA tends to be a little lumpy. But overall we expect that in the fourth quarter, EBITDA should be improving slightly compared to the prior year.
