Robert Thomson: Well, listen, I can’t speak for the New York Times. In fact, I can speak for the prime meaningful newspaper, which is, of course, The Wall Street Journal. At Dow Jones, the subscription business is performing well and obviously, has much potential for growth. And if you look closely, you’ll see the wsj.com, circulation revenues were up 15%. That’s not crosswords or couscous recipes, not – low rent up is we’re seeing elsewhere in the sector. As for professional content in a clustered world, companies want to incorporate Dow Jones content network and that is happening at pace. To be honest, advertising needed work. We have a new ad team at Dow Jones and that team is certainly making a positive difference. Digital ads at Dow Jones were up 15%. And as for risk and compliance, the fastest growing business at Dow Jones, if any of you out there want to minimize risk and maximize compliance, then you simply must have a Dow Jones contract. If not, feel free when the regulator comes out knocking.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, Kayo was in the early innings. In cricket, I would say, it was in the first of four innings or in baseball the second of nine innings. One can definitively say is that, we have 115,000 customers, around 100,000 paying and that number has indeed been rising week after week in two months since we launched. And indeed, we are on the cusp of the peak sports selling season, which is Aussie Rules and Rugby League, as you know. It is beyond clear that sports events are crucially important in an age of confected, concocted content. And we have the events that matter in Australia for the next four or so years. That’s an incontrovertible fact and an extraordinary asset. So you can be in platform agnostic, but you can’t be content ideastick [ph]. Of course, there is more churn when you increase prices, as we did late last year. But what we’re absolutely not seeing is massive spin down to Kayo from premium subscribers. The fact is that the earlier versions of the IQ Box were inadequate, and the current version is much more sophisticated and satisfying. The iQ4 really does go to show that the higher the iQ, the better.
Robert Thomson: Well, Tracey has just settled into the job and it’s a task obviously to increase the corporation among our various properties around the world, and that will be the first priority. Beyond that one, of course, can’t speculate. It’s interesting, the U.S. real estate market is a tad sluggish. And obviously, listings are down in Australia and yet digital property revenue growth remains real. You could indeed say that these are testing times and model and investment is definitely passing that test. And it shows the value of the Opcity purchase, because we’re providing a higher level of market intelligence and analysis and value-added services, in the case of Opcity. And that is appreciated by our clients who know that there are both quantity leads and quality leads and quality leads mean revenue for our customers.
Robert Thomson: Craig, for the macro economics, it’s obviously a little difficult to tell, there are two events upcoming as state election in New South Wales and federal election locked [ph] to be held in May in Australia. Both of those events could have some impact on business activity. But the underlying macro trends in Australia are positive. There has been something of the decline in the housing market. But that – in some respects, welcome, because it means that the rapid increases in property prices, which many analysts were unsustainable have indeed come to an end. And as in many countries, ensuring that there is enough excessively priced property is not just an economic issue, but a political issue, and one which is generating a lot of debate. So that trend of itself is efficacious. And News Australia and the team, led by Mike Miller, is performing very well. EBITDA is growing, the digital transformation of the company is continuing at pace and we’re particularly optimistic about the potential for the business.
Robert Thomson: Hypothetically, you shouldn’t answer hypothetical questions. But The Wall Street Journal not only is a powerful platform for us. That the network effect that you have, for example, and the relationship between realtor and The Wall Street Journal, the ability to cross promote for us increasingly to get sophisticated permission data on those platforms and right around to HarperCollins and the New York Post Digital Network. It is truly more than some of the pause at the very center, but is The Wall Street Journal.
Susan Panuccio: I think, Entcho, I’d also add. Just in relation to your question on the addressable market, obviously, our penetration has been sort of sub-30% for some years and there’s old past audience out there within Australia, the other 70% that we haven’t managed to reach that our research has been very clear are open to paying for proposition if it’s at the right price point. So that would be the addressable market that we’re having a look at. And just in relation to churn, I did mention it in the release. But the team in Australia are very focused on churn management and they are – and we are investing a lot of money in data capabilities in order to effectively manage that churn going forward. And as Robert said, we really have seen very little spin down as a consequence of Kayo, but it is early days and we will continue to focus on that metric as we move forward.
Susan Panuccio: And I think, Kane, just to add on the Opcity, sort of the way that we look at this is the conversion of the leads into revenue will continually evolve as we move forward and we reported best-in-class [indiscernible] company, which will enable realtor to better monetize their leads by offering higher quality leads that will enable a better closed rate for the agents, which will provide higher revenue. It also gives us access to high-quality data as a consequence of bedding the leads, which we can use to branch out into other adjacencies be it mortgage type of insurance, moving, et cetera, which is what we’re currently looking at building out now. So I think the combination of those comments is what we think will drive the results with the Opcity and realtor.
Susan Panuccio: So just in relation to your first question on CapEx, I think, we’ve given guidance on this before. So $285 million was the number for last year, U.S. dollars that we quoted for Foxtel and we’re expecting it to be $15 million higher. We haven’t changed our expectations in relation to that, but obviously we continue to monitor that CapEx as we progress through the year. I think, your next question was in relation to circulation in local currency. So I think, from a Dow Jones perspective, circulation revenues were up 7%; from News UK, circulation revenues were down 1%; and News Australia, circulation revenues were up 3%. [What was the third part in your question?] [ph]
Susan Panuccio: We haven’t given that out before, Craig. But what I can say is, we’re broadly expecting it, excluding Subscription Video Services to be roughly in line with last year.
