Robert Thomson: Yes, Lucy. Well, first of all, we will have to see what transpires on appeal in that particular case. But it’s clear that the U.S. property market has already been evolving if rather incrementally. I mean our focus is solely on providing the best possible service for vendors, for purchases and for Real Estate professionals, and we will continue to build audience through the use of our rather large media platforms. We have been taking advantage of the present downturn in the market to build out our sell-side operations and there is definitely a downturn in existing home sales when you have an annual rate of $3.9 million, which is well below the normal average of $5.5 million. We certainly foresee stronger activity longer term on the sell-side, a bit like the Australian market and we have acquired a company UpNest, which is particularly strong in that area. And there are interesting lessons for the U.S. market generally from Australia about what happens when the market turns. There’s patently much suppressed demand here at the moment. In Australia, we saw listings in Melbourne and Sydney surged 14% and 16% in the last quarter, and those numbers were even higher in October, Melbourne listings surged 32% and Sydney saw 33%. So we look forward to similar surging and soaring in the U.S. market when mortgage rates moderate.
Robert Thomson: I think, Alan, I answered the second question just now. So we will have to wait for the appeal there. The market itself is still obviously suffering from the heavy burden of mortgage rates here in the U.S. As for structure, look, we agree with the general thesis that the company has been transformed over the past decade and the full value of our incomparable assets is not fully represented in the share price. And that’s a tribute to the leaders of all our business from Rebecca in London to Patrick at Foxtel and to all our teams who have navigated through fundamental changes in each of their sectors and through the pandemic and the subsequent surge in interest rates. And as you can divine from today’s numbers, we are in a truly different position to most media companies with a robust balance sheet and are poised for even greater growth and profitability in the coming years when the economic heavens return to equilibrium. But at the same time, we are consciously and constantly reviewing our structure and have already taken tangible steps to clarify internal corporate structures to ensure that we have maximum flexibility in that overall structural consideration.
Robert Thomson: Sure. Obviously, the trends across the mass heads vary by segment and region and algorithm changes can have a short-term impact. Though we do have a strong relationship with both Google and Facebook, and they tend to respond thoughtfully to any infulicities that we identify and I’d particularly like to call out Sundar Pichai and his trustee team, who are conscious of the importance of journalists and journalism. Specifically, at Dow Jones, advertising was down 3%, which was a marked improvement after a 14% decline in the prior quarter, both digital and print reported improvement in trend lines. And there was a more modest decline of 8% in the U.K. But most of that was actually in print as digital advertising was flat compared to the same quarter last year. And the New York Post, while flat overall, actually saw an increase in print related advertising as the paper continued to expand its social, political and commercial reach.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, it would obviously be inappropriate to comment on any shareholder in particular and actually inappropriate to comment on any shareholder comment. But as I have made clear, we are conscientiously reviewing our structure and have taken steps corporately to ensure that we have maximum flexibility that of itself reflects the constant institutional introspection that characterizes the way we oversee these very valuable assets.
Robert Thomson: Craig, look, obviously, HarperCollins’ journey through a rather unique period of unusual circumstances. The pandemic, logistical issues at Amazon, cost pressures and it has emerged from that confluence -- complexity with a strong front, backlist and margins actually dramatically improvement -- improving from the 4% in the final quarter of last fiscal to 12.4%. So we are seeing that margin improvement already. And there’s also no doubt that there’s reason for excitement about the entry of Spotify into audio books. Over the past few years, audio books have been by far the fastest-growing sector. And Spotify itself has really transformed both the concept and the experience of streaming. And so Daniel Ek and I have been discussing audio books for a few years, and we have reached an agreement on a model that is great for orders, for book lovers, for Spotify, and for us. The early signs from the U.K. and Australian markets are certainly positive. And if those trends hold, audio, which now comprise about 45% of digital sales will reach a far higher threshold level, we will be generating significantly more revenue, and as you asked, be improving our EBITDA.
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho, just in relation to your question on Foxtel, we expect a modest return this year and anticipate the bulk of the repayments to come over the next few years. That’s obviously dependent on the current plans and cash flow position.
Susan Panuccio: And Craig, maybe just to add, we do expect continued profit growth in the balance of the year given certainly the prior year compares subject, of course, to that consumer demand that Robert talked about, but we expect it to be at a more modest rate than Q1. And we are hopeful that the EBITDA margin can remain positive to last year and in the low double digits for the full year having delivered the 12.3% in Q1. So I expect that margin rate will be more over the medium-term when we look to lift it.
Susan Panuccio: Darren, we don’t, as you know, give out specific yields. You may recollect that actually over the course of probably the last 18 months, we have been seeing increases in yields that have helped us offset some of those declines. You could imagine in the current market it’s obviously challenging to be pushing yields up in the U.S. So look, I think what we would say is that we just continue to balance where we think we can push yields in certain markets with the current macro environment. That’s probably all we can say on that.
Susan Panuccio: Craig. Look, if you think about the next quarter, you could probably expect costs to be relatively in line with what we have seen in Q1. As we mentioned, we do want to continue to invest in that business. We see a huge opportunity in that business when the market picks up. We want to make sure that we are in the best position to take advantage of that. Some of the investment areas that we are looking at are building our product investment having a look at marketing, obviously, just given the competitive position there. It’s really important that we do that. So we will probably back in some of those cost investments depending on how revenue trends.
