Robert Thomson: Entcho, Robert here. Look, the U.S. property market is replete with contradictions. Obviously, mortgage rates have risen. But by historical standards, they are relatively low and have been hovering around 5% in recent days. Obviously, also, there are ways to get lower rates than that in the shorter term. Our price increases have abated in much of the U.S., meaning internal increases, which patently strained affordability. And I mentioned earlier, our active inventory in June was actually up 19% year-on-year. So the more listings, the more opportunities for our teams. And having properties on the market for longer is not a problem, but generally a plus. It really doesn't suit us if a house is sold in 4 minutes or, frankly, takes 4 years, somewhere in between is ideal. So it's a volatile market, certainly, but opportunity abounds.
Robert Thomson: Kane, obviously, The Lord of the Rings series or the series based on The Lord of the Rings is going to have a profound impact on HarperCollins' performance, and the related publicity will no doubt stimulate sales. We're not in a position to give you an accurate forecast for the future, but it is fair to say it's going to be a significant moment for HarperCollins in coming months.
Robert Thomson: Alan, I think it's fair to say we've entered a new Facebook phase. We have a 3-year agreement with Facebook in Australia. But beyond that, we have open discussions with Facebook on the role of professional content in areas from sport video to the Metaverse. Just one brief diversion. To be fair, some of the political pressures on Facebook to sensor content are rather perverse. The definition of disinformation or misinformation is often political and disingenuous. So some sympathy for them in that instance.  But more broadly, look, we set out with a clear aim of redefining the value of news content, and that value surely has been to be defined permanently and positively. And that's definitely to the benefit of journalists and communities around the world. We have extended our significant Apple deal, thanks to Tim Manet, who both firmly believe in news. And our engagement with Google is creative and purposeful, thanks to Sundar and his team. We are, however, still waiting patiently for commission checks from other publishers around the world.
Robert Thomson: Look, we're very proud of REA's performance. I would leave it to Owen and the team here to give you specifics. And we're passionate generally about digital property. As you know, there's real cooperation between and among the teams. And we do see a confluence in a broader market trends with more emphasis on providing sell-side solutions in the U.S. market, which is the strengths characteristically the Australian market, where we provide premium solutions for agents. More broadly, for News Corp, we're constantly reviewing the structure of the company. We're institutionally introspective and certainly never complacent self-satisfied or smug.
Robert Thomson: Well, John, the most important aspect for us is listings the number of leads and then our ability through the traditional lead model as well as the referral model to maximize the value of each of those leads. And then as I mentioned earlier on, mortgages, those leads now have more value because the refi market has imploded and the origination market has increased and relatively important. So what we've created with the team at Realtor is an ability to maximize returns on any particular lead. And so that model will be something that provides us robust revenues regardless of a certain amount of volatility, volatility indeed, that may be efficacious for the market.
Robert Thomson: And one further point, John, even ad sales at Realtor.com have become more precise, more focused, taking the advantage of our yield lessons elsewhere in our media properties, and ads were up 11% at Realtor.com last year.
Susan Panuccio: And I think the only other thing that I could add to that, Kane, is that, obviously, given it's going to be back list, we typically have higher margins on the back list than what we would see in the first year for front list titles.
Susan Panuccio: I might take that one, Craig. So look, obviously, if our revenue grows, we expect cost to increase given the variable nature of some of our businesses. And we are expecting supply chain and inflationary pressures most notably in manufacturing at HarperCollins and on newsprint prices at the mastheads together with wage inflation. Our business units are so far more in tune with the levers that they can use having successfully navigated the past couple of years. We do have a healthy pipeline of ongoing cost-saving initiatives, which gives us confidence that we can continue to take our cost to help mitigate some of those macro challenges.
Susan Panuccio: No, there's no acquisitions in Risk & Compliance basically within the period segment, but not Risk & Compliance.
Susan Panuccio: And Brian, just in relation to the number for Risk & Compliance, the annual revenue was $225 million for '22, 2020, excluding week 53, so 18% growth in the full year, and we had a 19% growth in Q4.
Susan Panuccio: And John, maybe I can just add to that as well. Given some of the headwinds that we face within the core legion with volumes down, we have had success in driving increased revenue given higher yield. And we've also recently launched the hybrid product, Market VIP, which we're starting to see growth, and that's getting traction as well. So that's helping to mitigate some further headwind.
