Robert Thomson: Well, the first two statistics to bear in mind is that, there are 189 million iPhones in – used in the U.S. and 1.4 billion iPhones active globally. So that’s quite a broad deep and interesting user base. The Apple deal is important. We are proud to work with companies that value journalism and are popularizing a subscription mechanic. There’s just no doubt that we are reaching a far larger audience with Apple, readers who may have had preconceptions about The Wall Street Journal, and imagine that it was just the world’s best business newspaper. Well, it’s much more than that. It is the most trusted masthead in America. Its coverage of politics is by far the best in the business and its lifestyle and sports coverage is peerless. There is no better wittiest sportswriter than Jason Gay, and I just hope my compliments don’t go to his [or she did] [ph]. We are attracting more younger readers and more women from our internal data, that’s very early obviously in the Apple relationship. But what we’re not doing is compromising the business subscribers for whom we will provide even more specialist information.
Robert Thomson: And just to complement Susan’s answer, Entcho, the decisive factor from a macro perspective, a strategic perspective is that more publishers are charging and more readers expect to be charged. That pattern has not been long and emerging. But as the sensibility is socialized, we should be able to charge higher prices for our great journalism. And are we at the end of that journey? Certainly not. But we have traveled further down the road that many people have imagined possible a couple of years ago.
Robert Thomson: Well, the prevailing winds in the property market haven’t been particularly auspicious. And I would cite them at this stage as being the most significant influencing factor. And obviously, we acquired Opcity with the aim of providing quality leads to realtors, value-added leads that genuinely add value for our customers and are valuable for us. And we’re in the very early stage of its development. And clearly, there has been some investment to build up that platform, and that clearly has an impact on EBITDA. But I would still remind you that core real estate revenue at realtor rose 14% year-on-year in that sluggish property market and that the audience in April did indeed rise to a record 69 million uniques. And that momentum has certainly continued in May according to our Journal figures.
Robert Thomson: Yes. Look, we’re very happy with our asset mix. But it’s fair to say that we’re constantly reviewing that. And one thing that’s not appreciated at times is the complementarity between those assets, for example, between realtor and our digital media properties which have played a crucial role in generating traffic for realtor. And you can see from the two most significant investments we’ve made, Move, realtor.com as it’s better known, and Harlequin now a crucial part of HarperCollins that they have been transformative for both digital real estate and Book Publishing and have made us much more a digital company and much more a global company to the benefit of all investors. But we’re constantly reviewing that portfolio to ensure that both in the medium and long-term that investor interest are taken care of.
Robert Thomson: Well, what you have is The Wall Street Journal is obviously through a different prism, different configuration and it’s designed for a general reader. And at the same time, we’ve clearly enhanced the business experience on professional app. So that if you look now, for example, at the financial sector or the tech sector, that there are many more articles than there were a month ago. So we’re very conscious that it’s a different audience and audience that may not have thought of itself as a Wall Street Journal audience. But we firmly believe that the number of people who will appreciate, benefit from and buy The Wall Street Journal will be enhanced by that partnership.
Robert Thomson: Well, look, I wouldn’t comment on upcoming contract negotiations other than to say that the Game of Thrones has been a tremendous hit for Foxtel and Foxtel Now in Australia. And again, it would be invidious to give you a hard and fast number. But what is very, very clear is that the growth in Kayo is significant, it’s real. And we’ve made clear that we’re in a development phase and there will be investment, but we’re already seeing the results of that investment. Kayo has been in the market for barely six months and frankly, you’re not just building a brand, but you’re changing habits and meeting changing habits. And the key thing is that what is extremely clear from what we have seen in recent months is that Australians are prepared to pay for higher-quality content delivered when they want to watch, and it must be what they want to watch. And the great enduring myth was that Australians wouldn’t pay. Australians are paying.
Robert Thomson: Well, obviously, we can’t go into the details of the commercial arrangement. But conceptually, we want Foxtel to be a broad platform to provide the services that Australian consumers want to use. And this particular deal is even – is indicative of that strategy.
Susan Panuccio: Hi, Entcho. Thanks for the question. I think – look at – you’re right, there’s no real FX impact coming through in those particular subscribers. I mean, what I would say is that the subscribers quarter-on-quarter do ebb and flow. We are happy actually with the growth that we’ve seen with Wall Street this quarter and we do expect it actually to pick up into the next quarter as well. But in addition to that, we have seen strong growth across our quality masthead around – within the UK and also within Australia. So I think overall, we are very comfortable with the level of growth that we’ve got and we do expect that to continue.
Susan Panuccio: Alan, I’ll go first. I think it’s important to note that we actually do have a lot of flexibility internally and externally in relation to that financing. And what we do constantly balance is providing the right flexibility for that business at the appropriate cost. It’s also important to note that we’ve put it in as a shareholder loan, so we see that as optionality moving forward in relation to that.
Susan Panuccio: Yes, just in relation to circulation, so in local currency, Dow Jones was up 7%. Australia was up 3%. News UK was up 2%. So overall circulation revenues were up 4% in local currency.
Susan Panuccio: And Craig, just in relation to the reported numbers, so UK down 4% and Australia down 7%, obviously, Down Jones in line.
Susan Panuccio: Eric, just to follow-up to that just in relation to the market size. We obviously are looking at the market, the 70% of subscribers that don’t take sports, and we know that our penetration has been for the 30% or just below that for quite sometime on the core broadcast product. We also know from our research that there are about 6 million to 8 million Australians who are very passionate about sports. 70% of that group do not subscribe to Foxtel. And our research also estimates that 4 million of that group are willing to pay for content in some way, shape or form. So that’s really the audience that we’re aiming at.
