Chase Carey: I am probably not going to quantify it with specificity at this point. What is clear is it is a transforming event. It really puts the network on a path where it is a profitable business that generates the type of profit I think it should for the audience and the importance it represents in the marketplace. In terms of timing, we have two of the top ten distributors done. We are obviously in very early stages. There really are two fronts to this issue. One is through our O&O’s where we deal directly with distributors. The second is through the affiliate body. First, in the arena where we deal directly it is about a 3-4 year process and in the next two years about half of the distribution universe is up with us we will deal with it. In terms of the affiliates who are engaged now, we think we value the relationship. We think it is important that we reach a fair conclusion. That being said we think the network is the most valuable and important programming we provide to consumers. We have begun those discussions but those discussions will really probably continue in the months to come. Certainly they will move forward. We are engaged now and we will move forward on those. Again with the affiliates their deals come up with distributors likewise and probably that same 3 plus year timeframe. I think that is the broad context. Obviously we have a lot of work left to do but I think this really does set us on course and points us in a direction that Fox Network can assume the role it should. It is the most important television channel we have. It is the force that drives our television business and it should generate profits that reflect it and we think we stand on that course.
Chase Carey: I think it puts us…overly simplistic to say everything is fixed. We have great management there. We are a number one network. I think it puts us on a course where we can generate the profits we should at the network. So yes, I think it is simplistically it fixes it but it certainly puts it in a competitive place where it has a dual revenue stream like successful cable networks does and those that it competes with.
Chase Carey: We think film financing is still an intelligent way to run the business. As we negotiate them going forward we negotiate them. It is a negotiation like anything else. There is value inherent in a sequel.
Chase Carey: On the ad market, on a positive it continues to be really good in a very strong ad market. The network is still doing scatter business at 15%, sort of mid teens above the up front. The cable channels really solid, double digits in news. The entertainment business on the cable side probably in the neighborhood of 20% of up front. Sports which has probably been the one that probably had the toughest road to hoe given some things like autos is actually stronger than it has been. So the ad market has really been a solid market. In the station business I think Dave said it the station business we have a quarter that looks like it will be sort of mid to high teen’s year-over-year. So you still have an environment where I would say you don’t have the visibility historically you had and people talk about the economy and how reliable are some of the positive things you are seeing but certainly with those qualifications what we are experiencing and dealing with in the marketplace all continues to be positive from an advertising perspective really across stations, network and cable.
Chase Carey: In terms of what is the longer-term profitability of the broadcast business and the network combined, it is certainly…I am not going to be specific. It is certainly $1 billion plus business.
Chase Carey: I think as we look at Sky Italia, if I look next calendar year roughly probably it is not where we are focused on sub growth. I think it probably is a more stable sub environment. So that tough economy. We sort of really are getting to the end of digesting the price increase, the VAT increase that occurred close to a year ago. So it helps just as we absorb that. I think we had to adjust to some of the issues in terms of selling our product with the loss of advertising space on the media fat channels. Again, I think we are making adjustments and the court has given us the right to do it. I think we are again, sort of appropriately getting on top of that. Given that environment our focus in the short-term we are looking at stabilizing that appropriately and managing the business in a tough environment. I think if you look through towards the end of the year and going forward we do really still think we have a lot of sub growth in front of us. It is a market that still has only 30% pay penetration. We have a great product. I think we have a great brand and a great franchise in the market place and we really should be able to build on that position as we go forward. The Soccer deal we have a deal done for three years so we have CPI type increases in the next three years so we have a pretty predictable situation in terms of those costs. And I think our focus in the short-term again we will probably be on stabilize the business dealing with some of the issues we have had like churn. Churn has been a challenge this year and again similar with the price increase. The market itself but I think we feel we are taking the steps to get on top of it but I guess if I had to look for something in the short-term I think something like churn would be the type of measure we would be focused on and improving efficiencies and really stabilizing that business in a tough environment so it can grow which it should.
Chase Carey: I would second that. If you look at it in two levels in the U.S. I think you are going to head into a period where it is quality over quantity and I think we said that before. I think if you got really strong channels you should be able to drive them. I think we are more popular than ever. I think we are continuing to take share and if you look at our big drive channels FX is nowhere near what USA generates. Nat Geo nowhere near where something like Discovery Channel generates. Fox News realistically, Fox News just continues to get stronger and stronger. I don’t know there is a channel that is more important or powerful in the television universe in the U.S. I think that channel has great upside to it. I think those powerful channels which are going to drive it have a lot of room left to grow and is something we are bullish about. The international marketplace which is the other front really at its core is going to get driven as the international pay TV business really follows the U.S. business in terms of growth and penetration first and foremost. We are a leader in most of the places we deal if we do business so we are in a great position to take advantage of those markets as they grow in terms of size, penetration and the like. We think that business internationally has enormous growth ahead of it as the market grows and we take advantage of the position and we enter those competitive markets. It is a business that has a lot of room to grow. I know everybody asks where does the money come from. Realistically we want good relationships with distributors but the distributors are making a lot of money with big, healthy profit margins. I guess those will be the negotiations we have in the marketplace to get our fair share for the quality of the content we have.
Chase Carey: We haven’t put a date out. We are not going to…we will have actually the second copy. We want the opportunity to have it evolve as much as 3D Avatar down road but not in this window. The only thing I will say on the film is if you look year-over-year we had a pretty good second half last year so in terms of what is driving year-over-year compared to when you get to the second half we had a pretty good film year in the second half. I wouldn’t say it is the film that is driving the second half.
Chase Carey: I guess in some ways Rome wasn’t built in a day. We have important relationships with distributors. We want to get fair value for our content but I think in all honesty we tried to approach this constructively. We built businesses with them. We built valuable cable channels. We feel we have enormous value in the Fox network. We felt with the right thing to do was to try and take a big step forward to get the value of that Fox content recognized. Could you argue it is worth significantly more? Sure. You could. There are a lot of issues involved. Certainly you did hear noise from an array of fronts and I think you try to take all those factors in terms of the relationship you have with them in other businesses, the broader marketplace and try to figure out how do you get this to a place that at least gets us started in terms of recognizing the fair value for the Fox Network. It doesn’t have…I think what we are trying not to do is while it is a difficult negotiation and a negotiation that ultimately was really destructive to a point that fractured a lot of things in a way that it wasn’t sort of respecting how do we continue to build a business with the distributors as we have over the last X years.
Chase Carey: I think over time we expect we should get a value that is reflective of the value of our content. It is a matter of how do you get there in a way that is I guess people would call it aggressive and another level that we tried to be respectful of an array of fronts and relationships.
Chase Carey: I think what I said was again the ones we deal directly with we have some [inaudible] of affiliates but we don’t have quite the visibility through the affiliate side, but my guess is it is not dissimilar. The ones we deal with directly it is a 3-4 year process. Probably in the next few years about half of the sub base about half of them or so.
Chase Carey: I think in terms of film libraries again it is certainly value. You have to look at a DVD market that is in decline not growth which is a significant part of it. On the flip side the television market overseas is pretty healthy. The second issue on film library is you need that current product that clearly reinvigorates. If you just have a stale library that sits there and gets stale over time it is probably a depreciating asset. So I think it is important in a film library that has current product flowing in that continues to give it a currency and liveliness to it. I think in terms of the long-term cable, long-term cable margins I think we could leave it as we have got it and we continue to drive and in some ways the business is as quickly as you take global franchises that probably have opportunities. National Geographic, National Geographic Wild, the type of content that really travels around the world I think gives us an opportunity to really create value very cost efficiently and the like. So I think we feel good about where the cable business is and opportunities to continue to drive those margins forward.
Chase Carey: The biggest [tailgate] in the film was we actually had a very good last year a very weak first half and much stronger second half. So we have comparative to last year we got a big benefit in the first half on a comparison from a weak film business the first six months of fiscal 2009.
Chase Carey: Before turning to the press inquiries which will be next, I would like to leave investors with a few closing comments. We obviously feel good about our second quarter results and the momentum of our business for the rest of the year with our fiscal 2010 guidance doubling from a quarter ago. But with these results do not really reflect the degree to which our businesses are truly positioned to grow over the next few years. In broadcasting as we have touched on we are now on track to build a dual revenue stream business that enables Fox to achieve a value that equals its strength and its importance to viewers. Our leadership in content creation in both film and television as Rupert said, continues to build as many of our competitors struggle and new technologies like 3D and mobile platforms open up new avenues of revenue growth. At the same time these new platforms and devices open up new avenues for our new sports and print content. Our cable channels have great momentum both in the U.S. and overseas. In the U.S. we believe quality brands and content will be the real winners. Channels like Fox News and Nat Geo ideally position us. Internationally we have built a position of true leadership that will take advantage of its subscription TV as it catches up with the U.S. and around the world. These businesses while they are all unique franchises provide News Corporation a great opportunity to drive our profits and cash flow to a whole new level as we grow beyond this year. Thank you. With that I guess we will turn it over to the press.
Chase Carey: Trend wise clearly things have improved. We have got work in progress. I think it is better service.
Chase Carey: Given we are selling scatter pricing at 15-20% off, I think we would probably have to take the cancellation. We are in a very good place in terms of what we have sold. So…
Chase Carey: If things continue, and we can’t really predict the upfront but if they continue as they are now it will be better. There is a lot of time between now and then.
Rupert Murdoch: I will answer on Avatar first. We put in some of the costs of course were taken in the last quarter. Avatar we think about 60% of the profits, perhaps better, will be in the following six months. Over the next two quarters. Which means we certainly plan to release the DVD as soon as possible. But it is continuing for a great period it seems in the cinemas.
Rupert Murdoch: Sequels, we are in very early talks about it. Jim has ideas for one. We haven’t come to any agreement with him or budgets or timing or anything. Being Jim Cameron I wouldn’t hold your breath for an early one.
Rupert Murdoch: Not necessarily. We are very happy with the way the break up has come. Jim Cameron’s pictures tend to go over budget and we like to lay off the risk of loss. 60/40, 50/50. You are in that area. We don’t know if there is still going to be the money there but I think after the experience of our partners this time they will be back.
Rupert Murdoch: Ask anybody. It is very easy to drop $100 million in a hurry on a film and we like to lay off a lot of the risk.Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: On the…
Rupert Murdoch: I think you could say this quarter looks like the stations will be up 18-19% but you must remember we are now beginning to compare with some very bad quarters last year and are we down on the booms years of two years ago? Yes, certainly. But our profits are very well up on last year.
Rupert Murdoch: Certainly in Sky News we have had most of the effect of the big increase in the price we are charging for it but we have another year to go before everybody [cut] kicks in. It probably will not be as big an increase as this year but it is a very solid one, turning a big double figure. Overall, we think we have great potential for growth in our existing channels both in profits and in distribution. We have quite a long way to go yet. When you look at the profits of a long established channel like USA we have got plenty of room for growth.
Rupert Murdoch: Basically throughout the world outside of America which is pretty fully developed you have about 20% growth in Pay television wherever you look, wherever it is available in the world. We are on those platforms and we get that 20% growth. We expect to put other channels on, to charge more and improve them. We have a very big future ahead of us there. I think we have really only just started.
Rupert Murdoch: I would just like to add the big cable companies are making really great operating profits and what we are asking for and even of our network competitors ask for the same and get the same is certainly not going to kill the cable companies. Maybe 10% of their operating profits. We still have 2-3 years to pass through.
Rupert Murdoch: There are two questions. Film libraries. It is just a matter of opinion what they are worth. The big one, MGM is for the most part very old and there are some good films there. The right price we would be interested but it appears that others are more interested. I think you can count us out of that one altogether. We don’t know how that will end up. I can rule out Miramax right away.
Rupert Murdoch: This quarter we honestly do not have any visibility on the last quarter and certainly you will be paying the usual business of charging a lot for new films for the next financial year.
Rupert Murdoch: We don’t like the Amazon model of selling everything at $9.99. They don’t pay us that. They pay us the full wholesale price of $14 or whatever we charge. We think it really devalues books and it hurts all the retailers of the hard cover books. We are not against [inaudible] books. On the contrary we like them very much indeed. It is low cost to us and so on. But we want some room to maneuver in it. Amazon, sorry Apple in its agreement with us which has not been disclosed in detail does allow for a variety of slightly higher prices. There will be prices very much less than the printed copies of books but still will not be fixed in a way that Amazon has been doing it. It appears that Amazon is now ready to sit down with us again and renegotiate pricing.
Rupert Murdoch: We are looking at various alternatives. I don’t think we are ready to announce what they will be. We won’t be ready yet to make an announcement but we are in the midst of a lot of talks with a lot of people that are coming to a head and I think you will hear a lot more from us over the next two months.
Rupert Murdoch: On the search the answer is yes. It does fall short. I think we have seen on both, everybody I think Facebook sees this too that people using social networks do not use search a great deal. But our advertising is showing a little bit better strength for the future. It has been disappointing and there is a lot going on there. We have made tremendous reorganizations and it is really too early to make confident predictions.
Rupert Murdoch: We will be going to the upfront as the number one network and stronger than anybody else but that is about all we can say.
Rupert Murdoch: It will certainly be true for all of our publications. We will see how it develops. It wouldn’t surprise me if Australia is a couple of months behind the other countries. It is just a tremendous amount of work to do everywhere.
Rupert Murdoch: No, certainly very different ones. NBC’s problem was their move from 10 to 11 reduced the lead into all their news services which reduced the news service ratings which in turn gave Conan a much less lead in than Leno had been getting. We don’t have that problem. On the other hand, all our affiliates tend to run syndicated programming from 11 to 11:30. Most of them profitably. It will take time to adjust. If we started to go ahead and do it and do it at 11:00 rather than 11:30 immediately I am sure we would have some difficult negotiations. But I am speculating. We will have to wait and see.
