Chase Carey: Yeah, I mean its revenue and I guess it’s a little bit, I mean the billions of profit numbers. Obviously retrans is a revenue so, but probably not going to specific dollar on it, there has been a fair amount out there about how what we are looking to get for it. So that’s sort of the speculation speak for itself. Yeah, I think we’ve got, I think we’re pretty well sort of defined the market for us in terms of the O&O. The affiliate side is probably, we are more actively engaged in right now. Well, I guess its big numbers. This is certainly, it’s hundreds of millions of dollars. It change with the nature of this business. And in many ways, I think that broadcast network should look like a cable network and it should have two real meaningful streams of revenue, subscription and advertising as we look for this to be a significant part of the revenue for that broadcast business.
Chase Carey: Yes, we’re assuming a pretty mean growth. I think our view of the economy right now would probably be, you’ve got sort of a pretty low growth economy and obviously look at the short-term the ad market, right. We’re sitting here with scatter pricing that is more than a third of the up front and we’re not assuming that we’re assuming, you’re going to have an ad market that is pretty modest growth that sort of reflects an economy that I think we do assume right now is pretty modest growth.
Chase Carey: On the advertising markets, it is really strong. I mean seriously TV is leading and I guess I would say National TV in particular. So when you look at the broadcast network and when I touched the scatter the Cable Networks and right now Cable, second half growth looks stronger than the first half growth. And so it is certainly very good. It is good in the station side. The comps get tougher in the station side. So year-on-year we’re not going to have the type of year-on-year growth in the second and the third quarter that we did in the first two. But it's really good solid growth and really across the broadcast platforms ad revenues, I mean across the newspaper be it both Dow Jones, UK, Australia are all up. They are not up like the TV business but it’s double-digit. But they’re, I think that they’re up and it’s getting to look pretty good. And obviously we have the Super Bowl on top of it falling in on Sunday.
Chase Carey: I mean international, yeah international it’s somewhat higher than the domestic. So, the International Networks on pretty almost any front you want to look at are doing great. And I think that the fact we have this quarter and observe the fight with EchoStar and the fights with Cablevision which were both lax in the quarter and come out with those results, that affected both profits, ad dollars and the like as it speaks to the strength of the businesses. But the International Cable Networks would be leading it and certainly there is nothing seems to be anything slowing it down as we look at the second half of the year. What did you say the second…
Chase Carey: I think it's again, I prefer to call it authentication because I think it's a better price I think it sort of as you move forward into an array of digital platforms, how you package it and create value out of it. So I think it's a good thing, I think it's a bit of a, it has struggled to get going. I think to some degree it’s been encumbered by a cable industry that tries to create too many walls around it. I think if, it is going to be enhanced a bit. It was approached in a more open like where it had a more of an opportunity for an array of digital platforms to consist in an authenticated world. And I think it will be a good thing if we get some traction. But do I think its, but it’s got a, like at the end of the day its success is going to be built on making it a good experience for the consumers and if you turn to find other options which is like I think cable industry ought to sort of, the cable satellite industry just about, the distribution industry ought to find a way to make it more open and enticing and appealing and an opportunity for consumers and what does it do a good job and succeed, because then if they, consumers are going to migrate to where to the experiences they value and like. But I think authentication is an important initiative and something we'd like to see succeed even it’s a little frustrating, it’s been talked about for two years and still hasn’t yet gotten very far.
Chase Carey: No, I mean authentication I'm really talking about sort of the ability to going to have that sort of add on to the core programming package of wherever it come from, what you want to see, when you want to see it, you know, where you want to see it. And provide that experience and provide it in a rewarding way and I think that rewarding way isn’t simply saying you can see it on cablecompany.com or fox.com and that’s your only two choices as opposed to saying, you can get that type of experience in an array of places. But I am really talking about this sort of the enhanced experience what you think is authenticate. And authentication is about, it’s adding the enhanced experience of getting what you want, where you want, when you want it on top of the core-programming package.
Chase Carey: Yeah, I don’t assume it like, I truly believe the value of that, I understand that we have to take less, the value what they get in that package is fabulous. I think the breadth of what you got there is unique when it covers sort of from sports to news, to entertainment and the like. And I think in American households today live on it, maybe not every 23 year old understand, but I think it is kind of everything to see about it. Any of the noise about the pressures today I think are really economically driven at a tough time when you have people struggling with unemployment rate where it is that have to make in a very difficult and the trade-offs in the day-to-day life, but I think the value for this package and the importance of it, has real legs to it.
Chase Carey: Yeah, and first it's not doubling, I mean it’s strong, I mean it's not, right now it feels its not stronger so I wouldn’t, it's not like it exploded in the second half, but it's not stronger than it was in the first half.
Chase Carey: I think for content owners having players like Netflix emerge and certainly has real pop to it to the sense they are another buyer of our product. And I think that’s largely with somebody like, I just think with Fox.com which is like the I think it’s the line is soft of currencies and products which is really more where the fox.com reside and sort of a delayed access to current product which is different than sort of the, where the Netflix (Inaudible) which is more what I consider library product. I mean product and with the effort and they may all, obviously those things can change but I do think they are different and to the degree Netflix is like a deal item. : And I think probably channels like to say if I’m going to pay a lot of money for Modern Family I want to buy it upright but it’s not showing up on a competing platform. At least I know what it is for adjusting my value and I think for us as a buyer because we’re a buyer as well in FX, I would not be buying reruns, indication rights to a an expensive piece of programming and letting it go reside on Netflix for 20 million copies up. Yeah I think that’s, the place they reside it is, I think how I look at it. We have to make sure that we’re getting fair value for our product. We shouldn’t be selling it cheap and I think at times people have sold their products cheap. I think the Star’s deal with Netflix is probably the ultimate example of product being sold beyond cheap. And I think we can get fair value for our products. There are other buyer for our product and other medium for our product.
Chase Carey: Yeah, on the movie side, I guess early windows specifically electronic distribution I guess more broadly and I think it’s very important for us. I think the early window, its not 30 days, its 60 days I think is an important opportunity for us to create something that isn’t, it is a different experience. I think it’s different than the theatre. Theatrical side is important to us. We need to make sure we protect the strengths of that. But I think that window to get it properly priced and it’s something, I think it’s something you’ll see in short-term and certainly I think the first half of this year you’ll see people moving forward there. I think the broader electronic distribution is equally important. I think we need to make sure, if you ask me the most attractive part of it is we can price our product and looking at, price experience in a way that gets us fair value and I don't think sort of whatever short-term windows that get us a dollar a rental is fair value for our product and these electronic distribution platforms enable us to get there and to put appropriate pricing, fair pricing on our product in various windows. So I think we should be aggressively developing these distribution platforms. RSNs, a strike is always tough to sort of, you don’t know it’s going to last, A, is it going to happen, is it going to last a day, is it going to last a month, is it going to last what have you. So I don’t think it’ll last forever, so you're not making, there are limits down much you could really make plans for something that probably as a realistic outside to it that isn't that long. Basketball's important to us, I think we try to do we could, whether it means next college games or things we could go after and we try to mitigate it, but we’re not in these, so we hope these strikes don't happen. We hope already they reach settlements. But I think as we get some little visibility and predictability at the time, you sort of probably do what you can in the very short term to mitigate, but stuffed up that’s really makes significant plans and given just the nature of the uncertainty around it.
Chase Carey: Well, we've been pretty judicious on what we've done with them, first our movie program really, we're not one of the seriousness more aggressive and I think even our TV products are pretty limited. So I think they’ve grown enough probably anybody who did a deal with them, to their credit, they did a deal and probably have exceeded everybody's expectations on growth. So probably very few deals you get them saying, predict the same growth they’ve had. So probably made them, good for them, but in all honesty our deals we've been pretty judicious and I think we value our products highly.
Chase Carey: First there was nothing unusual in the quarter. Yeah, I think we’ve sort of talked about little bit about middle of the calendar year that we had digested in the prior time a number of events and I think we got our footing and you can have some packages and made some adjustments to the fact we can’t buy ad time on media that will sell ad time and the like and got our mojo back and sort of I think they have done a good job and look we got a better package. We got the offerings that should be the dominant one there. And I think they’re doing good things and I expect that momentum to continue. And I think our focus right now is really on growing the business. This is a country still that is not, is still sort of third penetrated in terms of pay. It’s got a lot of growth left in the market and we think it's important at this point in time, that sort of where is the focus is to take share. And we’ve got to manage all lines, but I think it’s a real opportunity for us to what, to do that. And hopefully, Dave mentioned 5 million sub milestones, but it’s a big country that loves TV. So we feel great about the long-term future of this business.
Chase Carey: I think in terms of the TV stations, there are some ups and down, you look at this quarter on pages, we didn’t have the BCFs, we do have the Super Ball in the third quarter, I think third quarter, we’re looking at pacings that are probably low-double digits as pacing what was on Myspace. Again, I think like our focus is going to be really said on the strategic options, I think if you look at it financially.
Chase Carey: Yeah. Now I think anything financially be a bit better than the first half, but not, while it’ll be better than the first half but I think our focus is really set on pursuing the strategic options for it.
Chase Carey: No, for sure. Hulu, they’ve done a great job and they continue to grow. I think they have launched a subscription dimension to it. We think that's an important dimension. I think we are believers in dual revenue stream. So it adds up, I think it adds a dynamic, provides opportunities. And I think the digital marketplace is going to continue to evolve and I think Hulu has created a fabulous brand. I think they’ve done a great job creating a great experience. Obviously, they can speak for themselves, so I’m not going to speak too much about their strategy, but I think they’ve developed an enormous following and set of fans and I think we’re well-positioned to continue to take advantage of these emerging digital marketplaces, but it looks like the dual revenue I think are important for them and built on content, so it's important for us. I think what we're going to try to continue to make sure is we feel our content's being, again, I'll use the same phrase properly monetized in all those digital models including Google.
Chase Carey: I guess I talked about Modern Family. I guess we would [second] (inaudible) Modern Family I think will be the highest first cycle show ever sold into the marketplace and I think what's driving it is that we have good shows. I mean, I think as people get more and more choices, I think where you get hurt is if you're sort of chopped liver in the middle and if you got hits, I think the value it hits is bigger than ever. You’ve got the NFL or American Idol, Glee, the ability and owner of Modern Family is not always the owner network but when you have those types of shows they have extraordinary value, importance, and power. And I think TV continues to prove itself as a sort of something of importance to consumers and value advertisers second to none. I mean you look at the ad market, as I said, on these national broadcaster cable networks, demand from an advertising perspective is incredible. And I think it shows the power of television, power to importance to consumers or the power to advertisers. And if you guy hit shows that stand out in a world of 200 channels, it's value.
Chase Carey: And I guess, yeah, I'm not sure, you could argue both, I think it’s like the TV and sort of go back of a value of a bundle. I mean, I could argue and I would argue today, the TV experience is a much richer one and much more rewarding one for consumers who get choice all the time in an array of things more ways to access the products, more technologies get put out there, so I think it is sort of it is a richer experience but I think equally you could end up saying it's sort of hits. As you get more choice, the hits just become more unique and more important but and I probably argue probably either. I’d argue it from the left or the right, it’s sort of a glass half full, glass half empty I think.
Chase Carey: Okay. Guess the last part first. The Daily's not a newspaper product. It's a news product. We're in the news business, just as Fox News is in the news but I think the [incentive] today is the launch of this. It's a news product that’s taking advantage of a new technological platforms, the tablet or the iPad and I don't think you should think about it as sort of big part of our newspaper business or as part of our television business. : I'm not going to rule out sort of finding things in the dot com world, but I think for us the digital places we bring unique strengths or when we could take our brands and our expertise and our content and figure out how do you develop digital extensions or digital experiences based on the content brands that we have and we’ve got fabulous ones around the world. And I think one of great things about these digital platforms which will get to the back is, realistically you can create them, in a whole different at a pretty modest level of investment in the whole different scale, because you don't have all the other thing that go with it, I mean you don’t have, compared to newspapers, you don’t have paper distribution returns and the rest in lot of the infrastructure that goes with all these businesses. I think that’s quite adamant on that but really about five hours into its launch I’m probably not going to put a break even day.
Chase Carey: I’ve seen that the leverage obviously in this is pretty good okay, in this case probably ups or down of today.
Chase Carey: Well, I guess two different questions. I mean, I think on a per device range, I think actually in some degree, I mean like DirecTV that you do have, we don’t as a channel provider, but you take DirecTV, I think that you have a per device, because you need a set top box, so they can charge, so they can change you 5 or 6 bucks for, and I think actually cable guys, now they are moving to digital unless to an analog you just plug it in. They can call it a box fee or something, but there is an incremental – there is an increment at the consumer level for whether you have one, two, three or four TVs hooked up.
Chase Carey: Yeah, I think I said before I think Hulu – I think that Hulu is continuing to evolve obviously that in some ways the launch of Hulu Plus is an evolution to add a new dimension to Hulu. And right now, we’re pretty much started dealing with Hulu the same way we historically have.
Chase Carey: No, I’d say we’re going to continue to deal with Hulu from a content perspective, consist the way we have.
Chase Carey: Not sure I got all that, but we’ll just try to interpolate on it. Yeah, there has been a lot of interest, because there has been some indication, we’re pursuing that path. In other words peruse all options that can range not just a sale, but it could be you know a sale could be an investor coming into it, it could be us staying with a restructured ownership structure with management. We just think in fresh perspective with given flexibility and opportunity to really get a new life is consistent with the re launch of the product end up right sizing up the cost. The interest to-date is ranged from A to Z, from industry players, financial players, to foreign to domestic and that’s without really being out there. It’s sort of incoming. We’re not soliciting anything at this point, but we think we’ll look at all of those. I'm not going to speculate on value. We think it's a business that has got a unique level of reach and while it’s in a restructuring place has proven, put forth a path that we think has a real future to it and that we think, it has an opportunity to really be something special, but we think we ought to put it in the right place to really maximize that opportunity. I think management, the senior management there is excited. I mean obviously there has been a lot of challenges for them, but I think really believe that I’m – that they can do something special. But I think there’s, the interest sort of ranges from A to Z.
Chase Carey: We believe and we continue to believe we made a full and fair offer and we are going to approach this in a disciplined manner. Our focus on it is on the regulatory process and we're trying to move forward with that. That's probably really all I've got on it at this point. 
Chase Carey: I think on MySpace we're actively engaged in pursuing those strategic options now. And I think as I said, I think, I think the, you know, early went [out], I think guess you something you see in the first half there.
David F. DeVoe: I think what Rupert said today was, we're investing around $30 million in the first year. We have a run rate of about $500,000 of a week’s cost and breaking obviously will depend on how we do.
David F. DeVoe: So you get more cost in the short period of year, because you got start up cost associated whether you got, marketing…
David F. DeVoe: Yeah, we’re growing our product. But after it’s up and running, it’s 500,000 a week as I said, Mr. Murdoch point out today.
