Robert Thomson: Well, Entcho, generally, we’re very confident about digital subs, and clearly, the changes that Google have made to First Click Free, are the abolition of it will itself create an environment, an ecosystem, which is itself more conducive to subscription, because the fact was that Google was punishing, banishing premium content by not indexing it and so the early signs are positive, but they are, of course, early. But what you’ll see over the next couple of months is that sites like The Wall Street Journal in Australia and The Times, and our other subscription offerings are properly indexed by Google, that the content is properly surfaced and the propensity for people to subscribe should increase.
Robert Thomson: Thank you for that question, Craig. What we envisaged when we took over Move as it’s known, but Realtor.com as we prefer to refer to it, is that we would be able to use our media platforms to complement the Realtor platform to drive traffic, to increase engagement by improving news and analysis, and frankly, those things have happened. We’re really copying the model that Lachlan Murdoch often envisaged with the initial investment in REA back many years ago. And look, we’re not complaining for a second, because while it’s obviously strong growth there and you remember this time last year it was single-digit growth in revenue. It’s now well into double digits. We are constantly reflecting on what we can do better, how we can serve realtors more efficiently, but also how we can drive revenue and EBITDA and growth for the benefit of all our shareholders.
Robert Thomson: Raymond, it’s not opportune to reveal the details of those negotiations at the moment other than to say that they are ongoing at a very senior level. But it is reflective of a fundamental change in the approach to content, the content landscape, which clearly was not beneficial to producers of great journalism as we do across the world with our mastheads and has become more conducive to us being able to extract a reasonable price and increase elasticity for those mastheads. So all I can say is that it’s still early days, but it’s also fair to say that there has been a fundamental change in the attitude to content by both Google and Facebook and we are still at an early phase of that evolution of the relationship between us and those companies.
