Robert Thomson: Well, Alexia, we're constantly reviewing our situation and opportunities that may or may not arise. What we certainly won’t be doing is paying silly money for overpriced, overhyped targets. As you can see with the investments we’ve made thus far with realtor, with Harlequin, we've been able to use our existing assets to transform their value and that has been of benefit obviously to the company, but most importantly, to shareholders and we'll certainly always have shareholders in mind when contemplating any potential investments.
Robert Thomson: Certainly, we’re rare making genuine inroads it into New York where historically realtor.com hasn't had a particularly powerful presence and overall, the audience at realtor in the quarter was 61 million monthly. That was up 10% in April. 65 million. So we're still seeing a continued growth, not only in New York, but around the country. And there's much discussion at the moment about the general health of the housing market in the US. So listing volumes down about 7.2% year-on-year at present. But when you look at the broader trends in the US economy, we're clearly going through a phase or at least I would argue on route to significantly more liquidity.  The March seasonally adjusted annualized figures for sales around 5.6 million, the median sales price was up 5.8% to around 250,400. And significantly, the number of homes in the US seriously underwater in Q2 2012, that was 28.6 of US homes seriously underwater, that's down to 9.5% of homes. And given the issue with the market at the moment is not a problem of the demand, but a problem with supply and a compounding factor in the past has been a lack of job security, what -- with the strength in the US job market, you will see more people more confident about moving homes to a better job, job really means mobility, mobility means people moving and that will be good for business.
Robert Thomson: John, entitled digital paid subscribers at the journal were up 24%, so they're now 62% of overall subs. We're seeing a broad based interest in the journal, obviously, it's a business oriented publication, but also one with general appeal for a certain demographic and that is quite broad. The other thing to bear in mind with those subscriptions is that each of them is an opportunity to upsell to higher priced, higher yielding professional information.  From a broader perspective, our concern has not just been for publications, which of course is our prime concern, but also for an ecosystem, which was digitally dysfunctional, one in which premium content was actually diminished in stature by the very fact that in Google searches, you won’t basically able to find it. That has changed and we applaud that measure by Google, but as I mentioned, that's really step one on the pathway to prominence. So we're engaged and thankfully these days, unlike the past, many more publishers are engaged, not only in the US, but globally and also more governments are engaged in the debate over what the digital landscape should like. And with more focus on that ecosystem, more focus on prominence, there should be more opportunity for us for more profits.
Robert Thomson: Clearly, a problem for Foxtel and Fox Sports has been the sum allowed where they wanting the compelling sports offering, which is why we acquired the cricket rights for six years and one, cost of that sum alone a lot has been significant churn. And with churn comes cost. So we are very confident that the team will put together a compelling summer package that will make Foxtel a year round experience. It’s a little early for us to give you details -- meaningful details about the level of investment in the coming, year as Susan mentioned, we will be focusing on the development of OTT and frankly addressing issues that in the past have been problematic at Foxtel around the user interface, we want a user interface that is not in your face. And there is a real opportunity, given the new structure at Foxtel, the clearer management lines and the new team under the leadership of Patrick Delaney to take advantage of what is a peerless portfolio of sports and entertainment rights.
Robert Thomson: Well, I can only speak for our experience which is that Rupert is very much engaged in the company, actively so, as Executive Chairman. He is across all the businesses and his level of interest remains intense.
Susan Panuccio: I think I’d just also add to your question as well, we are obviously looking to expand the offering internationally in the education with students as well, but what is pleasing is the ARPU is holding up so I think that's important even as we go to this broader base. I think the other part to your question was about our office and I think it's important to note that we haven't changed our intro office in the US. So I have to remain consistent with starting that obviously that digital growth and the ARPU growth.
Susan Panuccio: And I think I’ll sort of just add, our key priorities, whilst we don’t give out guidance obviously on cost going forward and what that may look like, is to stabilize the broadcast proposition and cricket is clearly going to be an important of that as Robert mentioned, particularly over the summer months to have a look at churn and the portfolio going forward. We are looking to expand the rollout of the [indiscernible] and invest in the new box going forward and so that will be something that you will see going forward and we're also looking to improve the customer service obviously to get more customers in. We’ve also mention that we're looking to expand the OTT propositions and we want to look at sports as well as non-sports genre, but we also are right sizing the cost base. So, there's been a lot of cost work actually done today, so even before the merger happened and the pain down there is still heavily focused on looking at getting costs out, so they can balance that up with the reinvestment that we're looking at. So, there's going to be lots of activity obviously that's going to happen going forward, but it always in the quest to drive subscribers at a higher value going forward.
Susan Panuccio: I think we generally don't comment on obviously forward-looking acquisitions or divestments and I think that's a practice that we’ll stick to, but what we have said in the past is that we are always looking at our asset portfolio. We have been very clear that we're looking to simplify the portfolio and drive profitable growth. And to that end, we obviously will look at any opportunities that come our way in relation to the assets that we have down there.
Susan Panuccio: We don't comment on obviously Craig, on the forward looking projections, but obviously as they become clearer, we will communicate those.
Susan Panuccio: We have that in the prepared comments actually. We read that out. We had D&A for the first nine months totaled 187 million, including 69 million for the quarter and then we also amortized an additional 49 million year to date, or 17 million for the quarter in relation to the CMH acquisition.
Susan Panuccio: So the team in Australia continue to remain focused on how they can drive those efficiencies down and they have been looking right across the business, whether it's back office functions and organizational redesign and there's been some announcements that have come out in the market out there, anyway over the previous couple of months. In relation to the industry solutions, I think as I said globally we’re actively looking at whether they are opportunities from a press side facility as well as the distribution facilities and we will continue to explore those options.  Obviously, they need to make sense for both book parties and they can be quite detailed and join our commercial negotiations, but we have had tremendous success with those negotiations over in the UK and we’ve had much success and we have no reason to believe that we can't draw similar conclusions in other markets that we're having a look at. So the team do continue to remain focused on replacing legacy systems, removing antiquated practices and draw I think efficiencies by those means and we believe that there's still opportunities where they can continue to get cost out going forward.
