Bedi Singh: Thanks, John. So on cost reductions in Australia, we had previously said that the annual program was around 5%, and 2.5% was realized in fiscal '16, and we expect the remainder of that to sort of flow-through in fiscal '17. On top of that, I know the Australian operation continues to examine a number of opportunities in sort of shared service functions, et cetera. So I think we would expect to see slightly higher cost savings even than that in Australia. In the U.S., Dow Jones has been cutting costs, headcount was 6% lower this year than it was the year before. In addition to that, they are looking at a lot of the structural issues at Dow Jones, and we expect further cost-reduction programs to be implemented this year. In the U.K., there was a big cost-reduction program we announced, if you recall, in late January, February, that's being implemented. FTEs are down 8% year-over-year and the marketing spend is slightly higher, but the guys in the U.K. are also looking at backroom savings, and they're looking at some consolidation opportunities. 
Bedi Singh: Tim, digital revenues were 19% versus 23%, not 33%. So it wasn't that big a drop. But yes, you are right, every quarter, the mix will change a little bit, depending on the books and how they are indexed in terms of physical versus digital. But we see, overall, the digital sort of percentages stabilizing. And we're also seeing good growth in physical books. So in terms of international, we don't break out the international revenue. But I think we've been very pleased with the Harlequin acquisition. I think we've announced in the past a number of authors whose books we've taken in different languages. We used to be just predominantly an English-language publisher. Now we publish in all the major languages. 
Bedi Singh: Well, I think at Foxtel, the key mission, in a sense, is still driving subscriber volume so that we create long-term value, both for Foxtel and its partners. So I think we will continue to see -- we will continue to have offerings in the market, and that might mean that we have to continue investing in some marketing. But we're focused on volume, and at this stage, we're not really giving any sort of guidance on where the EBITDA might be. I think we're very focused on -- the PT [ph] very focused on making sure we drive subscriber growth. 
Bedi Singh: Yes, I think definitely. I think Peter Tonagh and his team are looking at all aspects of costs, including set-top boxes, and we're looking at all the agreements we have in place to try and see whether we can improve on profitability. It's a constant ongoing thing they're doing. 
Bedi Singh: So in terms of legal expenses, for the full year, we spent $38 million, and it was $15 million in the quarter. We're not breaking out a specific EBITDA number for Move, but I think it's fair to say we're very, very, very pleased with the way Move has performed. And it is EBITDA positive, very nicely, if you exclude the legal expenses and even if you exclude stock-based compensation expense. I would say that we've invested a lot in Move in terms of marketing and new products. And I would say that Move is better placed today in terms of EBITDA than it was in its last year as a public -- stand-alone public company 18 months ago, and we expect that this EBITDA is going to ramp going forward. 
Bedi Singh: So we've given out the revenue impact of the extra week. On the EBITDA impact, I think it's -- you can assume that the quarterly margin for each segment can be applied to revenue to sort of derive the -- the revenue impact was $112 million for the quarter, majority of it was in News and Information Services. 
Bedi Singh: It's about $3 billion in total debt in Foxtel's financial statements. And by the way, we'll be filing those financial statements along with our 10-K, so you should be able to get a full detail of the debt position. 
Bedi Singh: So on NAM, we haven't actually broken out the numbers. It's fair to say that we incurred significant legal cost in fiscal '16, and we will expect those to be considerably reduced going into fiscal '17. On the sports rights renewals, we actually renewed the AFL deal at Foxtel recently, so we don't expect any additional AFL-type renewal at Foxtel. 
Robert Thomson: Yes, just to supplement what Bedi said. John, generally, there's a culture of cost consciousness in the company, as Bedi explained, clearly, there's a shift transition going on in the businesses. Print is still very precious to us, but digital ever more important, and our teams are being realigned accordingly. The other aspect that we're focusing on and we're certainly seeing savings, and a little difficult to quantify, but we'd be able to articulate it, over time, to you more precisely is in sharing services. And that's, for example, particularly the case in the U.K., where the businesses occupy a single building, which gives us an opportunity to examine what is the right size of services for contemporary business. As for ad performances, as Bedi had previously indicated, there is a problem with visibility. There's a certain amount of political instability that has been in Australia with an election and the uncertainty that followed it. As you know, we're in the midst of an interesting election in the U.S., and there has been some upheaval in the U.K. There's no doubt that, that has had something of an impact on the business in the last quarter. Looking ahead, visibility is a bit of an issue. But I think there's a lot more fundamental, more profound issue, which is, there's a lot of instability in the ad market itself. A lot of advertisers are questioning the return on investment, and we see a particular opportunity being host to a portfolio of premium sites to provide them not only with settings appropriate for their advertisements, i.e., high-quality content, but measurability. And we talk about visibility, of course, but viewability is very important. And it's interesting that there's an angst-driven debate in the advertising world about the viewability of ads. As I've said before, and it's worth emphasizing again, every print ad is a 100% viewable. 
Robert Thomson: Entcho, it's really a revenue opportunity. What you have in Wireless Group, and obviously, the acquisition is pending, is a series of radio stations, websites and actually global sports audio rights that very much complements not only the strength of The Sun, but those of The Times. And it's certainly our intention to develop Wireless Group, but also to use it, to develop the Sun platforms because you can see a wonderful overlap of demography and also an enduring growth in its audience. Radio is, these days, unlike some content forms, not subject to the vicissitudes of piracy. So we're very optimistic about Wireless Group. We're very optimistic about its potential for all of the News U.K. Properties. And just for example, its potential impact on Sun Bets,  which is -- they've rolled out this year in the U.K. by Rebekah Books and the team. Obviously, during a football match, making the broadcast for football match exciting, compelling for quite a lot of listeners and quite a lot of readers, the opportunity to have a flutter is something that they're interested in. And so from the sport itself, from the sport extensions, right through to the newspapers, we can see genuine concrete benefits. 
Robert Thomson: Michael Miller and the talented team in Australia are looking for synergies across the papers, across the websites, and clearly, you can create a network effect because each of these newspapers is a platform, and those platforms are complementary. And the other element to bear in mind there is it obviously helps us with those regional papers to develop in the Queensland, in particular, to develop the REA franchise. 
Robert Thomson: I'd just like to add to Bedi's thoughts there, which we had taken out costs at HarperCollins, we've taken out cost of Harlequin, so the upturn in revenue is particularly enhanced EBITDA in the most recent quarter. And as we've indicated, we're very confident about the momentum in the book industry. And just one example of the synergistic relationship between Harlequin and HarperCollins. Traditionally, Harlequin was just a mass-market publisher. And so you didn't see it in trade locations, your typical corner or independent bookstore. And now because of HarperCollins' power placement, you are, and for some of those titles, traditional Harlequin titles, combined with an enhancement of covers and presentation, generally, you're seeing that Harlequin authors are getting anywhere between -- certain authors, not all authors, certain authors getting anywhere between a 50% to 100% increase in revenue per title. 
Robert Thomson: And to add to Bedi's thoughts, clearly, Peter Tonagh and his team want to focus on the core marketing of the core Foxtel offering. That is the key for growth, not only at Foxtel, but also at Fox Sports. We're -- thankfully, we're seeing a take-up of the Fox Sports package in new Foxtel subscriptions well into the 90% range, which is indicative of Fox Sports' power, but also indicative of the importance of Foxtel as a conduit for those subscriptions. 
Robert Thomson: And just to reemphasize what Bedi said, that in -- our core EBITDA was nicely positive. And unlike many digital companies, our core EBITDA does indeed include stock-based compensation. 
Robert Thomson: We have both the AFL -- through Foxtel and Fox Sports, we have the AFL and NRL rights up to 2022, and I have to say, we're delighted with the ratings this year, particularly the NRL ratings at Fox Sports. And Patrick Delaney and the team there are doing a wonderful job of highlighting the value of the franchise. 
Robert Thomson: Generally, we haven't seen a particular impact of Brexit. There's been a little less economic uncertainty, there have been very stimulus measures promised by the Bank of England. We're seeing how the government responds. To be honest, the most important thing will be, more generally, the economic policy of the U.K. government. And it's fair to say that one clear sign of our confidence in the U.K. was our planned acquisition of the Wireless Group. Certainly, it's our hope that the U.K. government will take advantage of the opportunity to introduce policies that are pro-growth. And if that's the case, then we would expect all of the businesses to thrive and for us to be in a position to take advantage of that circumstance. 
