Robert Thomson: Well, David, you can see from my earlier statement that there are various processes in motion. We have had an overture a significant overdue, which we're naturally assessing -- but let me make absolutely clear that we have full faith in the potential of Foxtel and our talented team at Foxtel who've fashioned a world-class viewing experience and created Kayo, which really is the best at streaming platform globally, hence the interest in emulating its success in the U.S. But on behalf of shareholders, we obviously have to evaluate any interest knowing that we are ourselves further Foxtel fans. I mean the streaming business is surging and broadcast ARPU in the most recent quarter was 6% higher than a year earlier. But secondly, strategically, we have been undertaking a broad review of our portfolio and its potential in the quest to increase shareholder value. Now that review continues apace. But on that particular matter, you'll have to stay tuned, but not indefinitely, not perpetually not at infinitum.
Robert Thomson: Okay. And we really can't go into the precise details, but you will be able to see the impact in our news businesses. It's tangible, it's meaningful. The way to regard the OpenAI agreement is that there will be a guaranteed amount and the two companies will be working to create products that generate even more value for both companies. The OpenAI team under Sam Altman has a sophisticated sense of how to productize profitably and with principal. And neither of those qualities are given with all Gen AI players, some of whom are merely content carpetbaggers.
Robert Thomson: Well, look, Entcho, as for Foxtel, we just want to be sure that the process is full and fair and to reassure our cherished colleagues that the external interest should be seen as a clear vote of confidence in what they have achieved and how they have positively transformed the company. I mean you recall the skepticism about Foxtel's fate four or five years ago. that skepticism has become optimism and the company's performance has obviously caught the eye at the discerning eye, dare I say, others, who not only see a great company, but in these turbulent troubled times, an expanding market like Australia, which offers regulatory certainty and ongoing economic opportunity.
Robert Thomson: Brian, our unique users in Q4 were 3% higher sequentially at $74 million, even though the market itself is sluggish and the competition is more intense. But the most important thing to bear in mind with Realtors that Damian and the team have been doing a vast amount of work in improving the tech, the experience. And so they're poised with poised, I say, given that the market does seem on the cusp of a revival. And as mentioned earlier, we've seen from our Australian experience that an extended period of suppressed demand can lead to almost an explosion in activity as families can finally afford to make the moves that they've been delaying. And once those movements start, there will be more liquidity, which of itself stimulates further demand. Have to say that Damian has done an excellent job in taking full advantage of our media platforms to raise the profile of Realtor and drive traffic. And there's much anticipation, excitement at Realtor. And in particular, because the revenue of the newer product lines, seller, for example, is markedly higher than a year ago. The U.S. has traditionally been a bio-led market, but the Australian market where we've had stunning success with REA is a seller market. So we're pleased to see that growth trend here. And we're also pleased to see today that 30-year mortgage rates dropped to a 15-month low to 6.47%. Now it's fair to presume that rate will continue to fall over time. And historically, there's been a corresponding increase in housing activity.
Robert Thomson: Darren, we can't really reveal any more figures than we already have today. But our ambitions for Foxtel are undaunted. And I think what is particularly striking is that you're seeing growth in the streaming business. while combined with about 6% increase in ARPU in the Broadcast segment. So you're not seeing the fundamentally fatal contradictions that you are at some broadcasting companies in other parts of the world, which is why no doubt, the success of Kayo, the success of Binge, the emerging success of Hubbl have attracted a certain amount of attention.
Robert Thomson: Well, Alan I'll take the second question first. We're constantly reviewing our structure. We're very proud of all the divisions and the growth that we're seeing across the majority of them over the past quarter and the past year, you can see from yourself from new accounts. As for OpenAI, we have made clear in the past that we would prefer to we rather than to sue to negotiate rather than to litigate. But for some, the process of seeing has started. Now sometimes the threat of suing can be a precursor to wing, but we will surely see the upcoming coming months.
Robert Thomson: And just to reinforce that point, for example, at the New York Post, we have 117 million monthly uniques. There's content complementarity with Realtor. That's true for many of our media properties around the world, the combination between our news media properties in Australia and REA and Foxtel. So these companies together far more than the sum of the parts.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Craig. We're constantly institutionally in perspective, we've obviously been engaged in the process. And as I indicated earlier, that process will not continue indefinitely nor perpetually. But we have actually already completed a significant amount of regulatory work to make possible that kind of introspection. But we cannot give you a specific date. We can assure you that there's much effort going on. And obviously, that effort now coincides with interest in Foxtel, that process has to play out in in a full and fair manner for all concerned. But clearly, there will be a certain amount of tension on that in coming weeks and coming days.
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho, just in relation to the shareholder loans, they're just shy of $600 million outstanding at the moment. And clearly, any transaction would contemplate what we do with those loans.
Susan Panuccio: And Brian, to that end, and to what Robert was saying, we will keep investing in the business because we believe in the business. We expect the cost increases to be modest for the full year, with the increases more weighted to the second half. but you can expect that the dollar value of those increments are going to be less than the dollar value of the increments that you saw in Q3 and Q4 of this year.
Susan Panuccio: And Darren, since we had that Investor Day, I mean, it's fair to say that the landscape has changed materially over the last couple of years. But we're really proud of the fact that the streaming subscribers are an all-time high. We have been taking price across our broadcast and our streaming products in order to focus on that revenue growth. And our CapEx, notwithstanding the investment in Hubbl in the current year, it has been coming down. So I think we feel pretty good about those targets that we put out there.
Susan Panuccio: Look, we talk about this each quarter. I think we feel pretty good about our cost cadence. Clearly, it's going to be different depending on the segments that we operate in. We're just talking about Realtor expecting that whilst they will still focus on cost efficiencies there's likely to be reinvestment in that segment. Within News Media, we have sort of got a little bit ahead of the game in that the U.K. has done their transition from linear of Talk TV and the commercial joint venture printing venture that we've mentioned. So that will give them some good cost savings coming into '25. And as you mentioned, News Corp Australia has restructured down there. So that will also give some added momentum going into the new year. We expect across Dow Jones that costs would increase probably mid-single digits. That's pretty consistent with what we saw this year, and that supports the fact that, that business is growing, particularly on the B2B side of the business. And HarperCollins really their costs have started to stabilize off the back of a pretty choppy couple of years. And so we expect that the margins of that business will be broadly consistent as we go into 2025.
Susan Panuccio: And Alan, just to add just on News Media, we have been really focusing on that segment in order to keep that segment stable and transition to digital. They've faced enormous headwinds since we separated. And the businesses have actually done an enormous job in light of the huge print declines that we've seen across those businesses. And those businesses also provide a valuable audience that we use across the rest of the portfolio. They've really helped REA with advertising from a marketing perspective, they help audience growth across Move. They've helped support Foxtel with some of the marketing efforts down in Australia. And so -- we do utilize those segments in a broader way across the portfolio.
Susan Panuccio: And the content is hugely valuable when we think about these content deals that we're doing across the business. They have valuable archives that go back hundreds of years that are hugely important to us.
