Bedi Singh: In the quarter obviously some of the costs are related to programming. So we had costs for the motor sports and so I think those to the extent we have sports-related costs, you'd expect them to recur. In terms of marketing costs, we're still actively marketing the new packages and I think there will be some continuing costs for that. But we should see those tapering down in the second half of the year. Obviously, with triple-play, there will be customer support and installation costs that will continue, but we should see those tapering down.
Bedi Singh: And just to add to that, obviously, the full impact of the new subscribers that we've added hasn't yet flown through, because the additions were in the second half of last fiscal year. You should see that flowing through as well as the year goes on.
Bedi Singh: I think we still expect Foxtel to show EBITDA improvement as the year goes on. Again, it's a factor of what Robert and I both mentioned in response to the previous question, which is you'll see the effect of revenues for the new subscribers going all the way through and some tapering down of the costs. We're not actually breaking out I think the Presto numbers, but needless to say, most of the growth that we saw came from cable and satellite subscribers.
Bedi Singh: So I think with the new pricing packages, what we're seeing is that ARPU has come down a little bit. I would say sort of mid-single digits. We haven't actually given out the actual ARPU number, but what's happening I think with that is we're seeing churn has actually improved. And in terms of spin-down, I think it's sort of on plan is the best way to put it. So we haven't seen anything significantly worrying with respect to spin-down.
Bedi Singh: I think with Divergent, the next quarter we should see some easing of the comps, even though Divergent was still pretty big for Q2. So I think that's probably the way to look at it. Obviously, the mix of books, any quarter compared to the prior quarter, it sort of like depends on what happened. So I think it is one of those businesses where we will continue to go quarter-by-quarter. But generally we're very pleased with the way the book business is developing. I think, obviously, we'll see how the Christmas selling season pans out.
Bedi Singh: It is sort of hard to tell in precise detail, but I think it's obviously a mix of books will affect that. I think pricing can be a factor in that. I think there's a number of things at play, but generally, if you read the other book companies and what they have been publishing in terms of their results, I think there seems to be a general weakness in e-books.
Bedi Singh: So in '15 the cash burn was roughly about $200 million. There will be some benefit in fiscal '16. But what I meant was that the full effect will be felt from fiscal '17 onwards.
Bedi Singh: We will be consolidating -- the REA will be consolidating our property. And obviously since we consolidate REA, it will flow upwards into our consolidation. EBITDA from that business is sort of marginal and revenues are sort of in the $50 million range.
Robert Thomson: To add to Bedi's answer, obviously in sales in Q1 were up 38%. Total subs were up 10% to $2.9 million. It's a very dynamic market in Australia at the moment, as you're well aware. There is some competition, for example, from Netflix, but what you have to realize is the offering at Netflix is certainly inferior to that of Foxtel and indeed inferior to that of Netflix in the U.S.
Robert Thomson: Just to supplement Bedi, on the point of churn, it's down from 10.5% to 10.1%. Obviously, it's a very competitive market, but we believe we have a very competitive product.
Robert Thomson: It's a very good question. We are seeing obviously significant growth in the mobile audience and generally speaking in recent years, that growth in audience hasn't been reflected in a similar growth in mobile advertising. What we have done by acquiring companies like Unruly and Storyful is to bring real mobile video expertise into musical voice and not just at the Wall Street Journal, but across the company. And so that is enabling us to derive higher returns and set us on a track for longer-term exploitation of obviously what is going to be a commercially crucial canvas.
Robert Thomson: Just to be more specific, clearly we had a great hit with the American Sniper at this time last year and into the new year, but just to give you a range of figures that highlight the difficulty of comparison, which is a great challenge for the team at HarperCollins. Last year in the first quarter, Divergent generated about $25 million in revenue off of about 3.7 million units. In the just completed quarter, it was $2 million off 400,000 net units. And also don't forget about 40% of those units were e-books, which are a higher margin. So that gives you a sense of why the comps were so complicated.
Robert Thomson: Well, its two things I think to highlight. First of all, it's not only an increase in the quantity of traffic, its very high quality traffic. And that's leading to, in particular in the CoBroke area, an increase in revenue that's quite significant. I think overall, the revenue rose 33%. You might have noticed earlier this week a company that starts with the final letter of the alphabet, Zee that is, Zed elsewhere, was up 13%. And one other important component was a media advertising, which is where not only in the editorial content, but also in the approach to media advertising we saw a significant increase, that was up 60% year on year and so both of those components have made material improvement.
Robert Thomson: And to add to Bedi's point, which is obviously correct, it's made particularly so in our case because of the Divergent effect and its pronounced e-book component.
Robert Thomson: Craig, I think one thing you'll have noticed from the results is how the complimentary of our assets has created a powerful platform that it makes News Corp as it is far more than the sum of the parts. We couldn't have done what the team have done at Realtor without the newspaper assets. We couldn't have done what the team have done at REA without those newspaper assets. And you're seeing that compliment of entirety play out in other ways. And as we get more and more data across the businesses, whether they be the newspaper businesses, the News America Marketing or the real estate companies, we'll be able to share important demographic data. And I think that does give us a real comparative advantage. And what you're seeing at the moment in the ad market, as I mentioned in my preamble, at the moment there is a lot of tension between advertisers and agencies, and that's both in, for example, freestanding inserts area, right across the newspaper advertising, and we genuinely believe that the asset mix we have has created a platform for the future, for the company and obviously for shareholders.
Robert Thomson: Alice, we're certainly monetizing it. Obviously, there is data and there's high quality and there is low grade. And you look, for example, one of the Checkout 51's benefits for the company and its efficacy is clear, is that instead of intentions or context through the uploading receipts, you're seeing buying actions. That tells you a lot about not only the purchase, but the purchaser. So for example, if somebody goes to a home improvement store and buys 15 tins of paint, some siding for the house, that person may be preparing that particular home for sale. That lead is invaluable to a realtor. And so at the same time, if that person is moving into an area or leaving an area that's what you might call a typical cashman area for a Wall Street Journal reader, it's an opportunity to attract a new subscriber. That's internally our ability to optimize that data and clearly we'll get more sophisticated, as the months progress. And we're also able to use that data for our clients, our advertisers and our partners.
Robert Thomson: Alice, I think I wouldn't agree with your phrase aggressive. I think we've been conscious of our different markets and the elasticity that different products have. And if you're talking about the Wall Street Journal or Times of London, that's very different to the daily telegraph. But at the same time, we believe that these are beacon brands that they have the best journalism in the world, and there remains a certain elasticity, which varies by segment.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, obviously you can buy any route as long as you're prepared to pay any price. But sometimes, by our reckoning, any price is not appropriate for us or our shareholders. And as you say, there are some EPL fans in Australia, there's no doubt about that, but we're certainly not talking about prime time. The 3:00 PM kickoff in U.K. is 2:00 AM in Australia. So as you know, hard-core fans of anything in Australia are called tragics. So the sweet spot for EPL at 2:00 in the morning, our tragics are insomniacs. And the other thing you might have noticed yesterday, Bayern Munich beat Arsenal 5-1 in the Champions League, which maybe itself an indictment of the value of the Premier League.
Robert Thomson: Look, it's much talked about and less seen, to be honest, in our businesses. The truth is that, for example, Unruly will give us expertise around ads and insight into the use of ads that is valuable to our clients and as well as to our products. But the role of ad blockers is much more pronounced in what you might call commodity content sites. Sites that have more noise than news and that's certainly not ours. End of Q&A
