Robert Thomson: Okay. First of all, the 5% reduction will be across all businesses, and it will be conducted in coming months with a view to concluding this calendar year. We expect savings of the order of at least $130 million annualized. As for REA, what I can say is that REA is a core part of our portfolio. It's a different company to Move the -- and you can do the math for what REA is worth to us in terms of market cap, which is around AUD 16.6 billion and our shares around 61.4%. Obviously, we all loan -- gratitude for his digital property. But we're very pleased with the way the business is progressing. You heard a little from Susan about the success that we're currently having in India where traffic was up 37% to 38 million uniques. And we've transferred the oversight of the India business to the REA team whether you expertise evidence and candidly, the time zones more sympathetic. So not only do we have the most successful property site in Australia. We have the largest digital property side in India. So tell me what that's worth now and what that will be worth in a decade from now. .
Robert Thomson: And sure, obviously, REA is a separate listed company, but I think I can assure you that they are very much focused on cost reduction in the present climate and you'll be able to hear more from the REA team a little later. Look, I can only speak generally about capital allocation. We're constantly reviewing our capital allocation policies. As I said earlier, we're committed to our $1 billion buyback to our dividend program. And obviously, we're going to consider further measures given the potential proceeds of the Move deal and the savings inherent in the cost-cutting program we've announced today. But we'll also be opportunistic on investment as OPIS and CMA providential proved and we'll seek to share those profits that providence with shareholders.
Robert Thomson: Well, first of all, I think we've spoken on past calls about the prospect of Imperial overstretch among some of the U.S. entertainment companies. I think that prognostication is indeed coming to pass. And it also shows you the value of the Foxtel platform. It's of itself clearly a success story, not only for our company or for Australia, but globally. They've got the streaming mix right they've secured the sports rights long term truly matter to viewers and not only one sport in one region, but across sports and regions. And looking here from New York Foxtel genuinely being transformed by much toil and sustained sagacity and it has evolved from what you might call euphemistically, a complicated situation to a genuine opportunity, and we will be opportunistic with that opportunity.
Robert Thomson: As for simplification, look, simplification and transparency, obviously important, as you can see by how the company is involved in recent years. We've broken out the Data Jones numbers, which shed some light, not only on its potential and potency, but on the situation of and revival of News Media, as you know, the New York Post was profitable last year and will be likely to be profitable again this year, and that profitability should increase over time. And -- you know that in that sector, we've sold News America Marketing, which became more peripheral over time given the changes in that sector. The peripheral is we're not the integral. But simplification does not mean reductio ad observers. And it does mean focusing on core growth engines which is why we've invested in the professional information business at Dow Jones and the fruits of that investment already obvious, even in difficult trading conditions overall.
Robert Thomson: Look, sorry, Darren, to be so circumspect, but we really can't say any more about the discussion so you'll have to stay tuned. You can presume that we are very much focused on shareholder value and we would have an ongoing role in value creation. Those are imperatives and always been the imperative of News Corporation. I have to say in passing, and we have much respect to CoStar as a company, its leadership, what they've created, what they could trade what they could do for competition in a very competitive digital real estate market here and frankly, how we could partner with.
Susan Panuccio: David, just in relation to Amazon, just to add a couple of points on that. One, we did see a slightly lower impact in Q2 than what we did in Q1. And actually, in January, we have seen Amazon sort of patterns return to relatively normal levels, albeit that is predicated on macro conditions going forward. Just in relation to inflation, unfortunately, I think we expect those inflationary impacts to continue through the balance of this fiscal year, which is one of the reasons that we've implemented the headcount reductions that we've talked about.
Susan Panuccio: Craig, I'll just -- I'll take these. So the first question in relation to the equity losses, we've actually got a small investment in a wagering platform down in Australia, the sub USD 50 million investment, and the quarter reflects some start-up losses in relation to that venture. I think importantly, we don't expect that equity loss reflected in Q2 to the run rate going forward? And then just in relation to OPIS and CMA, we don't break out the run rate for that going forward. But you can see from the adjusted revenues was up 1%, and you can see the impact of what the reported numbers were.
Susan Panuccio: Maybe I can take that, Brian. I mean, look, I think we've all -- we've got opportunities in each of our segments. We take cover price increases as it pertains to the mastheads across news media, the journal, we're constantly having we get our yields on advertising to see what we can do to maximize those. As I've mentioned in my commentary, we've just recently announced is at Kayo that goes to the strength of the product down there. We had a price rise on BINGE not so long ago. And we've also been having a look at price rises across. So actually, we have a lot of pricing power and we think about our different segments, and we really just assess the market conditions as we work our way through what's appropriate.
Susan Panuccio: Look, I think we're just doing a soft launch in relation to the ad tier down in Foxtel. It hasn't yet launched. So we haven't got any learnings from that, and we just expect a modest uptick in the current financial year as a consequence of that launching later in the fiscal year. So we'll have more learnings from that once we've got it out in the marketplace.
Susan Panuccio: And look, I think I'd also add that it is important for us if and when we complete any sale, what actually goes to an owner where we believe we'll continue to invest and grow that business going forward. I think that's important for any assets that we look to sell. .
