Robert Thomson: John, look, obviously we are not pretending to be soothsayers, so we are not giving you long-term forecasts. But what we did see in particular at the journal and both in print, but particularly in print, but also in digital was their recovery in finance and tech advertising, and that is encouraging. And it’s so far so good this quarter and we are talking in terms of year-on-year guidance. In Australia, the team under Julian Clarke, have done a sterling job in retooling the business. And I think partly there the improvement in trading conditions is today in large part together focused again on the local advertising. The team is dedicated in its pursuit of clients and its servicing of clients, and so that has absolutely contributed to the improvement we are seeing there. And in essence, what you’ve got in Australia now if you wanted to typify it topographically with topographically is that, the Mary River had silted up, and that river is now flowing again.
Robert Thomson: Well, we're seeing sales across five states and range of districts from Seminole County in Florida to Spokane in Washington. The sale season for us, quite frankly will get more intense later in the fiscal year. And as the product is rolled out, you like us in these very public contracts will have a sense of how we’re fairing.
Robert Thomson: Alexia, I think we made clear at the very first Investor Day that we were particularly interested in digital acquisitions. We would focus on the U.S. and global expansion and not so much Europe, a little more Asia, for example, but in particular, they have to be assets to complement our existing assets. They have to be extensions of our expertise, and we have to be able to use our existing platforms in a way to ensure that the new companies become platforms in profitability. And that’s very much the case with Harlequin, and it’s clearly the case with Move, where in each case, we have an existing skill set. We see, yes, synergies there, but we also see the potential for growth that is wheel, and it’s the potential for growth based upon experience and expertise in the company as it exist. So these are not eccentric purchases, these are extensions of that expertise.
Robert Thomson: Adam, it’s a little early for us to give you any forecast along those lines. I think, what we can say is that, process is being in operation for a week. Apart from offering discounts from new subscribers, what we are offering in our premium packages to existing subscribers and look out the early inquiring that we have is at the call center activity has been encouraging. But I think it’s better for us to wait till the next quarter to give you more fully formed some figures.
Robert Thomson: Look, clearly REA’s expertise will be a benefit to Move, but we’re not going to use that work expertise to an extent that it would damage REA itself and we are very, very conscious of that. I think, what you have to understand about Move is that, we’re extremely confident that we can accelerate growth in traffic and revenue without excessive investment, given the resources we have at our disposal and they’re not just REA resources, but when you think about at The Wall Street Journal Digital Network, where you’re getting a half-a-billion page views a month, complementing the large number of page views and traffic that you get at realtor.com. And so and when you look at what typical real state advertising website need, you need a media platform, we have that; you need compelling content, we have that; and you need a tech and software expertise, we have that. And we have those things without having to excessively invest.Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners, LLC.: Thank you.
Robert Thomson: It’s probably not reasonable, Justin, to expect us to give you a forecast along those lines. What we can say is that the trends last quarter in particular in Australia, the advertising trends with the journal in October in recent weeks, these have been positive trends relative to last year. But we’re also very frank with you, it is difficult for us to see long-term trends at the moment given that the power of the spot market. And therefore in predictive terms spottiness of the statistics we have at our disposal. So what we do have been in London, in Australia and at Dow Jones, are teams who are working very, very hard to get the most out of their businesses. They’ve been very institutionally perspective on costs. They’re asking all the right existential expense questions and we’re very proud of the effort that those teams are making.
Robert Thomson: Clearly, we’ll be involved in negotiations with our friends at Fox, but we look – we’ve got News America Marketing and the free-standing insert business. We have the National Association of Realtors, which this year has invested around $30 million in marketing and we intend to strengthen our relationship to ensure that the complementarity of the marketing at our marketing. So combined the sum of those parts will be a very, very powerful platform, because we’re conscious quite obviously that marketing can be expensive. But when we calculated the benefits of buying Move, clearly we have a comparative advantage, when it comes to brand building and traffic driving.
Bedi Ajay Singh: I think, we've been pleased with these operating efficiencies we see in news and information services, particularly in Australia, where they have been taking out quite a bit of cost, and the sort of backroom operations. And I think, we would expect that sort of pace to sort of continue for the remainder of the year. The London building this quarter was double rental $14 million, I think, it will be similar for next quarter and then we're done. So that would obviously dissipate for quarters three and four, so there will be improvement just as a result of that.
Bedi Ajay Singh: So the new pricing as I said the full package is $32.99, that came into effect just now in October, and it’s the new customers. So that’s what we've done for the full package, the print and web and mobile is $28.99.
Bedi Ajay Singh: So we’re not disclosing specific pricing, but generally you can take it that, it’s along the same sort of lines that we had before.Fraser McLeish – Credit Suisse Ltd.: All right, thank you.
