Robert Thomson: Sure. On buybacks, obviously, we're indicating that there's a more vigorous, livier [ph] discussion about capital allocation. For a start, we have more capital to allocate, given the strong cash generation in the company over the past year and for the foreseeable future. The acquisition of Opus does not change that thinking, which is at an advanced stage. So I'll reiterate what we said earlier, we are actively reviewing our capital returns policy with a greater focus on buybacks. As for REALTOR, REALTOR really is at a very early stage of its exponential evolution. The growth over the past year has come despite a relative paucity of listings. And the encouraging sign is the level of listings is on the rise again, and the immutable laws of supply and demand, as always, is beginning to take effect. And it is worth reiterating that we've grown faster than Zillow and Trulia, as measured independently for 17 successive months, and in the past 8 months, that growth has exceeded 20 percentage points. And that is a profound transformation and surely indicates that the fundamentals are favorable.
Robert Thomson: On Opus, Entcho, Opus was opportunistic. It was a required sale, and we were able to act swiftly and decisively. And we do have a significant amount of expertise in that sector, thanks to Dow Jones and a very clear sense of how we can develop the Opus business, which is already high-margin, cash-generative and decidedly digital. I mean it's grown every year since 2007 despite the ebb and flow of energy cycles. And so there's no doubt that Opus will be an important source of ongoing revenue and profit and cash flow for Dow Jones and News Corp. And we're talking energy, commodities, renewables and carbon-related products, which will have a long runway deep into the future.
Robert Thomson: Look, Darren, I don't think we can give you any more detail than that which we have revealed today. But as I just made clear, the Opus acquisition itself has not affected our thinking on capital allocation, and we are in the fortuitous position of having more capital to allocate.
Robert Thomson: Well, Brian, it's very clear that what we have with Foxtel are options, and that's a tribute to the team in Australia, who patently transformed the business and its fortunes. We've got the key sports rights long into the future. We have an absolutely contemporary customer-friendly streaming platform network and those systems are another means of monetizing existing rights at no extra cost.  We have a broadcast experience that is world-class and is now the village square for video in Australia. And we surely have price elasticity in a market where an ever larger number of people in Australia understand that you pay a premium for premium content. And these are all special circumstances and their confluence combined with sage leadership from Patrick and Siobhan has transformed Foxtel fortunes and certainly given us choices.
Susan Panuccio: And Kane, just in relation to Move as well as we sort of think about the coming year, notwithstanding, obviously, market conditions, we do expect to see yield optimization on the core lead-gen product moving into 2022, and we still see opportunities to improve sell-through within that product. In relation to the referral business, we expect to continue to benefit from record home prices, yield optimization, and we'll continue to focus on improving the close rates. Overall, agent demand remains very robust and existing home sales remain notably higher than pre-COVID levels. So we feel very confident.
Susan Panuccio: Entcho, I might start in relation to HarperCollins. So look, there's not anything really that's material in one-off. We have had some integration costs for HMH, but they're not material in the context of the overall results. It really rolls down to just the mix of slightly lower digital sales. The backlist mix was a little bit different, 2% difference quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year. But the consumption trends do remain favorable. So we are expecting to see the momentum continue.
Susan Panuccio: And then just a follow on in relation to the CapEx question. So the increasing investment next year is in relation to the iQ5 box, as I mentioned, which really is to focus on IP for that business going forward, which will drive efficiencies going forward. So whilst CapEx will be slightly elevated relative to this financial year, it will then start to come down. And even the forecast for financial year '22 is materially below the financial year '20 numbers. A - Mike Florin Thank you. Valerie we'll take our next question please.
Susan Panuccio: Kane, the numbers for Q4 are actually pretty immaterial. So we're expecting to see the full benefit of those deals come through into financial year '22. We haven't actually given any guidance on the allocation. It's fair to say the bulk of that allocation is obviously going to go across the Dow Jones segment and the News Media segment. And we'll obviously be updating on that as we work through the year.
