Robert Thomson: Entcho, thanks very much for the question. As for the future itself, unfortunately, I don't have sibylline powers so it's difficult to divine. At Dow Jones, we are seeing some improvement in October, but beyond that, I don't have the confidence to give you a forecast. Just more broadly, before we get into the granular details, what we are seeing at the moment is some mayhem in the ad market. Advertisers are having ads placed on sites that seem almost to have contempt for, for profit companies. Or they have their products bobbing around in bilge water. And that ad apostasy simply can't continue ad infinitum. So at heart, we're very confident about our quality content, our quality audiences and the quality canvass we have for advertisers. At News Australia, we saw advertising down about 11%, excluding FX in the quarter. News UK, advertising, in total was down mid-teens. Print was down high teens; digital, up low teens. And at Dow Jones, advertising was down 21%. But we have experienced double-digit growth for digital at News UK and Australia. We're emphasizing the quality of our data -- and the quality of permission data, that is, and our audiences. And we're building out more segmented products for advertisers so that we will be able to target those quality audiences in a meaningful way. And I think what we're talking about is a longer-term strategy, but one that should have results in the short term. 
Robert Thomson: I think there is a broader issue about advertising, generally. There is definitely mayhem in the market. I mean, some advertising is driven more by trend than by substance. And when you have that amount of volatility in the broader market, you are going to have, for certain mastheads in certain quarters, a fair amount the volatility. And that was certainly the case at the Journal. Tech advertising was down to a certain degree; finance also. On the other hand in -- for the WSJ magazine, we had a record issue in September. So it's not as though advertisers have abandoned print as a sector, and print is a very powerful platform, it is that there is a lot of content out there. Frankly, a significant amount of that content is less meritorious and more meretricious. 
Robert Thomson: Well, we do have a $500 million provision. We have bought back a modest amount of stock. But clearly, when we think in terms of capital allocation, it's a broad-based strategy, which includes internal investment and it certainly includes returns to investors. And we have also a modest dividend in place. And -- but it has to be based on an understanding of the long-term value of the company, and that is what guides all of our decisions and the board's decisions about the buying back of stock. Thus far, we've bought back $71 million, and -- but will be -- any further moves will be in that context of that broader strategy. 
Robert Thomson: Entcho, your instinct is correct that we're not going to give you the exact numbers. But look, I think the keyword at Foxtel is focus. The rights, you're talking about, are exclusive to subscription TV. As you know, we have taken the decision to close down Presto. Frankly, we saw that was a distraction from the core brand and core proposition, which has, by far, the best suite of programs in Australia as I'm sure you well know from your personal experience. 
Robert Thomson: Certainly. Look, I'll start, and then Bedi, will no doubt complement my comments. But in digital real estate, as Bedi has indicated, we expect momentum as the year unfolds, with new products and new pricing. And it will be strongly EBITDA positive. That is certainly a growing business. At HarperCollins, you need only to look at the best seller list at the moment to get a sense of the impact of our titles. And we are very pleased with the focus on books that -- like the Magnolia Story, like Sully, and no doubt, like Megyn Kelly's Settle For More. They will have broad impact in society and a positive impact on our accounts. And we think FOXNews, as we get into the spring selling season in Australia for sports, given the record audiences of last year and the buzz around both Rugby League in Aussie Rules next year that, that will be efficacious also. 
Bedi Singh: The only thing I would add, Craig, is that -- advertising pretty much week-by-week. And what we are seeing, though, is that when we look at October, there is some tempering of this rate of decline that we saw in the first quarter. And whether that continues for the rest of the quarter, it's difficult to say. But certainly, in The Wall Street Journal and at News Australia and at News UK, we're seeing some tempering of the declines. So I think visibility is limited, but at least we're seeing things improve a little bit. 
Bedi Singh: So free cash flow was -- obviously, we reported negative for this quarter. As I mentioned, it's mainly driven by the fact that we had a payment to make for settling the News America Marketing litigation, which was $250 million. We'd accrued for that last year, and now, we paid it out this quarter. We also had slightly higher working capital this quarter. Some of it was due to the acquisitions around iProperty. And obviously, we had lower EBITDA. So all of those factors contributed to that. You shouldn't take the first quarter as being indicative for the rest of the year. We're very focused on generating healthy positive free cash flow, and I would say, mainly, it's all timing things this quarter. So without giving a specific number, though, I think we are striving to make sure that we are very healthy for the remainder of the year. 
Bedi Singh: So we don't give out specific margin information, as you know, Craig. We had started giving out, obviously, revenue information based on your last request. I would say that margins are growing. And if you exclude stock-based compensation, EBITDA was higher than we've had before, and it's on its ramping -- it's ramping up, is what I would say. And so we're not giving the specific number, but we're on track to be very meaningfully profitable for next quarter onwards. 
Bedi Singh: We're continually striving to reduce the -- as you call the other, which is principally sort of corporate and overhead costs, and it's come down a lot since we started showing our results 2, 3 years ago. So we've been constantly bringing that down, and I think you'll expect to see some improvement on that as we go forward. And UK newspaper matters, which are included in that, are obviously coming down as we've reported. 
