Chase Carey: I guess from the first -- I mean, the second half, I only get too part [ph] of the quarter-to-quarter. I think these are better looked at year to year. I mean the second half of the year will be higher growth than the first half. But as we said before, we feel pretty good that as we look out over the next couple of years, the type of growth we've had, that sort of 10%, 10%-plus growth in affiliate fees is something that we can sustain. And we obviously have an array of deals coming up. I think the most recent is DirecTV, which we'll give a little headwind to the -- give a little tailwind to the second half. But I think to get it into too quarter-to-quarter it gets too sensitive to the signers [ph] of timing of deals. But at aggregate, I think we believe we have a momentum. The momentum you've seen the last few years, is the momentum we believe we can continue as you look out the next few years. In terms of International, I mean, it's certainly both. We're investing in those channels, we're building better channels. And there's a question, both subscriber growth and rate growth are very much at the heart of strategies we're employing as we build these businesses around the world.
Chase Carey: That's particularly because of the partnership with RCN. I expect that we really like to build [ph] and I think that's an investment in the tens of millions, multiple 10s. It's not 10 or 20 but it's 10s not 3-digit millions. We think we have a really unique partner that has really created a product for that marketplace that is distinct from what's there. We like the growth in that market, and we think it's real opportunity with a unique partner to build a really attractive business in an exciting segment of the marketplace.
Chase Carey: I mean I think it happened in the past and probably don't plan to get into what are the retransmission rates we're looking for. I will say we're on target with what we set out to do. And continuing to work both sides of both the ONO side and the affiliate side of it. And this is an area that we think is critical to us and I will say we think we are certainly making headway but still what we're getting would not reflect the value of our content competitively in the marketplace. But we're trying to be constructive and consistent. And to date, we're pretty much right on target with our plans. But we haven't really put the rates out there, and I don't think we plan to put the rates out there. In terms of capital, I don't think we're in that different place than, and I start to say what I said in the past I think continues to be sort of pretty much the same -- where we're at today. I mean we continue to have a -- and we recognize an overly liquid balance sheet. We recognize we still have an overly liquid the balance sheet when we finish this buyback. I think we are trying to work towards a place where we've got a appropriate level of leverage, enough cash in the balance sheet for flexibility but not excess liquidity we got now. We'd rather be building businesses than acquiring businesses, but I think if we can find businesses to acquire that -- or buy that meet our thresholds, and that's a threshold again to me that is sort of a mid-teens return. We think those are investments to make. I mean, take the, I guess the Latin American investment. It achieved 2 goals for us. One, we had a minority stake we'd like to -- and we said that before, we think that's a good opportunity to stake something we own a third of to, take full control and make it an operating business as opposed to an off balance sheet investment. I think we should be -- the businesses we're in, we should be striving to the ones we like to own. If it doesn't make sense, then go the other way. So that's a business that achieves that goal and we're very excited about the growth. I mean, it far exceeds any of the thresholds we have for return on that investment. We're very excited. Latin America has been a real area of growth for us in the Channels business. We think this adds a real dimension to that business. And we're very excited about the ability. And has with it the building of business. I mean, this is an early stage business in Latin -- brings with it the opportunity to build the sports channel in Brazil which we didn't have before. So I think if we can find opportunities like that, that bring those sorts of dimensions to it, we think that's the type of opportunity we're clearly looking to pursue.
Chase Carey: Look. I mean, we have -- I recognize I get asked question about sort of a buyback deal on this buyback. And as I said, we recognize -- we continue to have liquidity, excess liquidity. Our stock continues to be undervalued. I think another buyback is something we certainly probably think makes sense. We haven't made that decision at the board. We'll make that decision before we certainly get to the end of this buyback, which as Dave said, be no later than June. But I think this is one where I'd like to see sort of got a -- I think you can look to where you're going in terms of what liquidity, what's the leverage, what's the strategy in terms of -- of how you invest. And we'll make those decisions as we go along. And I guess we try to lay out that philosophy.
Chase Carey: Sure. I mean what I really said, I meant FX is probably more scatter pricing. I mean sort of -- I think in FX today, you'd see -- we had strong upfront and we’re probably seeing scatter pricing that is probably in the neighborhood of 20% up in the March quarter. What we have, if you look at the revenue in the quarter, probably the second quarter was a little stronger than the third, but FX is -- we're thrilled with the momentum behind FX and everything they've done. FX has been a great story for us.
Chase Carey: I think actually if you took it in aggregate, I think for the Cable group, it will be strong. It's -- on terms of authentication, I think it is the right solution. I think I guess my degree of, I don’t know if you call it frustration, with it is, we're talking about it when I was back at DirecTV over 2 years ago. So I mean I think in this world, you can't spend 3 or 4 years getting something going. So I think sort of all of us just have to do a better job of moving these things forward. And I think it just takes too much time -- I think it is the right solution and I think it is the solution that, again, I think serves everybody's purpose, including consumers, in bringing a much more exciting proposition to the marketplace. I think the product we provide, if we can continue to enhance it, actually is a great value for the consumer. But we've got to do our job and make sure we're delivering. Delivering great –- [indiscernible] service, we got to create exciting content, we got to add new dimensions to it to excite them. I mean if we can add all those things, I think somebody like Apple has proved it. Apple doesn't win by being cheap, Apple wins by creating a great experience. It gets fair value for it. And we've got to do our job, but we can't take the time we've taken to try and get this going. And as a secondary concern, it's a little bit, it's sort of historical objective to try to move this forward in a wall guard mode and I think for December, this world of technology is going to run over the wall, so I'd rather see a much more open architecture around authentication. But I want to -- I think it is -- I think TV Everywhere, authentication whatever you want to call it, is the right solution to the marketplace. But we've got to execute better.
Chase Carey: I don't know what -- I really know what -- what's really happening in New York. I mean, first, New York’s a pretty unique animal, I guess anybody who has been in a New York apartment goes trying to see how many choices you got for a provider. So it's not a typical market in terms of -- one of the consequences of not having key programming. I think we're pretty comfortable in the importance of sports, the value of sports and ultimately, as David always says, sports are tribal, which means local. So we look at the business. We feel very good about and continue to believe we can do exciting things.
Chase Carey: Again, I think it's probably better -- they're moving pretty fast, but I think it's probably better to let -– rather than give piecemeal. [indiscernible] I think Joel is probably the right person to give you a better and a more complete understanding of it. He'll do that but I think just sort of do it piecemeal probably won’t do justice to it.
Chase Carey: I mean, I don’t see how the business doesn't get larger. I mean, it just seems every time you –- we get somebody new talking about coming into the business, creating digital platform. Last year's Verizon and Redbox. I'm not sure I can figure out the partnership. But Verizon [indiscernible] digital distribution. So I think without question, I think that business gets much larger and I think even existing players. And sort of obviously Netflix went through a bit of a roller coaster, but they sort of seen to have, to their credit, re-found their footing. And we have long -- and one of the nice things is, essentially with the existing players when we booked it this year, we have recurring annual revenue because really we have structures that give up the ability to continue to renew and extend and put product in every year, to charges [ph]. And then as you get new players coming in, it gives us an ability to expand that market around new players. But I think this is an arena that has enormous growth. And as you think about sort of everybody including the big guys that are sort of, whether it's the Googles or what have you, that talk about the Googles, the Apples that all sort of –- I think, not clear where they're going but ultimately I don't think anybody is sort of not saying that video isn't, video isn't a core part of the future. And which is why, I made the comments about I think the importance of value of content, our desire to invest in content, our desire to be a leader in content and make sure we have really unique, whether it's acquired or created. It's got to be both. But control as much content as possible to take advantage of it.
Chase Carey: I mean, there’s some talk. I think there's a lot more complexities around that, whether it's capacity complexities or other dimensions. I mean, I think in some ways, I mean, so you hear some of the buzz -- in many ways, I think the greatest opportunities are always when somebody sort of figures out, develops something new for the market as opposed to just me toos. I'm not smart enough how to figure that out. I guess the guy who does will do well. But I think you'd like to sort of figure out how do you create new experiences that take advantage of these technologies, not just sort of me toos.
Chase Carey: Flat without politicals. With politicals in, it was actually down, more like -- I think like 12% or something. So think of flat and x political.
Chase Carey: Actually, I'm not sure I'd say -- again, we've take -- on TV side, Broadcast side, our scatter market, it used to be a solid scatter market. We just went through -- I see cancellations for -- the June quarter just came in at the low-end of what would be a historical number. On the station side, we're up 5%. Actually, if you take out -- if you really do an apples-to-apples in adjustments because there was an NBA, NFL game that fell in there, it's probably more like 7%. So you've got -- you got a solid business on the kind on the station side. So I think it may be a bit more [indiscernible] but I think for us, we clearly have some franchises on the Cable side, in the FOX News, it's going into a political cycle, so it'll have benefits of the political cycle, I talked about the strengths of FX and sort of -- and I think the success it's had and I think it benefits from that. And look, we're investing in more content there, so you expect to be delivering. Not that we aren’t investing in content on the Broadcast side too.
Chase Carey: I mean, it is, it should be. I guess I always have a little bit of a bias when your stock's undervalued to a buyback. But it should be worth a dialogue, and I think it very much is.
Chase Carey: It's tough to do a channel launch. There's a lot of –- there’s only so many countries, a lot of times you're launching something regional or countries. So I think in general, in many ways, I think we're looking opportunities. I probably say the focus is a little more on quality as opposed to quantity. I mean I think we like but I think quality always wins out and you want to have big strong channels. And so I think it has a sort of bias and it's sort as both just the pure land grab of volume in channels. I mean, I think there are opportunities, like I said, that sports in Latin America is a truly unique one. And mention, we got a couple of things in Asia going on that I think are equally exciting for us. But I feel like good opportunities to add channels but in many ways I probably said right now the greater focus is on sort of continuing improved quality of those channels to drive that upside. Any time you try to get into global trying to predict global macroeconomics. [indiscernible] I wish I have that type of crystal ball. I mean most of our growth is coming out of places that are not -- that what everybody is talking about. We're getting a little bit of -- within a few Western European countries. But even there, some of those are fine and certainly Asia and Latin America continue to be strong and are not -- and people talk of problems. And these are businesses that, again, what I said in the comments, they're not immune to economic challenges but they hold up pretty well against these stack-up industries and sort of what the impact on it. One of the great things about these subscription businesses, they're pretty resilient when it comes to large issues. Now obviously, if you had something truly sort of catastrophic, I don't know how anybody predicts what that means. But we feel pretty good about where these businesses are, what their future looks like.
Chase Carey: No. First, I think and only just I touched on it. I think it’s an enormous opportunity. This digital world is going to make quality information I think more valuable than ever. And if you want talk quality information, I mean The Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones is the top of the heap. And I think to date, a lot of our focus has been on the journalist consumer product will sustain the other business but I think we really have not taken advantage of the opportunities to develop the broader digital franchises that can be grown out of -- and we've grown, so I'm not saying they haven't -- the people there have not undertaken initiatives. But I think there's a real set of opportunities for us to create products. And I guess you can certainly hit it the B2B, B2C. I'm not sure it's not sort of continuum. I mean in many let's say is a professional individual, a consumer or a business person? And I think that's sort of what we're going to create. What we need to create is products that have a continuum from sort of obviously [indiscernible] base and the ability to create products that tier up from that, whether they're targeted or deeper that take advantage digital technologies. And in many ways, a little bit like I talked about elsewhere, one of the great benefits we have in building these things is we can take advantage of the digital technological infrastructure that's been put in place. And we are not building with some of the legacy infrastructures that others may have. I think mostly it's taking advantage of what we got. And focusing the discipline, I don't think it's -- I mean, I know it’s going to be some decreases in investment. But I don't think it's a big investment that we're taking. It think it mostly focusing on the right opportunities.
Chase Carey: You mean, how much of the home entertainment? I'm not sure I can do this. I mean, clearly it's more -- the DVD business is still the majority of it though the growth is certainly Blu-ray and electronic digital distribution. Our growth there if you look out at future. I mean DVDs are going to be around for a long time. People like them and people continue to have them. But I think, as you said, where is the business going longer-term? It's going to migrate towards form sort of digital distribution. So I think that is the longer-term future, but I don’t want to imply that DVDs don't have real legs. I mean, actually, Blu-ray has been a pretty good growth driver and Blu-ray growth rate grew at sort of like 20% or something right now. So we're going to -- we're certainly not going to just -- we're going to continue to make sure we manage that business intelligently and make sure we focus on both long-term as obviously always we're driving towards but be intelligent about the short term. And I think the DVD business continues to have legs.
Chase Carey: Yes, I'm not going to go too deep into it because it's a process in motion now. Right, they’re probably engaged with a lot of bidders. We'd like to -- [indiscernible] said before, we're not looking to buy the team. We're looking to see if we can do something that makes sense in the media rights, we'd like to do it. And we're talking to a number of the bidders. I think timetable out there is pretty public, I think it's got a decently short timetable to come to move through the next few months. And we'll see if there's something that makes sense for us.
Chase Carey: No, the vast majority of it is the impact of having closed the News of the World. I mean obviously that...
Chase Carey: Revenue that we used to -- I mean we have large -- there's a big business there that has a lot of sort of fixed cost. But a big infrastructure in terms of sales and circulation and other overheads that supported multiple papers. And 1 of the 4 papers that it supported and generated revenue went away. So the vast majority of it is essentially the impact of the lost revenues of News of the World.
Chase Carey: I think Rupert said clearly in the past, he'd be thrilled to have Lachlan back in the company. But right now, there aren't any plans to announce.
Chase Carey: We're not -- look, our priority on this is to make things right. Not that we're not going to try and be intelligent about the costs. But our priority is to get on top of this and make things right. That's going to be our focus, and not going to -- it may be difficult to predict. I mean, we're working with authorities. We don't necessarily control all the -- we're cooperating with authorities and that to some degree dictates part of it. But we're not going to predict or target it. We're going to do what's necessary to make things right.
Chase Carey: I don't probably have -- what is that -- I'm not the one managing it day-to-day. We have a group that's put in place to manage it. I don't know whether -- what has been said about it so I'm really probably not in a place to give you that type of detailed color commentary. Thanks a lot.
