Robert J. Thomson: Well, certainly, we were in negotiations with Zillow up until recently, and they've filed a form, which declared that those negotiations had finished. So it's fair to say, if you want to put it this way, they took the initiative. It is now up to ListHub, of course, to recreate through the rather complex MLS system a -- which is -- or through -- Zillow through the complicated MLS system, a feed that takes into account that there are in total around 850 MLSs, and that -- frankly, that's their responsibility. Now ListHub itself provides feeds to about 166 publishers, and we at Move, of course, have a direct feed from the MLSs. We don't use ListHub itself, which is a syndication services, and -- but what we do have at Move, quite frankly, are fresher listings, more accurate listings. And that, we are going to make clear with our marketing over coming months, and we believe that once it becomes clear that, that -- they -- our IR comparative advantage is that users, as they already are, increase -- increasingly turn to realtor.com as their source of real estate listings and information. There is no material impact at all on our revenues through the Zillow move.
Robert J. Thomson: Certainly, with the Move acquisition, our immediate gain -- goal is to develop the potential of the company. As we've made clear, we're very excited about that. That will be an ongoing task in the next year or 2. As for the Book Publishing business, we've successfully integrated the Harlequin business into HarperCollins, which, as you can tell, performed very well during the quarter. We look ahead to more cost synergies at Harlequin, but we also look ahead with much optimism to the catalog that we have at -- more generally at HarperCollins. As we said in the past, the first 2 years are years of consolidation and development and transformation. We're well on schedule there. We will -- we'll obviously be reviewing capital allocation in coming months, but that's really all we can say at this stage but to reinforce our sense that we're pleased with the trajectory of the company and in particular with both the Book Publishing business and so far, from what we've seen, very much so with the performance of the new team at Move.
Robert J. Thomson: Look, we have 2 priorities over the coming months. One is to continue to develop the best-quality digital curriculum in the country and, we believe, in the world; and secondly, to get our sales teams out to see the market reaction to that curriculum. That will be the priority. We'll be reviewing the situation at Amplify at the end of that selling season. But we're confident in our curriculum and we're confident in our teams.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, look, we were extremely gratified by the performance of The Wall Street Journal in the quarter just passed. I think what you saw was a recognition by tech companies and finance and others, luxury goods advertisers in the magazine about the strength of that platform, the power and obviously, the positive reaction to the advertisements. So I think it tells you that The Wall Street Journal has a distinct demographic, and it tells you that high-quality content brings high-quality audiences and high-quality advertisers. As for News America Marketing, the task for our team there is to push hard on the FSI business. It's a competitive market. There's absolutely no doubt about that. They know the extent of the challenge. But to give you a sense of the opportunity at News America Marketing, they are very much involved with -- in discussion with our team at Move, looking at how you can bring together, for example, knowledge that somebody's going to move house with household-related products in which News America Marketing has a particular strength.
Robert J. Thomson: The increasing revenue is related to subs itself, up low double digits, which is due to the growth in those subs. I mean, we're very optimistic that the development of the channels there will provide opportunity for more growth in revenue than growth in expenses. And I think the team there is particularly excited that the sports in which they have specialized, like soccer and cricket, are sports in which the -- as we mentioned earlier, the national teams are doing well, and when you have a positive mood, you have greater audience growth. I mean, I'll put you across to Bedi for further metrics on...
Robert J. Thomson: Well, just, first of all, the office move was bringing together all the companies, and out of that, we've already seen not only creative synergies but cost synergies. And those cost synergies will continue to be manifest. There's no doubt that the advertising market in the U.K. is a volatile one. The winds are fluky, but what Mike Darcey and the team are doing in particular: one, focusing on digital advertising where we do believe that there is room for growth; two, we're constantly looking at circulation revenue; and three, the team is going out and arguing in a very competitive market about the value of the unused mastheads, which is very clear. And it's very clear, indeed, when you look at the circulation uptick in The Times, where -- while other newspapers are struggling, The Times is doing very well. And that message, when advertisers hear it and understand it, will resonate not only with advertisers but with potential consumers. So Mike and the team are very much on the case, and they certainly have levers to pull.
Robert J. Thomson: Very good question. Look, it is a tough comparison. Q3 last year, the series sold around 8 million units, but look, there was surprise on the upside last quarter with the emergence of American Sniper. The full value of American Sniper will be felt in this quarter, and to be honest, sales are increasing still for that particular book. And as you mentioned, we do have the imminent release of the next film in the series. Again, around that, there'll be a lot of marketing and product placement that one would presume will be beneficial for sales. But the team at HarperCollins have done an excellent job making those tough comparisons and making the most of not only a great frontlist but a backlist that they are dynamically pricing and exploiting full value of.
Robert J. Thomson: I think we have a lot of confidence in the pricing power of The Journal both in print and digitally. We increased the newsstand price, and newsstand sales are not a large percentage, but they're a significant measure at times of reaction to price increases. And that was an increase from $2 weekday to $3 with very little impact on circulation itself. So that's an immediate measure of the strength of that brand and the elasticity that we have.
Robert J. Thomson: The marketing spend will ramp up when we're happy with the marketing campaign and when we're happy with the adjustments to decide to make the user interface better to improve the experience that not only for use of the site but for Realtors who are our core clients. And so those are the priorities in the shorter term, and then around that, we will build our marketing campaign. But what I have to say that's been gratifying is that the -- what we presume to be the case, the bringing together of the platforms of the Dow Jones network and Move, realtor.com, that, that would have, of itself, for example, increased the power of organic search, and that is what you're seeing behind that rapid rise in usership in recent times. And we're particularly gratified by the increase in mobile usage. And for example, the mobile app, the number of visits in January was up close to 65%, and when you look at the app deep, the number of page views per visit, as best we can tell, at the app is around just over 18 pages per visit. So you're not only getting a lot of visitors, but you're getting very sticky visitors. And that comes at, frankly, very little or no marketing cost. So whatever we do longer term with marketing spend -- and there will be marketing spend, and our guidance has to be that it will be dilutive. What we're already seeing is an impact that has exceeded our expectations on the upside, so far, in terms of traffic and stickiness.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, it's difficult to generalize about advertising markets. You see, trends in the U.K. and Australia and at the Journal are frankly different, and I wouldn't want to therefore to generalize about a particular sector with -- globally. I think what we are experiencing at News America Marketing is compared -- competition in the sector generally for free-standing inserts. As for Amplify, we expected around 30,000 subscribers in -- for digital curriculum that -- we're around about that total at the moment, so it's on track. But we're quite honestly in the high peak of the selling season now so we'll have clearer numbers for you next quarter and the following quarter. Around the Common Core, clearly, there's a lot of debate about the Common Core, but even those states that don't adopt the Common Core in its entirety are adopting elements of the Common Core. And it varies very much state by state as to how different that adoption process is. But we're confident that there is a strong market for high-quality digital curriculum in the U.S., and that confidence has -- is flowing into the sales teams who are, as they should be, out selling.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Just on -- I think on your cost question, obviously the -- there'll be some costs increases in Q3. We've got some onetime events, the Asian Cup, Cricket World Cup, so that'll will take cost up a bit. Margins and maintaining the margins will depend on how much higher volume we get in terms of subscribers and additional rate increases.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Right. So on DJX, as I said, this is -- we're seeing improvement in terms of the rate of revenue drop, and I think by the end of this fiscal year, we should be pretty much out of that. So coming into the new fiscal year next year, we should actually see that not being a drag on the overall circulation. In terms of the India investments, we made an investment in a real estate company called PropTiger, and we also made another small investment. So we're looking at the Indian market in terms of making relatively smart and sort of relatively smaller size bets. But the market there is completely exploding in terms of Internet platforms, and I think we have to be in that market. And there's a lot of synergy in addition to the real -- on the real estate side. We think we are doing, not just here in the U.S. with Move, but also with REA operating in the Asia-Pacific region.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Craig, I think -- I mean, the way to think about it is in Australia, and I think we've said that on some of the previous calls, the team there keeps doing a super job looking at the distribution, the manufacturing footprint. We brought down pricing on newsprint. They're doing a lot of work looking at sort of duplication of backrooms. So I think there's still runway to go in Australia to keep taking out costs. I mean, I think, they're diligently doing it. The U.K. has taken out a lot of costs, but I think there's always opportunity. And clearly, as Robert said, now that we've put everybody into one building and one location, some of that work is starting now in terms of can we get synergies out of everybody being together in one place. So I think there's still work going on there, but I would say probably Australia, there's more than there is in the U.K.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Yes. Alice, it's sort of -- I would say it's split almost evenly, but we are seeing encouraging pickup in the cable satellite part of it, which is good.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Brian, look, I think we've been pretty consistent in what we said in terms of -- out of the gate, we were looking at capital allocation priorities in terms of stabilizing the business, in terms of potential acquisitions. And I think Robert said earlier to another question that we had, we are -- clearly, the company is stabilizing, and I think in terms of looking at our capital allocation priorities, we are now reviewing those in much more detail.
