Robert Thomson: David, a very thoughtful question. We're obviously at an early stage of the evolution of generative AI. It will have a profound impact. And I was recently in Tokyo seeing our teams. And in recent months HarperCollins, Japan has been using sophisticated programs to create images for manga stories by transforming a sketch or a photo or just inputting words three separate generative AI programs. You use an image from our library to create complete manga sets, obviously saving a lot of time, and transforming potentially the character of that business. But it's not only going to have an impact on content. It will clearly have a profound impact on the management of the business, whether customer service or billing or whatever. I mean one contradiction of any businesses that the more you customize the harder and more expensive it is to scale. And that contradiction can be overcome with AI. I think as the well known management consultant Socrates observed, the secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old but building the new.
Robert Thomson: Kane look, obviously, the headcount reduction is about calibration or celebration, but it's fair to say that the savings will exceed the significantly the 136 million that we identified in the last earnings call and will now surpass 160 million that's attributed to the diligence of our teams undertaking difficult work. And I do emphasize that's just one element of the cost cutting that's underway at the company we've severely scrutinize everything from tech spend and travel expenses. So the total savings number next year will obviously exceed that total.
Robert Thomson: And Darren just to supplement Susan. Of course, what has been particularly prevalent over the past year is the change in purchasing rhythm, [indiscernible] Amazon and now that the reset has been reset, we have more confidence in the profitability of HarperCollins. And no doubt that the current crop of best sellers will make a positive difference in coming quarters.
Robert Thomson: Well, on the Talk TV we've always said it will be a low cost high quality project. And it will constantly review progress and technological developments that give us flexibility in delivery and reduce expenses. In the coming months, you should see that incremental costs are falling with a naturally positive impact on our earnings. And I have to say the venture certainly enabled us to promote products across a plethora of our platforms and enhanced video capability globally, given that we're able to slice and dice programs in different formats for different time zones. And as you can imagine, increasing our video expertise generally is a core priority for all our businesses.
Robert Thomson: Craig, as I mentioned earlier, there clearly has been an adjustment at Amazon. That adjustment as we understand is complete. And so those awkward moments are past. And now really it's down to the quality of the front list and expanding impact about backlist. For example, in the most recent quarter a backlist was 60% of sales. As you know, backlist generally is more profitable for us. And so now we have an opportunity to make the most of our excellent authors and our marketing potential. 
Susan Panuccio: And Kane Just to add our business units, they're quite experienced to identifying areas for improvement, and we can leverage those across the group as we looked for cost savings, which is one of the reasons we've been able to drive additional cost savings. We're not going to get into the details without sort of the net off of the cost savings but we can expect that as we head into fiscal [2024] from Q1 we really would expect to see the majority of both cost savings on with P&L.
Susan Panuccio: We haven't quantified it, Craig. But what I can say is it cuts across lots of different areas. We're looking at discretionary spend, as you'd expect office expenses, T&E we have a look across our print sites, and we're constantly looking for opportunities around our manufacturing plants and what we can do there. We look at our casual cost base with the variable costs. We have a look at marketing costs as well. So it's really a variety of costs that we continue to focus on. And as I said that the businesses are pretty good at actually having a look at this now.
Susan Panuccio: Actually, I think the comps are up year-on-year because we are still experiencing some of the supply chain pressures. I mean, what I would say is freight costs, we're seeing a moderating of that as we're seeing an easing of some of the supply chain pressures on shipping costs. But we are seeing enhanced paper costs still coming through and we're seeing some additional fuel costs are coming in because of the inflationary pressures. So it was a little bit mixed. We are seeing the moderation but they have been up.
Susan Panuccio: I mean Alan just on the print side, I mean look at it has been a pleasant surprise. And we've seen this over the last couple of years as it relates to print advertising. It really just depends on categories. Down in Australia, they've seen a pickup in travel advertising, which has really helped down there as the market has started to open up. They do get some good tailwind through retail, in different quarters as well. So it really is variable each quarter, but it's down to the different categories.
Susan Panuccio: And Craig also I mean for April, we've just had the results come in. And there has been a little bit of softness just in consumption. So we're still waiting to see where consumption settles down in the post COVID world. But pleasingly, the results for Q3 were much better than the first half.
