Robert Thomson: Well, thanks, Alexia. Look, in terms of the subscribers are, obviously, we have had strong growth in U.S. subscriptions. And I think the thing to remember about Wall Street Journal subscriptions is that, once you have a subscriber, you also have an opportunity to up-sell. And so we’re particularly seeing growth, for example, in subscriptions coming from MarketWatch to The Journal and from MarketWatch to Barron’s and as well as that from The Journal to Barron’s. And then for the more specialist, Wall Street Journal subscribers, there’s an opportunity to sell them – to up-sell them to our premium business products, which obviously have a higher yield. In terms of advertising, clearly, traffic has been particularly strong. There had been, as you may well be aware, some concerns early in the COVID crisis about blocking of ads related to COVID crisis coverage. Gradually, that problem has diminished. And so we are noticing that the amount of advertising we’re getting is matching, not quite, but to some extent, the significant increases in traffic we’ve had across the Wall Street Journal and MarketWatch. We noticed that tech advertising has increased. Custom advertising is also on the rise, and to a certain extent, programmatic. But I think for our business, quite frankly, it’s an extraordinary opportunity, because big clients are coming straight to the Wall Street Journal and to our other publishing houses around the world. And they want to deal directly with us rather than necessarily through an advertising agency. And while this is at the moment, a short-term phenomenon, there are indications that this may very well become a long-term trend.
Robert Thomson: And if I could further complement Susan by saying that what we’ve noticed, for example, among Wall Street Journal leaders on Apple News+ is that, historically, there’ve been, shall we say, a disproportionate number of men reading the Wall Street Journal, the breakdown is around 75% male, 25% female. Just at this moment, the readership of the Wall Street Journal on the Apple News+ side is majority women, minority men.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, first of all, on sports rights, obviously, it’s inappropriate to go into detail at this stage. But there obviously needs to be a fundamental reset. The idea that things will suddenly turn to normal as season is absurd. It’s not just the quantity of games, it’s the quality of the experience, and that has obviously been diminished. And that reset has to apply longer-term to rights in Australia. In essence, there is a new reset reality.
Robert Thomson: Well, I’ll take the second question first, Craig. Clearly, we’re constantly reviewing costs. And that is cost in headquarters where there have been significant reductions in recent days. And right through where we’re looking for efficiencies in tax spend. We’re looking for the efficiencies that come from the closer coordination that really has been under way in recent years, it’s not a new phenomenon. But it gives us an opportunity to look across businesses very, very closely, measured at different cost levels and respond appropriately. What we’re not going to do is cut cost in a way that undermines the editorial integrity of the leading news organization in the world.
Robert Thomson: Brian, clearly, the simplification was a preexisting program. But to a certain extent, you may well be correct in that various things have been expedited during this period of crisis. What I would like to say specifically around simplification is that, clearly, we’re pleased that the NAM transaction has progressed. Actually, we had full fit the Charlesbank who have preexisting specialist expertise in that area, we’ll be able to make a significant success of the business. And you can tell from the tenor of our content comments about Australia that there is obviously a strategic review of our print holdings well under way. So our simplification process is far from finished. And part of that is that we’re very keen to highlight the value inherent in, for example, Dow Jones, which we reported vastly superior numbers to those of the New York Times, but whose figures are not fully obvious in the current News and Information Services segment. Now if you think of the journey in recent years, the sale of Amplify, the early sale of the local media group at Dow Jones, the NAM sale. And on the other side of the ledger, the acquisition of Realtor, the purchase of Harlequin, we are a rather different, more specialized company than we were a few years ago.
Susan Panuccio: Look, Alexia, the only other thing that I would add to that is the other pleasing thing that we’ve seen is the average age is broadening out. And so we did have an average age of around 60, and it’s now around 47 as a consequence of those subscribers coming in to that space in 2020.
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho, just in relation to your question on Move, we haven’t given that for Q4. But what I can say is, we implemented the measures on the 19th of March in relation to Move and the impact of that in Q3 was $6 million. So you can use that as a proxy for your run rate, and we haven’t made any announcement as to any further extension in Malaysia.
Susan Panuccio: And Craig, just in relation to the masthead start in Australia. So the masthead that we’ve seized printing at the moment were community masthead, which are not subscription-related to their advertising-related products. And as Robert mentioned, we are undertaking a detailed strategic view of the entire regional and community portfolio down in Australia. So the regional mastheads, we’ll have subs attached to them, but not the communities. And then just to supplement on the cost side. I mean, I agree and echo with Robert’s point. But we do believe that across all our businesses on a global scale, particularly when we think about our back-office functions, that we do have some significant opportunities that we can unlock. We have been actively working on those measures over the course of the last 12 months, particularly looking at PEC. But we do believe that there’s a lot more opportunities we can do as we broaden the scope of that as we move forward.
Susan Panuccio: And then Brian, just in relation to your question on Foxtel and the impairment. We do look at this from a DCF perspective and also from a market multiple perspective. And clearly, there has been an impact that’s adversely affected our trends resulting in lower expected forecast subscribers. And the impact of COVID-19 is expected to have clearly an adverse impact on advertising OTT to customers and commercial subscription revenues in the near-term. So when we combine all those, we thought it was appropriate to take an impairment on Foxtel.
