Robert Thomson: Yes. David, obviously, these are confidential negotiations and so I can’t go into too much detail. I mean, it is fair to say that we’ve been leading the intellectual debate among media companies on AI, and also fair to say that we’re probably leading the commercial discussions. I mean, 17 years ago, when prestige-craving media executives were sashaying with Silicon Valley, we were raising doubts, doubts about provenance, but also about the baleful impact on vulnerable young people, the smartest engineers on the planet, creating compulsive, addictive experiences. Anyway, we’re certainly not naive as well about the potentially positive and negative impacts of AI on our journalism, our creativity, our content. We’ve had almost two decades of distribution dominating creation and almost 60% or so of journalists have lost jobs in the U.S. And candidly, unfortunately, a certain percentage of that is down to journalistic pomposity and prize consciousness, not audience consciousness and relevance consciousness. But AI is a hyper-effective form of or gen AI is a hyper-effective form of derivative distribution. It’s retrospective, not prospective, and the thoughtful AI companies understand that fact, and so that’s why on this occasion, I would like to highlight the thoughtfulness of Sam Altman. Thoughtful people do understand that counterfeiting is not creating, and crucially, in this exceedingly erratic era, we have deep facts, not deep fakes.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, I’m sorry to be a basic, but I simply can’t comment on the content of the negotiations. But I can say they’re at an advanced stage and we are dealing with willing partners.
Robert Thomson: Yeah. And just to supplement Susan’s answer, obviously, PIB is a priority for Dow Jones and for News Corp. And we are providing more visibility overall about Dow Jones because it’s such a positive story, and frankly, the more you see, the more you’ll like. I mean, overall, the margin at Dow Jones has risen from 24.7% a year ago to 27.9% and now that we’re lapping the purchases of OPIS and CMA, the strong growth rates are clear at these companies, which we have grouped into Dow Jones Energy, where revenues expanded by 15% and it is also, though, worth noting the results of the always burgeoning risk and compliance segment where revenues rose 16%. In short, these are high margin recurring businesses providing essential services and thus have renewal rates well north of 90%.
Robert Thomson: Craig, your presumption about preparation is not ill-conceived. But this being a rather sophisticated audience, one which understands the nuances of phrases and the subtleties of the SEC, you can take the words I used in my statement as purposefully delivered. There is clearly much introspection, not casual, not peripheral, but significant, serious introspection about structure, and it’s functional, not emotional. And the prevailing truth is that we have created options for our shareholders and that’s a tribute to all at News Corp, with the active support of an enlightened Board and leadership from Rupert and Lachlan, and the efforts of our employees around the world. Let us not forget that misguided investment bankers were decidedly downbeat at the time of the split a decade ago. And now, however, the discussion is how to get full value from, how to fully monetize a precious, prestigious portfolio that has an obvious growth trajectory. That is indeed not an evolution, but a revolution.
Robert Thomson: Lucy, obviously, we’re pleased with the progress of the PIB business, and as I said, you can see the overall increase in margin at Dow Jones and that is to a large extent due to the success of the PIB businesses. I can’t go into any more details about what plans are, but needless to say, PIB is core to Dow Jones and its core to News Corp.
Robert Thomson: And Darren, I’d just like to supplement Susan’s point where we are not going to let these excellent results in any way induce complacency in the company. All the teams are extremely cost conscious and we already are seeing very interesting trends in the ability of AI to reduce costs related to technology spend, to the creation of code, to the cultivation of code. And so not only are we going to be pursuing conventional costs, but we’re looking ahead and trying to make the most of new developments.
Susan Panuccio: Hi, Kane. Welcome back. Just in relation to the cost, we did see a pretty good cost performance for the first half of Dow Jones and I think like all our businesses, they are pretty cost focused. So they do constantly have a look at transformation opportunities within the business and they certainly participated in the 5% headcount reduction and they’re getting the benefit of that. But like all the businesses, we do like to invest in them. So we do see variable costs going up as the revenue scales. They’ve had inflationary costs in relation to headcount and will continue to invest in headcount given the growth in that business. And the second half of the year, we would expect to see some phasing and additional costs coming through for marketing. We do tend to have seasonally higher net ads in the second half than we do in the first half and so that typically warrants some additional marketing costs. So that’s sort of in relation to the cost base. And then in relation to PIB, we don’t give out the margins, as you know. But the PIB margins did improve for the quarter, which was really pleasing to see as they continue to scale that business. And as we said in our prepared remarks, for the full year, we’re continuing to expect to see the majority of the profit come from the PIB segment.
Susan Panuccio: And Lucy, what I can say is that, the thing that’s great about PIB and the Energy businesses is that the new products can leverage the existing data sets that we have, so the pricing, reporting, analytics and newsletters, and they can draw off a lot of the core data that we have. So I think that’s fantastic. And I think Robert’s mentioned in previous quarters, we’ve got areas like renewables that are coming in that we really think that could provide an exciting opportunity for us.
Susan Panuccio: I’d like to think there would be at that level, but no, no, I think, it’s just a coincidence. As we sort of said in the remarks, the Book Publishing segment has continued to exceed our expectations. And look, it’s partly because we’ve had a return to more stability in the revenue post-COVID. So the returns have settled down and the market has settled down a little bit. And it’s also partly because of the great work that the HarperCollins team has done in relation to their cost base in the face of some pretty challenging conditions last year. They also took the opportunity to push through some price rises on books. So a combination of all of that has really helped with putting the good results in for the first half. Look, I think across the full year, we’re still expecting margins to be sort of in low-double digits, a good improvement from the prior year, but probably not to the levels that we’ve seen in the first half.
Susan Panuccio: Yeah. Look, we are -- it’s pleasing to say that actually we quoted I think $160 million number in relation to that cost out program and we are going to exceed that number. And actually, from a run rate perspective, we’re pretty much there already. We have said in previous statements, though, that’s the gross cost savings. And we do have reinvestments across our businesses, as you can see, within Dow Jones, within our REA, we’re investing in new Foxtel with the Hubbl launch. And so that is the gross cost savings. What I would say is, notwithstanding that, we are always looking at cost savings across our businesses and so that was pertaining just to headcount reductions. We’re constantly looking at our cost space and our workflows and our efficiencies, and we do continue to drive greater savings than that, which helps us reinvest in these businesses.
