Robert Thomson: Entcho, I think it's fair to say that what we see in the Australian market in recent years that the presumption of a ceiling on the number of Australians willing to pay for television services and services delivered across other platforms, that, that ceiling no longer exists. And having broken through that ceiling, it creates extra opportunities for the highest quality provider. And we are certainly, in terms of programming, the highest quality provider, like in terms of sports, entertainment, documentaries, children's programming. But we haven't, in the past, delivered those services in the way that potential customers have necessarily wanted. So as you know, we have new leadership, we have new technology. We have a new marketing team. And we are genuinely confident that this confluence of an expanded market and an improved product will make a difference to our percentage share.
Robert Thomson: Alexia, look, obviously, we're doing a lot to change the contents of the -- content marketplace. And the whole subscription scenario has fundamentally changed recently, and in large part, because of the work that News Corporation has done in convincing Google to get rid of First Click Free, which is really punishing premium content. So one thing I'd like to say, if any other publisher around the world, which is now profiting from our efforts would like to send us commission checks, we're welcome to that. The -- really varies paper-by-paper and country-by-country. I'll focus on Dow Jones because it's obviously the largest of our properties. But what we're seeing two phenomena, which are fruitful: one, continuing to use artificial intelligence to identify, through propensity modeling, new customers and using that modeling as well to provide them with a more satisfying experience; and two, from that, an ability to upsell those customers to higher value-added products from our Professional Information Services.
Robert Thomson: And as for HarperCollins, Alexia, as you can see from the results quarter-after-quarter, the team has done a wonderful job in identifying talent and having natural empathy that you need not only to satisfy current demand but to anticipate future demand. And that's particularly so as I said with the release this very week of Homebody, which we have great expectations on and the other authors that I mentioned. But it's a tribute, one, to the ability of Brian Murray and his team and Charlie Redmayne in the U.K.; two, put together groups of editors, who can get the best out of authors and then to make the most of the product by marketing it in a clever way, and also being open to do opportunities, which is what you see with the exponential increase in digital audiobooks. And we're very optimistic, as I mentioned, not only about the opportunity in the U.S. but actually around the world, where the same trend is now preeminent. And in that sense, the team deserves particular praise because, at HarperCollins, we have been the author of our own success.
Robert Thomson: And with the Opcity integration, clearly, we're integrating Opcity not just into realtor but actually into the broader News Corp because it is the complementarity of our platform that has been behind the successful growth and turnaround story really that is realtor.com. Essentially, we believe that realtors should have a choice between quantity leads and quality leads and that they should be appropriately priced. And so we're very much focused on realtors and on buyers and sellers. We're not interested in house flipping, as I said, in other company. And so we do see a lot of loyalty. When you look at the other company's business and there's a fair amount of churn there among their clients, probably more churn than you find in the average butter factory, it is our intent with Opcity to be absolutely focused on realtor leads. And the product of that, we expect in the second half is a significantly higher rate of growth in overall revenue at realtor.com of the order of the mid- to high teens, which, compared to the 10-or-so percent in the quarter just completed, is obviously a tangible increase.
Robert Thomson: Well, clearly, we're at an early stage. We're early in the season, we're early in the cricket season in Australia. We're early in the season of renaissance at Foxtel. I would look, really, over the next 12 months, particularly the takeout of the OTT in coming months, then ahead of the next winter sports season in Australia, so the selling season there is sort of in the February, March, April peak selling season, and keep an eye both on the number of new customers and obviously the ARPU. But to be very clear, benchmarks over the coming year, it'll be obvious to you, and we're going to make it obvious to you how we're faring. But we have full confidence in Patrick Delany and the new team and it is an overhauled team. And the early indications are that they have both an understanding of the opportunity, empathy with potential customers and kind of real energy that has brought new life to Foxtel. And so one, it's a great opportunity for the company; and two, the metrics will be very clear.
Robert Thomson: Well, first of all, the audience growth was certainly greater than that of the competitor in the most recent quarter. And core real estate revenue growth was 19%. The overall was 10%, in part, because we consciously reduced the number of advertisements on the side. We're experimenting with user experience. And we can, frankly, turn that dial up and down as and when we choose. But we're obviously constantly trying to improve the experience, both for users on the site and obviously for our realtor clients. Our focus over the next year will be the integration of Opcity because we believe there really is an opportunity in providing quality leads to realtors and being able to price those leads in a way that reflects our contribution to their success.
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho, just in relation to OTT, we haven't given out the investment numbers in relation to that. But what we have said, and we said this on the last call, we spent about $285 million in CapEx last financial year at Foxtel. And we expect the investment to be at least $50 million higher than that in the current year. And at this stage, we're currently expecting that, that will come in line. We, obviously, when we launched the product, we will have marketing costs that will be associated with the OTT program. So that will come in, in the first quarter -- or in the second quarter and obviously will continue somewhat through the balance of the year. And just as a note, we spent about $69 million of CapEx in relation to Q1, which is flat, relatively speaking, year-on-year.
Susan Panuccio: And I think if we just focus on Dow Jones, obviously, the size of the market within the U.S. is very large as well as internationally. And just to give you sort of a sense, we had about 93 million nonsubscriber website visitors in Q1 made up of first-time repeats and even former subscription visitors. So there is a big opportunity, obviously, within that pool of people to drive conversions. And The Wall Street Journal customer base is only 11% made up of international subscription. And given the brand and the strength of that brand on a global scale, we do expect to see growth within international going forward.
Susan Panuccio: So just in relation to Sun Bets, yes, it is. We obviously got net offset for coming to that, but yes, the gross payment was $48 million and it dropped to EBITDA.
Susan Panuccio: And I think the other thing that's important to note in relation to that is that realtor will be managing the conversion from leads coming in into Opcity to make sure that the customer experience is optimal. And so that may fluctuate as we go throughout the year.
Susan Panuccio: So on pay-per-view, it's about $10 million to $12 million in Q1 so that gives you a quantification of that. And revenue recognition was about $4 million in the quarter.
Susan Panuccio: So just in relation to the Sun Bets, it was actually partly operational in nature because the settlement of that was effectively the payout of a contract, bringing forward effectively the minimum revenue guarantee that we had within that contract. So obviously, there's the termination payments in there as well, but the bulk of it was operational. And as a consequence that's why we reported it the way we did. In relation to Subscription Video Services and the costs, we did see cost reductions coming through from nonprogramming as well as some of the program. We didn't have some of the year-on-year costs that we talked about on the pay-per-view, which was $12 million. We didn't have sports, some of the sports costs that came in relative to Q1 of the previous year, but they also are working hard on some of the overhead costs in the background. So they have been looking at driving costs out in the back office, as we said, in order to provide a runway for investment going forward.
Susan Panuccio: Part of the reason obviously is because of the backlist. We get higher margins obviously as they come through from a backlist perspective relative to the frontlist, where we're obviously paying large all throughout [indiscernible] we have. So that's really is what's helping drive that margin improvement.
Susan Panuccio: We had a backlist that contributed to about 55% of the revenues. I don't have the percentage here in front of me of what that movement was quarter-on-quarter but it contributed 55% to the overall revenues.
