Robert Thomson: Thank you. Entcho, I'll take the first question about movement, Susan will address the buyback. Look, we're not going to give you a forecast for the quarter, but obviously enough, even though leads have been in decline in Q3, if there are fewer houses for sale, there'll be fewer leads. The beauty of the referral model is that we're focused on the quality, not the quantity. We can have fewer leads, but make more from each of those leads by offering realtors more purposeful purchases So quantity of course matters, but so does quality. And that is the beauty of the model that we've been building in recent years. Our quarterly real estate revenues rose even in this difficult market by 7%. And as you say, that followed 43% growth in the same quarter last year. And by the way, leads are still 11% higher than 2020. And existing home sales in calendar 2021 were 15% higher than 2019. Another thing to watch in coming months and quarters, the change in the mortgage market with origination being more important than refinancing, which had dominated over the past few years, the mortgage companies were more focused on serving preexisting, preapproved customers with refinancing and rapid decline. Our new leads will be relatively more valuable and we will surely extract that value.
Robert Thomson: Yes, we're very pleased with the first phase of integration as you say said, it is early. But clearly enough international events have only highlighted the economic, commercial and political importance of energy policy and prices and the shift to renewables. Both Opus and Base Chemicals are essentially a hundred percent digital recurring subscription revenues and rather high EBITDA margins. But these are premium products at premium prices. And we have a very large base of potential, professional customers through our Barron's, WSJ, IBD and MarketWatch audiences. That vast base will create an ongoing funnel of possible premium subscribers for Opus. You'll certainly see the positive impacts in coming quarters. And it is obvious that this is a pivotal moment for Dow Jones.
Robert Thomson: Darren we’re pleased overall with the professional information business. Newswire provides an important service not just for the professional side, but also for our consumer journalism. And we're fully invested in the, in the future of developing that Newswire’s business. And you'll see in coming quarters, as I said, with the Piers acquisition, just how much potential professional information business actually has.
Robert Thomson: I think Darren it’s fair to say that that Factiva newswires is relatively stable. Keith, we'll take our next question please.
Robert Thomson: No. The second supposition is not accurate. Look, advertising generally has been excellent, particularly in digital and you see it from Dow Jones to the New York Post, which is on track as we've indicated for genuine profitability. But across, in total, the business units, Dow Jones advertising up 20%; News UK, 32%; New York Post, 13%; and News Australia, 2%, obviously currency affected. So strong growth and indications are that growth remains relatively robust.
Robert Thomson: Great. Well thank you all for participating. Thank you, Keith. Have a wonderful day and we look forward to speaking with you soon,
