Robert Thomson: Kane, I'll take those two questions. First of all, the macro trends at REALTOR generally are specious. I mean, clearly, there's some fluctuation in the U.S. housing market. But the overall impetus for families and individuals to buy larger homes to work from home to move location to take advantage of labor opportunities and certainly of those job opportunities and mobility when as a positive of employees are all positive influences. First-time mortgages are still at near historic lows. And so financially, home purchases make sense, particularly as rents are rising. You'll not see reduction in refis, but that's not a market to which we have exposure. And the digitalization of the U.S. property market is still at an early stage, a very early stage and we're poised to take advantage of the opportunity in the short, the medium and the long term. As for the big digital payments, you are starting to see the run rate, but it does – those payments alone are really base payments, and so they don't take into account advertising and shared advertising and generally speaking, the improvement in the commercial rates for distribution of our content nor do they yet reflect the impact of the enhanced deal with Apple.
Robert Thomson: Well, on the first question around the News Media numbers, clearly, the big digital agreements had an impact. But I think to focus on that alone is to actually not give you credit to the companies with a News UK, News Australia or the New York Post in the way that those businesses have been transformed in recent years. And it has been a heavy lift, as you know, in Australia, we had to close many of our print editions and regions and communities and enhance our digital service. So those are more fundamental to the transform fortunes. And when you look at the increase in EBITDA over the past year – the same quarter last year, 11.5%; most recent quarter, 17.4%; News UK advertising, up 21% in local currency; News Australia advertising, up 11%; New York Post, up 19%. These are fundamental shifts in the businesses. And there's no reason to think that those fundamental shifts won't have an enduring impact. As for streaming, the Australian situation is rather different to the prevailing trends in the U.S. Foxtel really is the village square for video. And we have many partners there in a way that's not common in the U.S., Australia, in that sense is rather like the Galapagos Islands, a unique viewing ecosystem. And the recent rapid growth in BINGE is actually exceeding our expectations. And Kayo is a very different sports streaming service with the most important watchable winter sports, along with the increasingly compelling Formula 1 and supercars, among many others. That complete content package is certainly and consistently are compelling. I mean that's appointment viewing day after day, week after week, month after month. That's not churn data, churn some. [ph]
Robert Thomson: Darren, I would make a general observation. That business is itself being transformed by Almar and the team at Dow Jones, you're seeing obviously, the success of Risk and Compliance. Those of you who use Factiva will notice that the interface is changing in a way that's frankly more user-friendly. And the acquisition of both OPIS and Base Chemicals will itself have a positive effect on the Professional Information Business, including Newswires, which will already have a focus on energy, chemicals, renewables, carbon, but that will obviously increase. And similarly with Factiva we're already, as you no doubt know, we have a remarkable array of sources. It's a real Aladdin's cave of content that will both complement the existing offering at OPIS and Base Chemicals, but also overall strengthen those offerings because it's – I think it's a fair observation – that in recent years, those businesses haven't been growing at the same rate as Risk and Compliance. But that's why a lot of work is going into transforming them and you'll see the results in the coming quarters, I suspect.
Robert Thomson: Well, Edmonds, obviously, we'd like to get the deals done as quickly as possible because we cherish these companies because we can see how valuable are and what they'll add to Dow Jones and to use core more generally. And you will see in our accounts in coming quarters and years, the value of them. Clearly, we're subject to a regulatory calendar, and there are sometimes variables, unpredictable variables in that. But we're fairly confident that the OPIS deal will close next month and the Base Chemicals will close a couple of months after that.
Susan Panuccio: And Kane, I'd just like to add for the phasing of those content cost, with licensing costs that we've got in – so Q2 was slightly higher than Q1, and we would expect the second half of the year to be slightly higher again as they continue to ramp, particularly given showcase hasn't launched in the U.S.
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho, I'd just like to add to Robert's comments in relation to News Media. And he's absolutely right. I mean the transformation of that segment, in particular, has been great, and we've been really delighted with it. And just to give some context of the $65 million increase in revenue, $42 million of that was advertising, $23 million was circulation and subscriptions, which is where those content licensing fees are. So a lot of it was advertising – a lot of that's being fueled by digital advertising and the work that the teams have done around driving those audiences and converting their businesses to digital and benefiting from obviously strong yields. And also the cost work that they've done, they've done a huge amount of cost work and heavy lifting over the past couple of years, which has really helped to underpin those results. So it does give us confidence about how those businesses are going to continue going forward.
Susan Panuccio: So just in relation to the platform fees, I mean we are working through, obviously, driving continued audiences and looking and working with those tech platforms in order to build out those audiences. And so that will help us contribute to growing the advertising client. And particularly if we can grow the overall subscriber pie, then we've got a high-quality audience that we can look at. Just in relation to the comments that other companies may have made around supply chain pressures and advertising. We – as you mention, we haven't seen that actually impact us from an advertising perspective. We've had great growth actually across digital, and we've been really pleasantly surprised with the bounce back of print advertising, obviously off relatively low comps from the prior year, but it still has exceeded our expectations. So we're not really experiencing that at the moment, and we haven't seen that coming through our results.
Susan Panuccio: And just in relation to free cash flow, yes, we will expect to see some reversal of that working capital as we work through the year, and we would definitely expect to see the second half have very, very strong free cash flow relative to the first.
