Keith Murdoch: Thank you, Reed and good afternoon, everyone. As David and Chase will go over shortly, our company's operating and financial performance this quarter was exceptional and our full year results are very solid overall. We are continuing to generate strong cash flow. We have the most robust balance sheet in our history, and just as important, we have effective strategies to further expand our content into even more markets and onto more platforms. I'm very proud of our management team and our people around the world in all our businesses. Their contributions are the reason for our strong performance. Of course, while it has been a good quarter from a financial point of view, our company has had challenges in recent weeks stemming from issues relating to the News of the World. I'll be very clear about where I stand. I've run this company for more than 50 years. The kind of behavior that occurred in that newsroom had no place at News Corporation. It does not reflect the actions and beliefs of our more than 50,000 professional employees. The board and I believe I should continue in my current role as Chairman and CEO. But make no mistake, Chase Carey and I run this company as a team and the strength of that partnership is reflected in our improved results.  I'm personally determined to put things right when it comes to the News of the World. Likewise, our Board of Directors and senior management are acting decisively to get to the bottom of what happened. As has been widely reported, Joe Klein is leading our efforts on this issue, reporting directly to Viet Dinh, on behalf of the independent directors. The Board and the company have retained independent outside counsel. In addition, our nominating corporate governance committee has engaged [indiscernible] to advise on our corporate governance practices. We are all committed to doing the right thing. We have taken decisive actions to hold people accountable and we will continue to do whatever is necessary to prevent something like this from ever occurring again. There can be no doubt about our commitment to ethics and integrity.  As we work through this matter, it's important to note there's been no material impact on our operations outside of the closure of the News of the World. Our broad, diverse global business is extremely robust today, performing well across the markets where we compete. As Dave and Chase will discuss, we continue to produce content that is loved increasingly by viewers, readers, audiences and fans throughout the world. In short, the drivers of our business are intact and our position is strong and our future is promising.  One other outcome of recent events was our decision not to pursue our offer for the remaining BSkyB shares we do not already own. I'm disappointed about that, but it's clear this was no longer feasible under the circumstances. The BSkyB has remained an important element for us and we are very excited of those opportunities for continued growth. We are using this turn of events as an opportunity to carefully reassess our capital allocation priorities. Our first step is the $5 billion share repurchase program we announced last month. I want to give you all my personal assurance that we'll be active in that program aggressively. We are also reexamining our near and long-term priorities. Be assured that in addition to pursuing compelling opportunities that further investment in our businesses, we are always rigorously assessing a broad range of avenues to deploy capital to drive value to our shareholders. Our fundamental goals is at News Corp. are to produce sustained, meaningful value for shareholders, to provide outstanding content and service for customers and consumers, and to do it all with integrity. All these goals are interrelated and all are critically important, and we will deliver on them. Thank you, all. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
Keith Murdoch: Just to interrupt you for a second, and our ratings are still improving just about wherever you look.
Keith Murdoch: We'd be looking at basically, low single digits, when you exclude political consumable from a year ago.
Keith Murdoch: Well, I think it's a question of relative values. The reason in 2008, that I was coy about it was, and I couldn't say it, was of course that we were saving up to bid for BSkyB. That's -- all that's changed.
Keith Murdoch: The ratings are in fact, improving. And certain times of the day, we're head-to-head with CNBC. We're beating them. We do need more distribution, that's true. As to regards to the performance, it is now at a cash break even.
Keith Murdoch: I'd just add to that, that the -- there is room and certainly, for economies, in various parts of our situation in Britain, but not in printing. We had the biggest and the most efficient printing plants in Britain. We print for our opposition and we'll be printing for more of our opposition if they want to come to us. They're extremely economical. In fact, when you go into these enormous plants, it's alarming because you don't see anybody. But it's probably the most efficient, the London plant and the Liverpool plant are the most efficient plants in Europe. And in Australia, we have relatively [indiscernible] the 5 year-old plants in each of the big cities. You cannot -- and they haven't got spare capacity, you cannot print in one city papers for cities 600 miles apart. There's not big room for savings there. And that's part of the business. In fact, there have been savings being made throughout the year or the last 18 months in Australia. And I think our headcount is down considerably in all corners of the business. The trouble though, frankly, is that advertising business isn't hitting magazines more than us. But business is just bad. People in Australia -- [indiscernible] is going to be 12%, and the retail has been very badly. We just have to come through this.
Keith Murdoch: I'll just interrupt, sorry. In the businesses, we have really huge returns in -- 100%, 200% return on investment, and we have businesses which are soft. But I would think we are averaging well over 15% on what we've done and we hope to do that in the future.
Keith Murdoch: No, I'm feeling very confident. I'm shocked and appalled at what happened in one small corner, which is the News of the World. And then I see that never, never happens again. But everything else is fine. The Wall Street Journal, I'm not saying it's making 15%, but it is the only newspaper that increased advertising revenue -- major newspaper that increased advertising revenue in the last year in the United States. So we are making progress wherever we can.
Keith Murdoch: It's a very, very dangerous thing to predict the outcome. All I can say is, you can see the comparison of the years, which was the lack of Avatar, which was a total, extraordinary event the year before. But this year, we have already started very well. Last weekend, we had a huge opening, well ahead of budget on Planet of the Apes. And we also launched, I think maybe Monday, the DVD of Rio and beat our full target in about 2 days.
Keith Murdoch: We are very conservative on our projections there. And I think it's very appropriate. We see other companies and we've had the experience. It's not that difficult to lose $100 million on film, which is, we haven't had that experience for a long, long time and we are very careful. And we also, I should say, lay off a lot of the risk in every film we make.
Keith Murdoch: Well, there's nothing in Australia to quantify it. And, in the U.K., no we're not prepared to give that figure yet. Nor do we know. We are trying very hard. Everyone's getting included as well as we can. But first, we have to get to the bottom, exactly of what happened. Were there a dozen guilty people or 2 dozen? We are not only investigating, but we are cooperating totally, 100%, with the police in their investigations. And we expect that to go on for some time.
Keith Murdoch: We're not saying something won't come along that might be $1 billion, but we don't see anything, and we certainly don't see any really big things like we were, sort of like with BSkyB. We don't have any prospects or anything like that.
Keith Murdoch: I don't see, I think we've got a very good mix. There are one or 2, it's one thing I'm not prepared to specify to you, I think at the moment and hasn't been announced that we would sell. But no, no major restructure.
Keith Murdoch: I think we've learned a tremendous amount in the digital area. And we have some terrific people now, all which are accounted for the cost of them in digitizing, not just the independent products, but all our information products. If you look at our apps, The London Times, The Sunday Times, News of the World, [indiscernible], they are as good or better than anybody else's. We intend to keep improving them. That will expand and the money coming from that will expand as more people have tablets, and what is interesting is we're getting tremendous take off, not just on the iPad but on the Kindle.
Keith Murdoch: Well I hope that the job won't be open in the near future. And I have -- Chase is my partner, if anything happens to me, I'm sure he'll get it immediately if I went under a bus. But Chase and I have full confidence in James. But I think that's all I need to say about it. But in the end, the succession is a matter for the board.
Keith Murdoch: No, I don't acknowledge that and no, I don't plan to change it. It's a very strong board, very often very critical and we have a lot of free ranging discussions.
Keith Murdoch: We are cooperating with all investigations and indeed, have invited in legal firms to help us check through. But we're not going into any more specifics of what they are. I can tell you that we are totally committed to absolute transparency for the whole company.
Keith Murdoch: I think we have obviously had a big alarm call. What happened there was we found out, the police found that, few people were charged, people went to jail. And after further investigations by them, [indiscernible] they said there was no further evidence and they were closing their file. In retrospect, we should have continued investigating.
Keith Murdoch: Mr. Dinh is a completely independent director, a distinguished lawyer. And I'll just assure you that we continually evaluate our corporate governance practices and have engaged outside counsel to confirm that we are in compliance with standards of good corporate governance.
Chase Carey: First on the affiliate fee growth, I mean as we look out over the next year, essentially we're looking at in the U.S., an pretty much affiliate fee growth in line with what we experienced this year. So we do think there's continued momentum to that. I think we've said before, we obviously had some -- a number of negotiations ahead of us as we go through the year. But we do expect to continue to maintain the type of growth in the coming year that we had last year. And probably higher growth when we have higher growth internationally and probably again, growth maybe just because the growth rate is so much higher internationally, probably down a touch. But significantly higher growth internationally and continued significantly higher growth internationally. I think in terms of the business, we feel very good about the business. I mean obviously at some level, it's matured in terms of homes and you've got economic issues in terms of household formation and some of the economic issues that are putting pressure on it. But I think the value of this, the value of this bundle and the demand for this bundle out there in United States, I think, continues really to be strong, in many ways, strong as it's ever been. I think, yes, you do have a maturing market that affects to some degree, how many houses, how many homes will be added to the pot. But it's a business we feel great about. And internationally, clearly, different story. So I assume you're talking domestic, because as we see internationally, you do a tremendous growth left ahead of you. I mean in many countries that are still really in the early stages of growth, even including developed markets, not just developing markets. So certainly in the international marketplace, you got enormous growth ahead of you in terms of just household, households coming into the pay TV market. But I think you've got really solid business here.
Chase Carey: Yes, we had some onetime events in the fourth quarter. Let me be clear, we feel very good about these businesses. I really do feel we've got a bunch of businesses there that have not reached their potential. And you take a channel like FX that is really -- it happens. It set rating records this year and it's just getting stronger. FOX News -- it used to be a -- gearing up we've got a lot of -- probably, I think in the next year plus, half the universe of FOX News coming up again. We're still going through retransmission.
Chase Carey: So the [indiscernible] strength of that business, we feel very good about, we think we can do a lot of things. So it was the onetime event in the quarter.
Chase Carey: I mean I think our advertising certainly, I think reflects the strength of, in many ways, the strength of our channels. The cable ratings, as I talked about FX, if you look at the ratings of that strength for FOX News and American Idol, obviously for us got stronger as the year went along. So you had a good healthy -- healthy national market and good healthy channels to sell into it. And as we look out into 2012, certainly right now, that the national business is great, whether it continues to be with the rate scatter pricing, in the broadcast business, [indiscernible] scatter pricing in cable business, and I think as we for the year, when we're looking at ad dollars for the broadcast network, I think we're assuming they are probably about flat. And on the cable business, I think it's sort of up. Domestically up mid double digits and higher than that.
Chase Carey: Higher than that, fairly significantly notch above that internationally. Probably the area that is, right now, certainly the local business is not as robust as the national business. Looks like it will be a bit better for us in September as we get some things kicking in but...
Chase Carey: If you do the year-on-year comps, I think it's a couple of points up. Obviously, politicals are going to create year-on-year negative comps and we did have the Super Bowl and so if you give it [ph] those things, it probably puts it down a bit on the actual numbers.
Chase Carey: I guess on the first question, pacing local, I think as we look at this quarter, and I think we're probably pacing down, I think it's sort of mid up high single digits down in the quarter. Again, a little bit better as you get to September, as we get some other things that are -- some of the events coming in there, the NFL is doing -- the NFL is selling well. The auto business seems to be coming back in September. I think we feel great about the network lineup that we got to sell into that but -- and clearly, part of that pacing is political, if you take out the -- I think if you exclude political, it's probably sort of low single-digit down. So excluding political, you probably have a reasonably flat market. With the politicals in it, it sort of gets to be a more mid to high single digit type of pacing. In terms of the 8-day window, I guess it really sort of ties into retransmission. And I guess our overall view, in many ways, that our broadcast network as a channel, just like, in many ways, like our cable channel. So dual revenue stream business with advertising and subscription fees. And if we're going to go out and get paid subscription fees for that product, we think it's appropriate that we manage how -- what are the terms on which consumers access it elsewhere. And if you look at most of the cable original programming, it's available on various delays because that's partial of the demands you're putting into the channel itself. And I think what we'd look to is authentication being the tool through which consumers can get to that midnight, next day experience, but it's an addition to the experience, it's not a replacement. And we think that's an important principle. I'm not going to get too deep into all our negotiations in the terms of our agreements with various parties. They have different terms and conditions to them. But obviously, this becomes part of -- sort of if it's tied into running the broadcast business like the cable channel, then it's tied into retransmission, which is really the tool for making a dual revenue business. I think I said in the past, we're largely in the next 18 months through the vast majority of our -- I think both affiliates in broadcast and MVPDs, we'll be through the vast majority of our retransmission agreements. Doesn't mean, again, we won't -- if the windows aren't necessarily tied to agreements. I think we recognize we're foregoing some and if authentication -- our hopes would be if authentication gets some better traction, I guess it's been disappointing in some ways authentication hasn't gotten further in terms of concepts, in terms of execution in the last couple of years, there's been a lot of talk, not as much action. And I think in some ways, it's getting overly beaten up by some of the distributors out there. We'd like to see an open, robust authenticated environment where a lot of people can compete with it, a lot of -- there's a lot of choice for customers. It's not another version of a wall garden experience. And hopefully that's where we can get to, where it's rich, easy to use, exciting experience. Customers get that experience. Look, almost everybody -- authentication really isn't going encumber anybody. Most homes take cable subscriptions today. So it -- really if you make it easy to use, and you created an exciting open environment where consumers got a lot of choice in that authenticated world, we think it's a great experience that really can make the whole process of, sort of, from the initial subscription and the ongoing viewing, additive. And I think that we believe is important investment in our long-term health and to a degree, there's some viewership we sacrifice in the short term. I place that upfront. I think we -- we're going to be focused on having built the right the business models and long term asset value and not having to squeeze a quick buck out of this for a quarter or two.
Chase Carey: And it may not get that great growth. I think it's much better channel than it was 12 months ago. I think they've done a good job. I mean these channels, they don't -- Fox News didn't grow overnight, Fox Business doesn't grow overnight. I think the channel's made real headway, and it really -- actually I could've put it on the list, I just didn't select it. It was more example wise, not all-inclusive. I mean, to say the ones I didn't mention wasn't -- by excluding them wasn't saying we're not excited by them and we really are. I mean Fox Business has made great strides, as Rupert said, we got a couple of holes in distribution that we've got to fill, one which we got a handle on. And we think this channel really is an exciting growth area for us as well, and I think really adds an exciting dimension to our FOX News business.
Chase Carey: Well, they're continuing -- it's really an ongoing process, and it's really multidimensional. It is -- and it's not just for us. It is revenue, digital extensions of the product. We're certainly investing in that. We're looking at ways we can deal with the printing side of it. We have real scale there and I think it's important for us to figure out how do we take advantage of that scale to create real efficiencies. And really, like I said, over time we're continuing -- the growth side of this is going to be increasingly digital. And that's a long-term transitional process but an area we need to focus on. In the U.K., we obviously going through in much more -- with closure of the News of the World, a much more jarring change than we need to. We got new management that's been in place for all of -- we've got a new CEO in place for a couple of weeks. And he's obviously taking up something that looks very different than it did a month ago. And I think in fairness to him, we'll give him time to get his head around how do you deal with the business at that stage [ph] that it has absolutely created a significant and a negative year-over-year variance for us this year. And we need to prioritize how do we address a business that looks very different without News of the World there.
Chase Carey: I mean I'm not going to go back and critique things that are in the years past. Generally, you make honest judgments. Rarely -- it doesn't mean they're not honest judgments, rarely does something look the same as you thought it would 5 years after the fact. But -- so all I can really do is speak to it prospectively. And that's how I'm going to deal with it. And prospectively, I think it is important. We have discipline, we have goals, that we invest in places that we really think fit our core areas of focus and growth that -- and that can really bring something -- bring a dimension to our business that we can really capitalize on. And again, that being said, when you talk about acquisitions, and I guess I want to continue to be clear. I mean that the way you build -- you create real value is to build it. And I think within that, what you really probably are looking for mostly is places where you're acquiring something, it's sort of a foundation to build off of. I think if you're buying mature businesses it's probably pretty tough.
Chase Carey: But inside our expectations, we expect it's a reasonably flat business. We want to be conservative. It's a business that obviously, as what Rupert said, it's tough to predict. And so we believe we have got a great team there that's done a great job, but I think as you try to project out, you be conservative, so we projected the year as pretty flat with this year.
Chase Carey: And I think we try to do -- we've certainly done some streamlining of our businesses and I think we would continue to try to like this, focus on the core businesses that we think are the heart of our gross revenue. So I think just the last month or 2, sold the outdoor business and have taken some other steps. But I think from a larger and sort of the core area that we're focused on, the areas we grow and build, I'm sure you're a great fan of financial engineering. But want to be smart but I think we have tried to cleaned up some of the things where we got complexities to focus some businesses that we think makes sense. We obviously cleaned up MySpace and digital area this year. So I do think we're trying to bring a level of focus and discipline that both help deal with the undervalue of our stock.
Chase Carey: I'm not going to speak too much of the way Hulu's running the process. We're obviously partners, so I think probably they are the right ones to speak to. It is obviously ongoing, and I think, progressing largely according to plan, but for us, I think we'll see where it ultimately ends up. And I think for us, it's still a decision to see where -- what it looks like at the end. Does it make sense to pursue that path or does it make sense for us to stay in an ownership position and continue to have it driven by content owners. But I think it's on course and on schedule, but I'll let Hulu speak to it in more detail.
Chase Carey: Thank you, Rupert. Well, I want to thank everybody for joining the call today. If you have any further questions, please give us a call. Thanks.
David DeVoe: The answer to the first part of your question is, about 1/3 of our cash is held offshore, principally in euros and in sterling and in all appropriate banks that are highly rated. With respect to BSkyB, BSkyB is just for. . .
David DeVoe: This is one off. There were some programming contracts as well, that we've had for a while, which we wrote down as well.
David DeVoe: Anthony -- I think actually Rich asked, but I just want to go back to the question that Rich asked Rupert and just to give a slightly more perspective on it. Rupert may have forgot this. But if you go back, if you compare where we were 2008 to where we are today, I mean today as a company is much, much stronger financially, the nature of the company has changed. The predictability of our earnings have changed if you look at where we're going with our cable business. And in 2008, at one point, we thought that the financial world was coming to an end so we're extremely, extremely conservative. So I just think we're in a totally different place today from where we were in 2008 with respect to our ability and capacity to buy back stock.
David DeVoe: With respect to the guidance, we have not provided in the guidance anything out of the ordinary with respect to the cost that. -We, obviously -- we have to provide it for the known litigations that we know about and the expected settlements of those cases.
David DeVoe: Operator, we have time for one more question for the financial community before we go to the press. Also at this time, I'd like to remind members of the press that they should start queuing up the call.
David DeVoe: It's not significant of guidance. We're using pretty much the exchange rate that exists. There are some -- to be honest, I don't have the exact number at my fingertips, but it's not significant. If it's very important to you, I will get Reed to get back to you on that.
