Robert Thomson: Entcho, look, obviously, I don't intend to comment on specific legal cases. And the US real estate industry is clearly in transition. But there's no doubt that realtors have a crucial role in the purchasing process, and we are proud to serve them. As for realtor.com, our experience in Australia and our complementary media platforms and US position us perfectly to take advantage of that tradition, where transition. We are very focused in the interim of on making sure that the back end is solid, that the user interface is great and that our customers get value for money. We are very focused on buy-sell, hence our partnership deal with Zillow on rentals, which will be beneficial to both companies. And the imperative, really, is to focus on the world's largest property market, which is still relatively early in its digital evolution. And we have the media assets and now, from our global experience, to make the most of that moment.
Robert Thomson: Well, as for HarperCollins, we are all bookish to a certain degree and purchases ebb and flow like the pilot books on the bedside table. Early last quarter, sales were strong, and then there was clearly a slight pause in purchasing. But what I can say is that we have seen a return to strong year-on-year performance in April and have a compelling roster of new releases. And even in Q3, we saw an improvement in margin from 11.8% last year to 12.3% this year. We're certainly benefiting from the international expansion of audio books as you mentioned and the efforts of Spotify who have transformed audio book streaming revenue, which rose 14% in the third quarter. So, we're proud to partner with Daniel Ek and his talented team as they roll out streaming globally.
Robert Thomson: Look I can't comment on the financial details of the deal other than to say that this is a renewal of the existing deal. It has nothing to do with a payment for AI, Gen AI use of our content, servicing of that content, training of that content, or grounding of the content. So, any negotiations for that particular use of our content will come later.
Robert Thomson: Craig I'm sure that you and all on the call are sage enough to pass the phrases used in my earlier explanation and define the potential meaning. You can see that we're well advanced now thinking and planning and that planning has involved necessary regulatory steps and those were not simple steps to ensure that we have maximum flexibility genuine optionality. We want to continue to generate momentum and create maximum value for our shareholders. And we're certainly not complacent. Even though the share price has risen as of yesterday just over 46% in the past year we do recognize that there is a significant sum of the parts discount so stay tuned and not indefinitely.
Robert Thomson: Jamie they were regulatory changes related to the original composition of the company in Australia. And really other than what I said earlier I'm not at the liberty to say -- say anything more at this moment.
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho, maybe just to add on that, too, I mean the spend itself is probably broadly focused roughly evenly across both categories. But I think the thing to remember is in relation to the back half of last year, we pulled back significantly on the marketing spend, particularly in Q3 and a little bit in Q4. So the prior year compares will look more challenging in relation to marketing spend. But to think about it more broadly, it's focused on both areas, product and marketing.
Susan Panuccio: And David maybe just to complement that a little bit. It's not like a perfect comparison. The Book Scan data when we have a look at it for Q3 showed consumption down 3%. So, that gives you an indication that the market was a little bit softer for Q3. But going into Q4 we did have a particularly weak Q4 last year so we would expect to see pretty strong compares as we finish out the year.
Susan Panuccio: And Alan just from a financial perspective well we've never given a doubt specifically you can assume that it's broadly consistent with the financials of the previous deal.
Susan Panuccio: Darren I think when we think about it from the last quarter I think we talked about this there was the writers' strike towards the back end of last year and that obviously had an impact on the content that was flowing through there. So, that did have an impact on the subscribers and we're seeing a carry forward of that. I mean that's really what the impact is.
Susan Panuccio: I think Lucy you might remember we did --we sort of announced I think probably a year ago the 5% head count reduction. And I think we quoted a number of 160 million for the cost out. I mean it's great that we're actually -- we hit those numbers and exceeded those numbers actually. But the really good thing is that the businesses are actually always focused on costs. So whilst that was a particular exercise that we did across the whole group. Across all our businesses there are different transformation initiatives that they continue to work on as they look for efficiencies. So we feel pretty confident that we've got a good cadence in relation to that that can help offset any shortfalls in revenue. And that's why you've seen such good margin expansion in the year.
