Robert Thomson: Entcho, on Foxtel. Look, it's inappropriate at this moment to discuss specific to the review. But clearly, we and our partners at Telstra recognized that the prospects of Foxtel have changed fundamentally and that we have a streaming success story. Look, we've had cutting edge world cost tech and we have a user interface. But as vastly improved and we have a team led by Patrick and [Indiscernible], and they will drive further success most surely. Think about how the narrative has changed over the past two years.  As you recall, we had been asked about the skeptics whether we would need to put more money into the Company. And let's examine what happened. We took a majority stake because we believed more clarity, more responsibility, more decisiveness was necessary. We've used our media platforms to complement and promote the quality of Foxtel. Our team made some tough decisions to rationalize, made some smart decisions on streaming and systems and here we are today. So, whatever we do we will not be naive, naivety is not now [Indiscernible].  And as for Zillow, obviously, we had discussed ourselves getting into bricks-and-mortar but we had a very clear sense of the digital priorities. Don't forget that we had revived -- renovated the distinctly unfashionably realtor.com. We bought it on the cheap net about $700 million. What's it worth now, $6 billion [Indiscernible] What will it be worth in 5 years as the inevitable digital march continues [Indiscernible] $20 billion [Indiscernible] So we've been very focused, diligently so to service for vendors, buyers, and realtors.  As for Zillow, look, the idea that it was simple to find a great plumber plus or a plan or a planter, the idea, the process was not variable and subject to vicissitudes, the idea that holding inventory was not itself costly. To me, those were rather strange ideas. I'm not sure what impact Eventually when Zillow makes up its mind on what type of businesses it is, they will have on the market. But I can talk from my macro perspective. First of all, very confident in REALTOR 's prospects, but also very confident in the U.S. real estate market generally.  It's a marketing transition and the laws of supply and demand still apply. Prices are too high; 2 things will happen. Buyers will start hesitating, more sellers will appear on the market, is the immutable way of the world. And I suspect we're very much in a moment of such transition which is good for REALTOR. Of course, interest rates will be a factor, but over the foreseeable future, we're still talking about either historic lows or near historic lows. And more significantly for us, we're seeing a more enduring trend starting to take hold. And it was a myth that millennials would not want to our own their own home.  That there would be a WeWork version of home, WeHome, or that car sharing meant that we wouldn't mind sharing bathrooms and lounges. Will that myth have been well and truly debunked? COVID coziness not really a thing. Work from home implies that you have a home. And I do recommend a sage article this week in barons on that subject. So, some of the myth of this suppose share economy has certainly been shattered. So, price increases of moderating, interest rates are relatively low in the USC eviction moratorium is mostly overtime on the market gradually increasing. Our massive increases in audience traffic 30% to 40% more than pre-Covid and leads 15% to 20% above pre -pandemic levels all tell us that there is deep demand. And in short, we are rather excited about REALTOR 's prospects now and far into the future.
Robert Thomson: First of all, on News Media, what you're seeing is really a transformation led by our chains, as Susan mentioned. Whether it be ad revenue, which shouldn't -- in the UK was up 36%, Australia 5%, New York Post, 32%. SEC revenues overall up 16%, in the UK 13%, Australia 9%. You're seeing a lot of hard work done by our teams in being very diligent about costs, but also being focused on growth. Certainly, the big digital deals will make a difference to all of our publications.  And frankly, all we can say given the constraints of confidentiality, is it the deals mean that comfortably over 9-figures are flowing into the News companies in return to the highest quality new services in 3 separate continents. Though unfortunately we are yet to reach agreement with Facebook, or the artist formerly known as Facebook in the UK. We are watching closely the evolution of possible legislation there that channels the Australian legislation, which would be handled. With Google as well, it's not just about payments. It also means working together on new products in audio and video.  And that's the content side. And those are productive discussions [Indiscernible] ideal, and it applies to both companies is the ad tech conundrum. We have always kept the ad tech issue to one side as I strongly believed that there were 2 components in need of resolution: the value of content and digital ad dysfunction. I was fairly confident there would be document discovery and the Texas Attorney General 's complaint has revealed some of the rather disturbing details. And I have little doubt that the Department of Justice will add to that detail in coming days. Now, how we resolve these issues does indeed remain to be seen.
Robert Thomson: Craig, as a simplification, kindly we are constantly reviewing our structure. As you know, we've sold quite a few companies along the way. The local newspaper business at Dow Jones, which we presumed would struggle and that didn't turn out to be the case. Amplify which found a bit of home. News America Marketing was less meaningful to us as sprint sales declined somewhat. unruly, which has found a welcome home elsewhere and within we still have a relationship. But Ad-tech let say is for others.  So, we will constantly be institutionally introspective, reviewing our structure with Foxtel or Digital Real Estate, or -- as we have done to designate Dow Jones as a separate segment so that you can see not only the potential there but also to be clear about the very positive progress that the team is making in news media. We've made many changes. Those changes have been productive and profitable, and we will never stop questioning or challenging ourselves.
Robert Thomson: Clearly, we've focused on the buyback and we're now in a position to begin the buyback, as we've had to wait until the earnings announcement, given the regulatory restrictions in the quiet period. That quiet period, is almost over and you will soon hear the sound of buyback. The pacing depends on being rational about the trends in the market, but this is a very different buyback to that initiated the time of the split. As you know well, at that moment, we were worried about unexpected share dislocation.  And what are the provision to intervene if and when necessary, during that unprecedented unpredictable period. Now, we're on an entirely different epoch. The Company patently has momentum. We are confident about our cash generation potential, our ability to both invest to grow, and to return capital. So, as I mentioned, now that the quiet period is almost over, you will soon hear the sound of buyback.
Robert Thomson: Great. Well, thank you, Bobby. And thank you for all participating. We look forward to talking to you soon. Have a great day. Take care.
Susan Panuccio: And Alexia, on your second question you asked about the SFUAD competition within Australia. And I think the Foxtel team did a great job of talking about this at the strategy day. Around -- basically the great content they have within sports, particularly the AFL and our own quicker contracts that they have.  They had long-term relationships with the studios and have developed a very good working relationship with them. And there is great aggregator of the services down there. So, I think, while there is clearly competition that is coming into that marketplace down there, they are operating very well within that current environment.
Susan Panuccio: And Craig, just on your question in relation to REALTOR, as you know we don't give the EBITDA number but the year-on-year difference was up $6 million negative in relation to REALTOR. And one of the main reasons for that is the continuing investment in growth in that business within marketing and headcount.
Susan Panuccio: And Brian, just in relation to your question on the content licensing, we haven't given out that number apart from saying it was going to be into 9 figures. And just in relation to how that's going to be pacing over the course of the year. We would expect to grow as more products within those particular contracts launched like for instance, showcase over here in the U.S. So, we would expect to see that build as we go throughout the year. And we talked previously in relation to that about a high-level allocation of switching between the News Media segment and Dow Jones.
