Chase Carey: I’m not going to put a specific date. These are fluid businesses. But I think this is something we looked up, judging quarters not in years. And I think our goal is to get to a place, essentially probably that has got a revenue, the top line that is going in the right direction, and a clear path to profitability. And I think those are the goals we’ve set for that business. And I think the product we launch, we feel really good about. We recognize, we have to build an audience, we’ve got an audience, we’ve got still great reach that gives us the foundation to bring an audience to that products. But our traffic number is still not going in the right direction, and we have to stabilized that and have a predictable path forward. And make sure we got the right cost structure. And again, a clear path to be a profitable business.
Chase Carey: Great. And I guess first, I just clarify there that shows like Modern Family there are probably more ABC decisions based on rights or license. I’ll talk about our shows, but probably decisions you’re citing on things like Modern Family are more driven by ABC as the network, the licenses, the network rights. I mean I guess what I say, as a broad-based statement, as I think this digital arena is clearly still evolving, I think it is important that – we’re very focus on essentially, how do you manage this rights and really, there are a handful of key issues. What are the windows, what’s the ad load and what’s the pricing to the degree that you’re dealing with some form of payment structure? Obviously it’s what the products that goes in it. I think all those things are things we’re evaluating. Obviously, in places like Hulu we’ve talked about a subscription service to go with the pay service. I think as we go forward with our traditional distribution partners, it’s important we deal with these issues, constructively. We think the digital arena is a very important one. I think particularly the mobile platforms. I do think the iPad brings a whole new dimension of opportunities to the digital arena. But look scarcity of our products is a tremendous value. I think we need to make sure we’ve manage that product. We managed its availability intelligently. And I think that is very been much a work in progress and I certainly wouldn’t say today. If we’ve got a set of rules in place that we’re looking to as long-term goals, I think we learn as we go. And I think those practices will continue to evolve. And I do think it’s important that the digital platforms continue to develop dual revenue stream options. I mean I do think in fragmenting world, it’s difficult to rely solely on the advertising supported platforms. And I do think dual revenue streams are critical and those options, the digital world, clearly or even earlier stage than others. So I think this arena will evolve. I think you’ll see how we manage content in that context. Continue to evolve as these various business models evolve.
Chase Carey: Well, I mean if you – I think with the sequel, it’s been a whole different level. I mean sequels to the most successful film ever by practically a factor of two. If you’re asking, it’s got two sequels, you can look at that. So, there are a couple years – there are a few there’s down the road. But those are obviously enormous events and that is a film without comparison or rival. An incredibly successful film, and obviously, an incredibly important franchise for us. I mean it’s really more than film in many ways this is up, it is a franchise for us to develop and I think one of the great opportunities you get with these sequels is what the lead time and knowing the product you’ve got, it enables you to develop a lot more things around it. Whether it’s merchandise, licensing, gains, a whole experience that sort of leads into this now that you’ll have the anticipation coming towards it. So, it is – you really do need to think about it as a franchise that – I think it’s hard those, two sequels movies coming. In the short term, and they’re certainly important, we’re excited about the home video product we’ve got at Christmas. We still haven’t exploited really the 3D, home entertainment experience because the 3D market is still in its infancy, so that opportunity is down the road, particularly is. I mean this is a franchise without comparison that we need to continue to make sure we in every way possible and I do think the digital world opens up in array of this front [inaudible] develop …
Chase Carey: I’m not going to – we don’t get into terms I mean on the terms we have with key talent. We’re very happy with them. We’re thrilled to have the pictures. We’re thrilled to be working with Jim
Chase Carey: Actually I didn’t see. I mean what I – the stuff I saw from Cable division was more sort of essentially complaining that the government didn’t get involved. So, I mean I guess I’m not sure. We were pretty clear with what we’re trying to get and I’m not going to sort of go through what were private negotiations public. But we feel good about where we are. I think we’re pretty clear about what they were trying to do and that was dragging the government into it. We did not – we don’t think the government needed to be into it. In reality, I think it would have been helpful if the government said upfront, they weren’t. They made up few noises that probably made the process more difficult or is there to make more extracted. I mean I think, protracted. I mean I think if the government have been clear upfront, they were going to stay out of it. It was private matter between private parties; it may have not gone off the air at all. But they got what they were trying to do is pretty clear all along is drag government. And I think it became clear that government while their array of parties putting out releases, that this is a battle to be dealt with between private parties. And we reached an agreement that we feel very good about.
Chase Carey: And on BSkyB, no, I mean we filed today. I mean other than what I think is out public, I’m not sure this is a whole lot. I think that the E.U. has said that they’ll answer by some date, nearly this early December.
Chase Carey: And I think the U.K. has said they’ll position earlier or something. But I don’t think there’s a whole lot more color than that.
Chase Carey: Well, we clearly believe we have room in our array of fronts to continue to drive this number of our channels. I mean I guess in many ways. There are channels aren’t fully distributed that we are continuing to add distribution. Obviously, when we add subscribers to the channel, it’s pretty, it’s pure bottom line. A number of the recent deals even including big channels expanded that distribution. The quality of the channels and then you get something like FOX News as it continues to drive forward in the next year or plus. We have been to a new roundup, renewals on FOX News. Again, it sort of the upfront comments. It’s really three things that really all improved those margins. Sort of again, additional – I mean I’m talking about domestic now, additional subscribers, getting affiliate rates that reflect the value of the channels. And the audience that comes with it in terms of the advertising. Probably even more so domestic, I mean internationally because in internationally, you’ve got channels that expand that reached at an even things like subscriber growth or an even faster rate when you look at places like Latin America and the rate of growth there. So, I think we clearly have real room to grow and as we’ve said competitively, when you look at our channels against those we compete with, they are much less mature channels. They have not been around as long and therefore, the positive things of being they’ve got – I think disproportionately more growth ahead of them. And [inaudible] channels continue really operate well. And again, whether it’s news or FX or its originals, channels that really perform well. And we feel very good about the ability to drive those business forward
Chase Carey: No, and in fact I think we’d looking at subs going up. But I think awful lot was read into that. I don’t – I mean if you’re good at this court-cutting issue, I just don’t see it. I mean, realistically, I mean it’s the second or third quarter, the mature market were probably a little tougher quarters, but cable down a bit. And satellite and telco is still up. And I guess still the good fundamental service that for American households is a fundamental part of what they do with their time and what they value in their life and I think it’s a service without comparison. For that, we would not be seeing that.
Chase Carey: We’re not going into specifics in terms of terms with any one party or really terms in general. I guess what I’d say is the RSNs continues to be a really good business for us. I think they as well as our other cable channels were achieving their objectives and continuing to drive those businesses forward.
Chase Carey: The dollar helps some but that’s not the driving force. I mean if I use the phrase big and broad I think in the opening comments and that’s what it is. I mean its multiregional, multi-channel. There’s Latin America, Europe; I cited Asia. I mean on Asia, I’m actually excluding India, so it’s not talking about STAR, which is equally has been good. But it’s a good story. The ad dollars are equally. The ad dollars I think in the mid-20s year-on-year, increases. But those channels, they continue to – that’s it core TV [ph] really is good in strengthening channels. And I think you got to have quality to deliver. But it is a broad regional story, and the multi-channel story that has both affiliate and the dollar strength behind it.
Chase Carey: Yes, I mean they probably to their credit. Again, I guess in many or four quarters, but I think they’ve beaten every quarter, they’ve beaten the target I gave them. So, yes, they’ve done a really a good job. As the STAR guys, really I mean the STAR guys is the same thing. I mean it’s not just in a random way. Like I think – and I do think it’s not just saying it’s a market. I mean I think they’re doing a really good job executing and creating quality channels that stand out and have a real value. When you look at the marketer of our channels combined in some of these places, Latin America, Europe it’s extraordinary. And I think we have a real position of leadership that we can really deal on.
Chase Carey: Well, first, I mean and I guess on the last point, I’m really thinking about our broadcast network, more and more should be thought on the same way as cable network. And therefore, I don’t know that you’re differentiating one from the other. They got to become dual revenue businesses that receive revenues that are reflective of their strength, that’s what we’re driving the Fox network to be is a business that looks essentially much more like our cable networks. I guess in the sport point, the sports programming is always a double-edged sword. It has great strength, great value. Look at the NFL right now, in the world of fragmentation, it continues to set records. We would like, as I said, we would like another World Series game or two and that’s a variation in it, but it’s still great content in baseball. And the programming has great appeal. It is sports as a unique strength in the world of DVRs and all the like, there isn’t anything like it. There isn’t a second World Series or a second Super Bowl or a second NFC championship game. And it is has unique value in the marketplace. The issue with it is they come with big price tags. It’s been a great part of building Fox. We’ve like it to continue to be a part of building Fox, but we’ve got to negotiate rates that enable us to believe it make sense. I think our goal. We think it has been important. It’s been valuable to us. We’d like it to continue to be a part of our story. But we’ve got a make sure it’s on terms that make sense. Obviously, retransmission does help. I mean I think it would, if you’d been asset supported only business and asset orderly [ph] business, I think probably overtime, you wouldn’t find any of these sports on any other networks on that business model. But I think as they build the business model, that enables them to compete in a more level playing field. It has profitability businesses with exciting long-term futures, then it enable to compete for rights. But as with any rights, you’ve got to be disciplined and at some point rights get too expensive, though they’re rights we clearly like to have. And I’d certainly put the sports rights in that category.
Chase Carey: In the house, the difference between screens, I mean, is going to continue to diminish their sort of PC and TV. If you get more Internet-ready TVs and the like. I do think mobile is probably a more discrete platform that is obviously different because it has the really get it anywhere. I do think the iPad or the tablet devices are really going to redefine that whole mobile experience. So it’s very early stages, but I think what will be the true, I think the Apples will grow fast now through the next couple of years. You’ll really start to have it big enough universe out there to meaningfully determine how do you develop that offer, how do we build on that opportunity; it is a real opportunity for us. And I’m not sure if you went into the home system, which screens the way longer term. I think in the short-term, it could exist but I do think those screens are going to blend. And I think it does come back to figuring out probably more what is the business models for our content and what are the right terms, and I think we need to work on. It is a tremendously valuable content, it’s tremendously valuable. We need to manage it. We need to make sure as we make it available, were making it available on the right terms as much as like the movie business is done historically creating a series of Windows that went from theatrical to video to pay to free. Now, it’s talking about a VOD window that may be ahead of the DVD window. But you continue to figure out how do you create the right windows on the right business terms. I do think one of the things that I would get public about as people talk about, broadcasters versus cable. And again I think that distinction is sort of ill-founded. I mean in essence if you’re going to create original programming on a cable channel, why is that sort of ones in the real versus great in our original programming on our network. I mean its great original programming, you ought to manage accordingly. Figure out how do you exploit that programming. I think it’s a good thing for us to enable our customers to access that programming in new and exciting and interesting ways. I think that’s a great opportunity for us to do that. But we need to do it in ways that have us fairly compensated for our value of our content. Like our content is incredibly valuable, we can’t just throw it out there to everybody. We got to make sure that we’re putting it out there on terms that get us fairly compensated for the content we create.
Chase Carey: I think it’s actually up about 10%. And Home Entertainment business because a lot of people sort of going down. It’s actually stabilize for us with each [ph] segments that were going down were actually seeing some nice light there right now.
Chase Carey: I mean it’s a pretty big can. I mean its good apples and oranges to sort of compare one to the other. I mean certainly, I think the cable market as buying market continues to be a very strong market. I think you’ve seen in this sport industry segment that sort of the prices of things like half hours really move to and we obviously or beneficiary Modern Family, move the whole new levels just in the last year or plus. So, that’s the market. And I think the Broadcast business certainly has come out of it’s the hole it was in a couple of years ago. We’ve got to strike stronger ad market there. So, make that market certainly seems to have been stabilized. But we stop to make those year-over-year comparisons because it’s going to be title driven.
Chase Carey: Now, I guess something like Yahoo! or the press meetings have things to write about. But I think we are now certainly do not need to make any acquisitions. I think we’ve got a great portfolio of businesses that we can grow across aggressively that a good diversification amongst them. And I think what we want to be is make sure we’re start about things, look at things that are out there and if there’s something there and we should consider it. But what we’re going to do so in a very disciplined way. I mean we say that we look it up cable channel; we looked at travel Channel a year ago. We kicked the tires on something overseas recently. And ultimately, they were people looking for values that didn’t make sense to us. And our general preference is to build businesses, not buy businesses. It’s the way that we build the great businesses in News Corp., it’s what where our focus will continue remain. But if we see something that we can – we think we could acquire at a very attractive price that fits, I think we’d want to take a look at it. But we’re going to do so in a very disciplined way. We’re certainly not out shopping for anything. And again, I think our priority and our focus, and our preference is to build this businesses and I think we’ve got real opportunities to do that.
Chase Carey: No. I think the opportunities to build new channels are probably pretty few and far between. I think you’ve got a lot of mouth there, I won’t there say there won’t be one. But I think right now you’ve got a pretty big group of channels, but we’ve got a lot of growth there. We got channels that FX and Nat Geo to which we’re still adding subscribers in a significant way that are not – that we have room to continue to grow even with our big channels. So, it’s not just a little channels where we can add to. And obviously, overseas, it’s a whole different case. I mean overseas, are business that are a much earlier stage. So, the U.S. business I think the places you’d add channel with the fewer far between. I think internationally, it’s a different case. I think domestically, the opportunities are really to take channels and take them to whole new levels. And again, I think use the examples that you used before. Make Nat Geo, Discovery or make FX USA and that opportunity would be increasing our profit and cash flow by multiples not percentages.
Chase Carey: We certainly, we’ve taken them very broadly. I mean I guess are the platforms, which I guess would be more specifically the European platforms or India, we certainly done some. But the international channels are really territories and across the row, we certainly have done it. I mean and things like that. Just some a more exportable than others. I mean like Nat Geos, certainly our content and entertainment. We have reviews to drive entertainment channel. Sports is probably applies that’s a bit more local in its contents. News, again, what we do some, it’s probably a bit more local. But certainly, big part of the international story is that it takes advantage of the economy and the efficiencies of using product that travels around the world. We got a lot of products that travels around the world and even movies, TVs, documentaries and the like. Some of it is a bit more local. But we’ve got an awful lot that’s travels around the world and that is what the look to take advantage of. And I guess in the cable channels, the growth, the other dimension to growth is I think going forward is really the digital arena. How do take this product and do people down the road want to get Fox News on an iPad, so that they watch it when their at home. And how do you take forward and develop opportunities that are like that. And I think those businesses – I think there are an array of ways that we can continue to build and add to in ways that exciting for customers and attractive for us. And it’s to building these franchises, build the content we launched in these franchises, original products. I mean FX has done a good job as anybody in the business in terms of launching great, unique original programming, how do we exploit it, how do we develop digital platforms to digital experiences forth that are compatible with FX. I mean I think we have to make sure we do it in a way that was compatible with our core distributors and they make sense, and is additive to our business. I think those opportunities are all there for us.
Chase Carey: So that’s – it is really, and there are other nuances you can debate sort of and I know everyone has started talking to Broadcast business. You take great 25 piles to define five shows, cable business is more selective about making cohabit something for 30 episodes and putting it on. So, I think there are other aspects of – if those businesses can learn from each other. But at its core, what you’re seeing is you’ve got a cable business that it’s dual revenue business that is a very healthy strong business. You got a Broadcast business trying to compete with one RBI in its back without a dual revenue stream and it needs to have a dual revenue – the strongest programming and has audiences that are multiples of any other cable channel out there and are ought to fairly valued. And we’ve approached this realistically with a spirit of fairness. I mean we could be asking if you’re looking at the competitive base because we should be looking for a lot more than we are and I think we’ve tried to be constructive about them.
Chase Carey: Right now, we have the 28th window. I think that’s been a good thing for us. We haven’t been there that long I think probably want to – I do think it’s something we’ll continue to evaluate. So, I think directionally, that’s been a good thing. I think we’ve got a – okay, a bit better handle and a bit more data around it to determine where and what is the right sequencing. I think as BOD continues to grow, you are going to continue to have change in the windowing strategy between DVDs and electronics and when people talk about premiums and the like that this is things will continue to evolve. But again, what I think is that we feel that windowing we’ve done has been good for us and will evaluate where we go from here as we go forward.
Chase Carey: Not a lot. It’s pretty new. I mean it’s only really relevant once you get the season launched. It’s barely a month into it. So, I think it’s pretty early to be making judgments amongst into something.
Chase Carey: I’m not going – I mean I’m not going to – first, I’m not going to comment on really the Sky transaction. And probably not …
Chase Carey: I think our – look our focus, we have three big businesses to that are really in early growth stage. I mean in one in very early growth stage in Germany. Italy, there was a lot of growth left ahead of it. And I think our focus is to build those businesses. We’ve got the channel business across Europe, which has continued to grow. And I think there’s some markets that were not – that I think are opportunities for us today to expand our channels. So, again, back on the sort of the build versus buy theme, I think our think our focus today is really to build the platforms in Italy and Germany, to build a channels we have across Europe. I think, as I say, forward we’ll be opportunistic and see what’s there, if there’s something that made sense. I think we’d look at it. But our honest focus is we’re not on a – out on a hunting or a shopping spree. I think our focus is on building those businesses.
Chase Carey: No, we said before that Sky transactions is not based on synergies. The businesses we run today, we’re focused on building them to their potential.
Chase Carey: Again, I’d rather we – we know a lot about TV production. I guess I’d rather be building them than buying. I guess if there was something uniquely interesting, we’d look at it. But I think our focus is to build those things. I mean we do run a pretty big TV production business today. So, it’s certainly something we know about and we know well and that will continue to our focus, to build on those opportunities. We produced programming in a lot of countries today. We produced programming in Italy, we produced programming in India, we produced programming in places around the world. So, we certainly have a lot of TV production going on. The most of it in the U.S.
Chase Carey: But in an array of countries around the world. And again, our focus will be to continue to build those things.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean in terms of the digital product in Europe, I mean in the U.K., we feel very good about it. And realistically, it’s very early. Digital as a whole, some of these platforms like tablets are just emerging. This is not something that is sort of a one or two quarter gain. I mean this is something that’s going to continue to build over years. And I think we feel that this is a great start, a great foundation, and we really look forward to continuing to build on this. And the whole digital arena is continuing to evolve and build and we’ve got a lot in the broader topic. We have – I think we are looking at array of digital opportunities when we get to a place, but if there’s something we’re going to do, we’ll announce it.
David DeVoe: Yes. The businesses that are within other, there’s only two other businesses. Fox Mobile and it’s our news outdoor business. All right …
David DeVoe: And IGN, related to MySpace, I would say there’s not substantial room for growth within those businesses.
David DeVoe: And as far as on the pacing, we’re staying pretty strong in the second quarter. I think we’re about around 11% X political, so business is very, very healthy.
David DeVoe: And that’s a strike in the business. I mean you’re getting great franchise cable channels with great revenue growth, driving great margins.
