Susan Panuccio: Just in relation to News Australia and the ARM acquisition, so I think what we'll find in the current year is that we will have integration cost largely offsetting any synergies that we will get, but we are expecting to see benefits coming through in this next financial year. So they are not included in the $40 million target that they are closing. So we are on track to deliver that $40 million target for this financial year. In relation to Wireless I'll now hand it over to Robert to talk about that integration.
Susan Panuccio: So I think we in previous calls we have obviously quoted the $112 million revenue number, but we don't talk about what the EBITDA impact is. I think that this way for you to look at that is to apply the normalized year-to-date margins and that would be view a good proxy to the EBITDA impact.
Susan Panuccio: So the other division include, corporate cost now headquarter cost and our strategy team, but it also includes a severance amount this quarter as well which is what you are seeing and why you are seeing the increase coming through.
Susan Panuccio: And Craig I think just to add Roberts thought from those matters, that I think just to reiterate my point that I made at the start of my statements. We will continue to look at opportunities that drive higher growth and value per share in the long term and we will look at everything.
Susan Panuccio: Excluding the acquisitions, we think the cost were down probably low-single digits, predominantly being driven by Dow Jones. So they've seen a good decreasing cost quarter-on-quarter year-on-year around 4%. We are also seeing some cost decreases coming through in relation to some of the other divisions within that segment, but it's predominantly being driven by the Wall Street Journal.
Susan Panuccio: I think I'd also add that we are seeing good digital growth across some markets, so we are seeing growth across News Australia, News UK on a year-to-date basis for the Wall Street Journal and the New York Post. And also pleasingly we're seeing ARPU growing. So I think that equally is important on the circulation side as what is on the advertising side.
Robert Thomson: Yeah thanks very much Susan. Entcho I think what we are seeing, is what we hope to see which is a real complementarity in the offering of the two. You've seen talkSPORT drive way to the Sun and the Sun drive business to talkSPORT. We're also seeing portfolio at pitches with the Wireless Group, the Sun, Storyful, Unruly, generating new business and obviously it's the early stage of the new partnership in UK. But Rebekah Brooks and the team are doing an excellent job in ensuring that the teams are talking to each other, working with each other and generating returns to shareholders.
Robert Thomson: John, we are standing in the middle of an interesting cycle, there is no doubt, a premium unpremium news and we are seeing that in the continuing growth in paid digital subs, the Wall Street Journal up 34% year-on-year. And for us there is an added benefit, which is we obviously see those news subscribers as a potential pool of our customers for an upsell to even more premium products, whether it be through to a high network individuals, semi-professional fund managers or those who are specialist like yourself in finance take commodities FX, whatever. So for us there is a double benefit, we are introducing a new generation of readers into the highest quality paid content and we are able to than bring them further into due diligence hold with our traditional professional information business products.
Robert Thomson: Thanks Craig and thanks for passing on the question Craig. It's a very silent one, it's a situation we constantly has under review as you know, we have a semi-annual dividend in place, the big buybacks up to around $71 million of provision for buybacks of $500 million. But we've divided, look really into three areas, opportunistic acquisitions, internal investment and capital. And if you look at the three main investments we have made which is realtor.com via Move, Harlequin and Wireless Group, you would have to agree that they played a crucial role in transforming our business. There is no doubt that if you noted out the $600 million we invested in Realtor has fundamentally transform the company and as you can see given the increasing growth in both revenue and EBITDA that I will say digital businesses in general and the ability that Harlequin has given HarperCollins, to move from one language to 17 languages is quite profound and that has also increased our digital footprint. And you can see the early signs in UK of the value of the Wireless Group. So we will continue to be opportunistic that we will continue to have the situation under review.
Robert Thomson: Ray the contribution to EBITDA growth was $22 million for the quarter, where we continue to expect EBITDA growth and revenue growth in Q4 without giving a detailed forecast. What we're seeing is that the traditional products like Co-Broke, which is up 34% year-on-year doing well, the newer products are also taking off, as well as our experience in advertising and in traditional media is enabling us to get better quality yields at Move. So there was a 33% growth in non-listing media revenues. So all-in-all that ability that we have to learn from our experience at REA, our ability to generate audience through marketed platforms, which gives us a marketing edge and our ability to create a site, that's not just a listing side for Realtor's and vendors but also a site that is holistic real estate experience with more news, more analysis than any other means that we certainly have a comparative advantage going forward.
Robert Thomson: We don't speculate on speculation. All I would say on the subject of media reform, is that really we do need comprehensive holistic wholesale media reform in Australia. We have a set of loads that are more for the Goldenberg [ph] era than the Zuckerberg era and as long as there is wholesale reform, we'll be supported by them.
Robert Thomson: I think, it's a very good question and it's one that was spending a lot of time and energy across our market looking at our ability to increase yields as we identify reader demographics and that's obviously at the very heart of the new advertising platform that we're building here in the US. We know that across the U.S. monthly we on our sites including Realtor, we have around 220 million visitors combined with our newspaper mastered audiences that is a valuable source of audience for advertisers and we're doing our very best to monetize it in a way that make sense to advertisers, increasingly find themselves on third-party networks unable to be sure the company that they're keeping.
