Robert Thomson: John, it’s Robert here. First of all, I would like to say that the Amplify team has obviously done much innovative work and it is a very able team. But you can take from our messaging today that we are in the final phase of negotiation with a potential acquirer, and we’re in an advanced stage of negotiation. And we have done a fair amount of institutional introspection, and the role that Amplify will play at News Corp is really different, apart from me saying that, that’s inappropriate at this stage to go further.
Robert Thomson: We prefer to focus on what we’re doing rather than the complexity of the consolidation of Zillow and Trulia. What we particularly noticed is that, really what we expected to be the case, not in a cocky way, but in a confident way that the powerful platforms that News Corporation has would enable us to judge traffic. What’s particularly gratifying apart from the great work that Ryan O’Hara and the team are doing at realtor is that the audience growth rate is continuing to increase. And so, if you look at our mobile audience, which is clearly key in the contemporary environment, in June that was up 79% year-on-year; so quarter-after-quarter, month-after-month, we are seeing increases in both audience and revenue. And we’re very optimistic about the future.
Robert Thomson: Well, it’s certainly true that the trend has improved with The Journal. We started to see some improvements in Q4. What’s particularly notable is tech advertising, which of itself tells you that, that those working in the digital world see the value of print as a platform, as well as the complementary of The Journal’s print and digital products.
Robert Thomson: As far with revenue with realtor, and look at the little videos to make medium-term forecast. Frankly, specifically, given the current growth rate - that we identified in both traffic and revenue, in the fourth quarter revenue was up 32%. What was particularly gratifying and particularly distinct for the long-term performance of the company is that the areas that we focused on which is CoBroke and media advertising, which had not been a priority in the past are both growing at a higher rate than that 32%.
Robert Thomson: Well, I think, we’ve always had great faith in the value of The Wall Street Journal. But, look, I’ll let you do the math there. If the Financial Times is worth what the Nikkei Group paid, and The Wall Street Journal is a far larger, far more successful, far more profitable masthead, what’s The Wall Street Journal worth.
Robert Thomson: If I could just supplement Bedi’s answer, when we spun the company off two years ago, we made clear that the extra focus and the shared benefits of that focus would - we expected reduced costs in our news division. So we are reducing duplication of technological platforms. We are reducing duplication of software investment and this is at time, of course, when you need a fair amount of software investment to remain contemporary and to take advantage of emerging platforms. But that extra focus has enabled our very able teams to do that without increasing the cost base in a way that bruises the business.
Robert Thomson: It’s clear that the new team at realtor.com has made a significant impact. We look it as just the start, but the early returns are certainly auspicious. We are continuing to work on driving traffic. We’re continuing to work on driving revenue. And what is fair to say is that the returns thus far have exceeded our expectations, but also given as confidence in the future that realtor.com will become an important pillar of profitability for News Corp.
Robert Thomson: We certainly see a pathway. At the moment realtor.com is the fastest growing of the sites. As you know, it’s moved from three to two, it was a year-ago, the slowest growing of the three sites. So the market is already being transformed. Secondly, the broader characteristics of U.S. real estate market are themselves auspicious. You’re seeing from last year where there were about 5 million units in volume in property turnover in the states. That rate, the annual rate now is close to 5.5 million. You will have noticed the National Association of Realtors, our partner at realtor.com released some research earlier this week that in Q2, the vast majority of U.S. cities are seeing increases in property prices. So it’s no longer just a lead markets of New York and San Francisco, LA and bits of Miami, it’s a broader secular change in the property market itself, which indeed helps realtor.com.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, as you well know, football rights are a context for themselves, and the match for NRL rights is probably at around half time and far from over. Really, all I can say more about football rights is that I personally an AFL tragic, for those needing translation that’s Australia Rules aficionado. And the specific outcome that I want to see is this Saturday and that would be an Essendon victory.
Bedi Singh: I’ll take the one on Amplify. I mean, clearly, look, as Robert said, we are in advanced stages of the strategic alternative process. We’ve also previously said that we expect and Robert said that quite clearly, a meaningful reduction in sort of cash expenditures. But beyond that, we’re not giving our numbers. It clearly would also depend on where we end up at the end of the strategic alternative process.
Bedi Singh: Hey, Craig. So in terms of the UK, I think - you should think about it within the context of sort of double-digit declines on advertising in local currency. I mean, we haven’t given out the specific percentage, but that’s what will feel consistent throughout the year, in the quarter, and we’re kind of seeing that continuing into the new fiscal year. And, with respect to sort of a cash balance and then the sort of annual cash flow, I think we said in the past that the way to think about cap returns within the context of our annual cash flow, and really the money that’s on the balance sheet is for internal investments, acquisitions and other opportunistic things that we would want to do.
Bedi Singh: For the year, in the first-half, they’ll be playing the Rugby World Cup in September, October. So that’s something different from what happened in fiscal 2015. Other than that, there is nothing else that’s significant in terms of sports rights costs that’s going to affect fiscal 2016.
Bedi Singh: Well, I think if you look at the fourth quarter, we benefitted from two or three things. The first one was we’ve been restructuring as you’ve seen over the years, and so - the benefits of those restructurings have now started to flow through. So that was one piece of it. The other one was, in the UK last year we had mentioned that there was higher marketing expenses so there was a lapping improvement in the quarter with those two things. And I think, generally, if you look at our sort of headcount across the businesses, that’s been coming down and that benefit has also flowed through.
Bedi Singh: Generally, we’re not giving a sort of quarterly breakout. But, I would say, for Move, we are going to be EBITDA positive for the full-year. And Foxtel is going to see the improvement in its EBITDA growth compared to fiscal 2015.
Bedi Singh: John, I mean it’s - all we can say is, we’re looking at alternatives and it depends on where we end up at the end of that process.
