Robert J. Thomson: Entcho, look, I think the best thing to do quite honestly for more granularity on REA is to talk to the REA executive team. What I can say is really that it was an unusual quarter given the uncertainty that is inevitably created by elections. As you well know, there was one in New South Wales and in Queensland. And the relatively early Easter meant that there was a slowdown in listings and it's a, quite frankly, a very listing-dependent business, but we have a lot of confidence in REA's prospects.
Robert J. Thomson: Just to supplement Bedi's observations, as he made clear, there are a couple of conditions that will very much inform what we do: continuity, consistency and sustainability.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, what I said is what I said, which is there would be a significant reduction in investment, but then let me be very clear that, that's not in any way to suggest that we are reducing our commitment to education. What we have in Amplify is world-class digital curriculum. What we're seeing now out in the field is a great deal of acceptance in classrooms, in school districts, in states, and we're very pleased by that. And so -- but there's a natural moment in the investment cycle in any new business where you do get variation and the variation that's upcoming is that which I indicated to you. We are very much on a path to profitability, but we are very much committed to improving education, improving the quality of the curriculum, the service to students and to the profitability principle.
Robert J. Thomson: And on News America Marketing, we see it as a very important part of News Corp. What we've noticed, for example, with realtor.com is significant amount of cooperation between the 2 companies. So I won't go into too much detail now. That would be premature. But there are, clearly, things that can be done in a way that enhance and leverage the competence and skills of both companies. And what we've seen, as you no doubt know, is a fair amount of competition in the FSI business. We're looking at costs there, as one must. But longer term, we're very confident about not only the traditional businesses at NAM, but the digital opportunities and the opportunities that exist to further extend the expertise that NAM has into other parts of News Corp.
Robert J. Thomson: Look, it's always perilous to prognosticate too much. But I think what we were trying to indicate was that the currents of the last quarter, Q3, was not a harbinger of worst to come in the current quarter. But when you look at the advertising market, there's no doubt that there are short-term trends in place. We have seen, for example, a recovery in telco advertising or also an increase in device-related advertising with new products like the Samsung Galaxy 6. But more generally, there are shifts in the advertising market that I think longer term, we're confident will play out to our strengths. In particular, if you look where large companies are spending at least some of their money, there are too many meaningless placements on frivolous sites. And in the end, we're very confident about our mastheads. We're very confident about the power of print. We're also very confident about the halo effect of a masthead in digital formats. And in the end, advertisers will return to quality, which is why our advertising teams around the world, in the U.S., U.K. and Australia, are reaching out to clients to articulate the virtues of our platform relative to something that's cyber superficial.
Robert J. Thomson: Just to complement Bedi's answer, I think one of the things we emphasized at the time of the formation of the new News 2 years ago was that the extra focus would allow us to make comparisons between our businesses and see where there were costs and also to be very incisive about, for example, one area which in a digital age is going to be expensive, our technology investment. And what we're seeing is that the close relationships between our newspaper groups around the world are allowing us to see where there are areas where we can make cuts. But as Bedi emphasized, we will always invest in quality and we have tremendous faith in our newspapers, both in print and in digital.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, what we have at The Sun is around 200,000 digital subscribers. We've also seen an increase in ARPU at The Sun with our digital subscriptions, and it has created both affinity and intensity that is of value to us, not just for circulation revenue but also for advertising revenue. We have those rights for another 12 months beyond the -- this Premier League season. As with any rights, we are certainly not going to overpay. We look at the monetization prospects. We believe for certain types of rights and certain types of countries that we're in a position to monetize better than others, but we will certainly not overpay.
Robert J. Thomson: Just to further Bedi's point, as you know, we've long indicated that we were unhappy with the level of penetration of Foxtel in Australia. We believe it's a great service that if people experience it, they'll like it. And so it's an important period of investment, and as Bedi indicated, the early signs are very good. New customer sales are up 52% year-to-date and since November to the end of March, they're up 75%.
Robert J. Thomson: I think, Christian, the question that we had was whether there would be much spin down, and I think it's fair to say that the spin down has been significantly less than forecast or feared.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, certainly, we had to do something different. And so indeed, Richard Freudenstein and the team reduced prices at the -- for the essentials package and the sports package, down [ph] from 50 to 25 and 75 to 50. That was necessary as was clever marketing. Now I think it will benefit Foxtel and its portfolio, for there to be close scrutiny during a period of intense marketing. On the quality of the programming that Foxtel has, there is no doubt it's programming is preeminent and you have a period now of a certain amount of flux in the Australian market, and I think it's flux that should work to our benefit given the quality and the quantity of our programming compared to that of inferior competitors.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Thanks, John. So look, I think as we've said before when questions have come up on capital returns that our first priority is to remain focused on stabilizing the business, making sure that we're reinvesting smartly and also to look at acquisitions and you've seen the kinds of acquisitions we've done. I mean, having said that, we obviously focus on delivering shareholder value and per share growth. And when we came out of the gate a couple of years back, we did say that the company would expect to pay a dividend. And as you know, we still have our $500 million buyback authorization in place. And I think we can say that look, 2 years are almost coming to an end and we have said, and Robert has said that as well, that this is the time when we are going to be having, and indeed we are having, intensive discussions on our capital return policy. I think, look, the way we're kind of thinking about it, I would say, is that whatever we do, I think, would be reasonable and should be something that's sustainable. And as our business grows and our cash flow grows, we'd expect that to be growing. So I think that's kind of the way I'd frame it.
Bedi Ajay Singh: I mean, we don't actually break out sort of the cost by each of those individual units. But what I can tell you overall is that we've had meaningful declines, excluding legal expense, the onetime legal cost that I mentioned, across most of our operating units. Some of that is because of past restructurings that we've done, and I think some of that is because we've had, for example, better pricing on news print and we basically looked at backroom operations. There's been a lot of cost reduction, I would say, across all of the units. This is by no means to say we're done, and we're continually evaluating the cost base. But again, we want to be careful that we're not cutting into kind of our key competitive strengths on the content side.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Thanks, Justin. So I mean, look, basically obviously with the launch of the new pricing package and the launch of Presto, there was the sort of call it [ph] the marketing and customer service investment that's made. Clearly, the subscribers have come on, but the full impact of their revenue hasn't probably been felt in the quarter. So that will translate into better sort of profitability as we go forward. You'd expect to invest something more in marketing because you're still trying to grow subscribers, and you'd expect that some of the customer service costs, as your subscriber base grows, would increase a little bit. But basically, the unit economics of the business are unchanged, and we expect because the subscriber uptake so far has been very good, that we -- the prognosis is good for Foxtel.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Thanks, Christian. ARPU has actually been relatively stable. It's a little bit down, but it's been remarkably stable and sports penetration has been pretty much along the lines of what we were expecting.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Yes, so actually, currency adjusted, we're seeing growth on circulation in all of the markets. In Australia, circulation revenue was up 4%. In -- as I said, The Wall Street Journal was up 7% and then the U.K. was pretty much flat. So I think it's good revenue trends.
