Robert Thomson: John, indeed we are continuing to see strong digital growth. I think you need to understand that there are really, for the Wall Street Journal, two paths to that growth. One is getting in the initial WSJ.com subscription. And secondly, developing products that allow us to up-sell premium customers to premium products, which obviously has far more elasticity and a greater premium profile. And so that is continuing well. I think it's fair to say, on the digital advertising front that in the last half of the fiscal, we didn't see the growth that we wanted. I think we have to be candid about that. There have been some changes made in that department under the leadership of Will Lewis in recent months. And we are confident that you will see, as you suggest, an improvement in advertising, which is coordinated indeed with the improvement in digital audience.
Robert Thomson: Well, Kane, clearly in the way that Susan and I described it, direct comparison is difficult. It certainly was EBITDA positive, as we indicated it would be. And we were very happy with the progress there. I think what was particularly reassuring was and it should be so for investors, at the beginning of the year, we said we would see slow growth in Q1 and Q2 and we said it would accelerate in Q3 and Q4 and that is indeed what happened. And we like the momentum that we have achieved going into this current year. As Susan mentioned, the underlying revenue growth was 23%. But look, we are not, for a second, complacent. We are pushing Ryan and the team very hard at Realtor because we believe that they have a tremendous opportunity for growth in what is still an emerging e-market.
Robert Thomson: Well, I think I was with Jeff at that conference and I agreed with what he said, at least about newspapers. There is no doubt that there is potential for growth, really across the spectrum. Clearly with a paper like The Australian or The Wall Street Journal or The Times, given the demographic, there is already a strong digital growth. But actually for our other papers, our other mastheads as well, there is potential. But it is dependent upon broader changes in the content ecosystem, which is why we have been so insistent that the large digital platforms need to take responsibility for content. It's not just about accounting. It's also about accountability. And so we will continue to push for a subscription mechanic that makes sense for them but certainly makes sense for newspaper mastheads. And that would frankly benefit us. It will benefit other players in the industry. But we have full confidence in what I would regard as the fact that our journalism is superior which, of itself, will allow our papers to charge a premium.
Robert Thomson: Yes. And I think it's fair to say that not only media companies are under pressure, ad agencies are under pressure. Because there's no doubt, many clients are unhappy with some of the digital company that they keep. And therefore, we firmly believe that premium products and premium audiences will be important, almost regardless of the medium. What we are certainly seeing across most of our properties is, Wall Street Journal aside as I mentioned earlier, an increase in digital ad growth and the potential, for example, in the U.K. with The Sun where you had an exponential increase in its digital audience and now we are improving engagement levels. It is obviously real. But that shouldn't take away from the potential of some of what is referred to as the traditional print products. For example, the WSJ magazine spring edition this autumn will have a record amount of advertising in it. So that of itself shows the importance of print as a platform. But it all depends on the quality of content, the reliability of the environment and the level of engagement.
Robert Thomson: And Craig, it's Robert here. On Move or Realtor.com, as we refer to it, there is absolutely no doubt it was EBITDA positive when you look at the appropriate comparables. It is on a very positive track. What we are particularly emphasizing at this stage, given the phase of the growth of the market, is revenue and audience growth and we are confident you will see both this year.
Robert Thomson: Raymond, Robert here. We are pleased with the launch of Foxtel Now. The programming lineup, in particular Game of Thrones, has obviously made a difference. The business itself is changing in its character and will continue to change in a way that we think is positive. There's no doubt that the lineup of rights that we have at Foxtel and Fox Sports in the realm of sports rights, whether it be Rugby League or Aussie Rules or A-League soccer, is impressive. And we understand that that is a market that is changing and that there will be quite possibly more competition for rights in the future. But that was why we took the strategic decision to buy those rights long ahead because the upheaval in the market was obvious at that time and we have full confidence in the future of both Foxtel and Fox Sports.
Susan Panuccio: Thanks Entcho. My view is, it's important to be balanced between reinvestment and shareholder returns but we are focused on reinvestment for the long term that will drive shareholder value. As I have already said in previous calls, we will continue to monitor all our options, so that's effectively what we will be looking at.
Susan Panuccio: And I think, Tim, just to add something from me as well. The Australian newspaper, given the great growth that it had seen from a subscriber perspective as well, it's actually seeing print advertising increase year-over-year, which is quite unusual in this particular environment. But I think notwithstanding that, it is still very poor visibility and it remains very difficult to predict exactly what those trends will be going forward.
Susan Panuccio: So on the NAM numbers, we don't call out the NAM numbers separately in relation to revenue. So we haven't given those before in the past. So we are not going to give those going forward. In relation to the $175 million in other, that really has the head office costs that fit within those numbers. So that makes up the bulk of that number.
Susan Panuccio: So just in relation to the costs targets, the only number we have actually given out is a The Wall Street Journal's number, which was $100 million annualized by the end of fiscal 2018. In relation to the Australian newspapers, we haven't given out the number. We did say that they delivered AUD40 million of cost savings in last financial year. We would expect it to be at least that in the coming year, albeit we did also mention that we will be reinvesting for growth. And across the U.K. newspapers, they also have fairly aggressive costs targets in there, though we haven't quantified those numbers publicly. In relation to the types of activities that they are looking at, they are focusing predominantly on, I guess, essential type costs or non-content related costs. I mean we continue to believe that we have to invest in our content in order to drive our products going forward. So we really are looking at any other sort of back office costs or centralized costs that we can have a look at going forward.
