Gary Ginsberg: Thank you very much, operator. Hello everyone and welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. On the call today are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who is speaking to you from Sydney, Australia, Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Dave DeVoe, our CFO. Dave will give a detailed presentation of the quarter results followed by Rupert who will give his own perspective and color on the quarter, as well as what he sees looking ahead. We'll then take your questions, first from the financial community and then from the press. But before we start, a little legalese, this call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-K for the three months ended September 30, 2009, lists risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such a filing. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
Gary Ginsberg: Operator, we will take one more question from the financial community and then we will go to the press.
Gary Ginsberg: Thank you everybody for joining the call. If you have any further questions please call us in New York, talk to Teri Everett or Jack Horner who would be happy to answer your queries. And have a good day.
Dave DeVoe: No. There is nothing for retransmission. And the advertising assumption is basically slightly better than it were at year-end.
Dave DeVoe: The income to us is still dollars recovered, nowhere as near as weak as it was. So, for example, in the current quarter, we have factored slightly less than $40 million negatively with respect to advertising – excuse me, with respect to foreign exchange rates, and we would expect that to reverse a bit over the remainder of the year since the currency is as weak in this quarter, particularly against the euro and the Aussie dollar. But today it is negative.
Dave DeVoe: Yes. I mean on the cable side sales were down a bit. We actually expect them probably be up mid high single digits for the year but for the first quarter probably down mid single digits. Probably the sports area is the one that we are going to be more dependent on automotive and categories that probably got hit a bit harder. So it is a mixed bag across those channels but I would say in aggregate yes the cable channels were down a bit. If I look at this quarter I would probably expect to be up a bit this quarter, but that said, it is sort of what the first quarter look like.
Rupert Murdoch: No I think the international market for the most part is a new growth area. As we see relatively undeveloped markets and they are all growing in pay television I think in double digits, 15 or 18% on average throughout the world. And where we – we are on nearly all those systems with cable channels, and they will grow with those systems and with that worldwide trend. So we're pleased about that. How many channels are we going to start this year? I don't know. I think it is in the area of another 30 but I need to check that figure.
Rupert Murdoch: I would support that. I would just say that if you look at it historically, most of our best profit makers, I think either started from scratch or bought for peanuts. If you look at the London Sun, which is a roaring success, and very, very profitable, right through to the Fox film. We in fact paid for the Fox Studio about $300 million and it is now making on its film production and its television production nearly $1 billion a year. So we are not going to go rushing into huge things unless we see really wonderful fits.
Rupert Murdoch: Yes. On the wallstreetjournal.com, it is going ahead well. We are getting the pricing up very strongly. I think it is and we would be announcing some extra developments with it, if we haven't been addressing already, I'm not sure with the WSJ professionals. And which would be a much higher price for special disciplines in finance. But it is – on the, let me go on from that, because of the e-reader you mentioned, and Kindle. Kindle, look Kindle is a fantastic invention for reading books. It is not much of an experience for newspapers. We were -- at least Amazon was charging 9.99 for a subscription and only paying us 2.99. We have lifted that to $15 which would get over six dollars, $6.50 I think, it is not a great deal. We doesn't really think it is great (inaudible). Amazon treats those people as their customers, not our customers. So do we have the Kindle to be -- I mean they will keep developing, they are a great company. But they're not the only one. There'll probably be half a dozen e-readers of some sort on the market this Christmas. They're all very early stage black-and-white efforts. And we will certainly make ourselves available on the mall provided we get a paid share of the revenue. There is a lot of other work going on much more advanced models which I won't go on to here because it is still in the laboratories.
Rupert Murdoch: I would just add that we have been greatly – mostly being greatly aided by our ratings. I mean the – we are winning like without any sensational ratings, we have winning four nights out of seven in the key demographics, and just coming of very solid performance there I think. So we are probably getting a bigger shared of what is out there. But and we have never been, I mean the last four years or five years we have been the number one network but we have never been number one so early in the season. Normally we run about third or fourth right up until the start of the American Idol, and we are already number one this year. So we have, I think we have got every reason to be pleased with our people and the job they're doing.
Rupert Murdoch: No. We're very happy at the progress of Foxtel and which we have the right to appoint the management but we only own a quarter of it. Fox Sports is very profitable but we only own a half of it, and that is the picture. There is endless talk going on with the new set up with Telstra, the privatized Telstra, the government talking about putting in a broadband network to every single home in the country for $40 billion or something. It is all in flux. That is all I can tell you. But certainly Foxtel will continue, the only question is whether we can improve our position within that.
Rupert Murdoch: There has been steady -- each month has got a little bit better until finally in November it is great. But just a word of warning, the comparisons are going to be getting easier and easier, because about this time last year was the bottom part of the business. So to beat last year's figures, in the next few months should be pretty easy, because everybody, business just stopped. That is when we really took the big hit.
Rupert Murdoch: I think internally for our internal purposes, we have got to start looking more at comparing how we are today compared to two years ago rather than one year ago when we are clearly in a financial crisis.
Rupert Murdoch: No, we are not interested in NBC as such. I would just say, look, when things come around, we kicked the tires, but we are not in any talks with anybody at the moment.
Rupert Murdoch: On the first thing, we did not start this abuse which we thought went way beyond personal and went way beyond -- not on me, but on others, and it was finally, we had to retaliate, and the moment they stop, we stopped. We don't believe in it and we don't think it is good business. As for tension with the White House, no, I think they have played it and it's probably been good for us in terms of ratings. But in fact we -- it was very interesting when they -- I don't know what prompted it (inaudible) a pool of press conference and all our competitors, ABC, CBS, immediately went to the White House and complained that this was not the way to treat anybody in the media because they might be next. But so we don't really have any continuing problem there at all. We cover them and they have said publicly that we are absolutely fair in our reporting of the White House. They just don't like one or two of our commentators which is I understand.
Rupert Murdoch: No. I think we will treat them on those levels as competitors, whereas as a cable company in a sense, they are partners. They distribute our properties and distribute them very well. We have good relations with them and for that matter we have good relations with NBC but we compete very vigorously in the marketplace.Claire Atkinson – Broadcasting and Cable: Thank you.
Rupert Murdoch: We are working all very, very hard at that but I wouldn't promise that we're going to meet that date.
Rupert Murdoch: It is work in progress and there is a huge amount of work going on, not just with our sites, but with other people.
Rupert Murdoch: I mean – I would just stress what Chase said. Just look at what ESPN gets and what its total audience is, it is a very important channel. But how many hours of viewing is there on ESPN for the average cable company, which they pay four dollars a month, and compare that with Fox. I'm not suggesting we are getting at $4, but it is just, we have to have some sense of relativity in values.
Rupert Murdoch: And as the stock goes, all you can say is, it's got a very good very promising slate of pictures coming up for the next 18 months. It is a very dangerous thing to predict ahead though.
Rupert Murdoch: I don't know. I don't know but I would think I would be getting to answer that, but it will be a real figure.
Rupert Murdoch: No. We intend to keep absolute control of the name and the content of the index. Whether we merge without other index companies or something is another matter. And as a matter, I can't comment on at the moment.Andrew Edgecliffe – The Financial Times: Thank you.
Chase Carey: I mean I guess I would add to it. I mean I think the core of our growth is in many ways going to be, we have got, we have taken the channels we have got and really driving them to their potential. I met one of the great things about the international marketplace is the US pay penetration that is early stages of where it will ultimately grow to, unlike the US where you have got relatively mature markets in terms of penetration. You have got great upside left in really most of the countries around the world and I think the heart of this growth is going to be really taking our big channels like National Geographic, Fox channels we have and not sort of adding volumes though we will do that. We will go into territories as we go but I think the heart of it really is making the channels we have stronger, bigger, and taking advantage of the inherent growth in those marketplaces, and we have got, we really have a leadership position in terms of cable programming almost all the places we are at. We do expect solid ad growth this year but I think in many ways the international market is going to be driven by the growth of pay television over many years. So I think this is the place where we see both short and really long-term growth pay television matures around the world.
Chase Carey: Again you're probably right. We are not going to get too far into any of the specifics, we think retransmission is important for us to have a dual revenue stream for these businesses. You're probably over a three year period. The majority of our direct relationships with distributors which made the O&O relationships with distributors will come up. There is also a dimension to this that is dealing with our affiliates whether it is retransmission that sort of deals with the value of network programming that we provide there that we have that conversation. So there are really two dynamics, two dimensions to this, but the majority of this will come up over a period that I would probably say would be in the two to three year timeframe.
Chase Carey: I guess in Sky Italia, touch that one first, and I think David touched it, look in the short term, I guess it's we are dealing with, we've been dealing with a few challenges, a tough economic and a bad tax in many ways essentially is the pricing freeze. I think our focus in the short-term was to stabilize the business with those in the face of those charges. As we go forward, we feel great about this business. You still have pay television in Italy. That was mid 20% in terms of penetration and so it is an enormous upside to where we can take the business. We are continuing to – I think we are now moving forward to take some initiatives to continue to as we stabilize it pick up forward, Dave again touched on the program packages, we changed. We have had this dynamic with the government and I guess over time we will get a place where we are competing in the commercial marketplace not in the government capital and be able to take this business to it potential was we think it has great potential. We feel very good about things they have done. We have got a platform that is bumping up that 5 million subs. And we think pay television has a great future in Italy.
Chase Carey: In terms of acquisitions, look I mean again I think our preference is really in general to build over volume and I think that's historically how we built value in this company, and whether it is Sky or Fox News or other franchises, that has been the heart of what we've done. I think to the degree there are acquisition opportunities, I think we'd be selective and judicious about it, we'd be disciplined. But I think make sure if there is something, it fits. I think there are areas we think have growth potential, cable channels, international in the marketplace where we have some unique strengths to bring to bear. But I think if we did, we would want to make sure we're being disciplined about what we acquire and by and large most of the upside comes from things we can add to it not, we are not acquiring something and doing a lot of work to pay for it. But I think it is hard. We have great growth in the franchises we have. As we look at the businesses we have got here, great growth potential in them, I expect that to be what drives our business. And I think that is our focus. And to the degree we can find business, we can build to complement them, we will certainly pursue those. But selectively if we see an asset that we think we could acquire at attractive price, it fits, , I think we would do in a disciplined way, engage and consider it .
Chase Carey: Well, first on the network and broadcasting and the transmission, I mean clearly it is not sort of a one note song and it is just the transmission addresses the business. I mean I think you have got a variety of things on, we have to attack cost of content, you've got changing windows, value identification, value reruns, there are a lot of things changing in this business, emerging, digital distribution of content, and I think all those things that you had to deal with, you figured how to be smart about it. I think I do think you have to continue to invest in content, I think this is a business where you can't survive in the middle, I think it is all about leadership. And I think some of these (inaudible) that is going to be more hit driven than ever, and if you have hits, they're more valuable than ever. We ought to be smart about how we create those hits, we have to create some great platforms to do it. But I think the transmission in many ways is sort of a building block to sort of go address a lot of those things, I mean really I just think it is very tough to compete with the cable, the cable channel business model of dual revenue streams without having one in broadcasting but from there, they are certainly in a rally of other things that go from cost to affiliate relations to content windows and how do you create give events and capture value out of the content you're putting into the broadcast platform. So I do think there are a lot of things you need to do to continue to build this business. This can be a great business. I mean broadcast networks are still the pinnacle of the content world. They still get by multiples the biggest audience, the biggest events, and whether it is sports or American Idol or 24, they are great launching platforms for the best in content in television. So but there is a lot of things we need to do there. So it is not just simply fight for retrans, fight for transmission. I think in the film business, clearly I think the DVD business is maturing in a decline. I think fortunately we have some sort of distribution medium that are replacing DVD. Blu-ray is growing, I think probably more importantly and ultimately in a much bigger way, VOD is emerging. It is not going to be in a year but I think if you go out a couple of years, I think you'll stabilize that, and I think have growth opportunities as you really use the electronic medium, great windows and pricing and things you can't do in a hard goods that benefit you. I think at the same time the film business is going to clearly benefit in the short term from a shakeout in production volume, it's just not going to have any – as many releases in the marketplace, and that will help us top to bottom, certainly on the revenue side in terms of capturing windows and theatrical and video share of market, but equally in terms of cost and being more disciplined as you go into the business that is not as much free money around. And there is still question, we need to continue to get smarter about what you're not just trying to produce but market films. I think our film management team by a long margin is the best in the business. I think they have done a great job, I think they continue to do a great job, I think you see that this quarter, I think we feel great about where we are and where they are taking it, so I think we can continue to really create a leadership position with really smart guys managing a complicated business that I think as DVDs mature, we will have other distribution mediums that replace it.
Chase Carey: On the broadcasting model, I don't see stations going away. You know look I mean I think in many ways there's an opportunity to the still to sort of continue to build this model which really a station that is hard brings the best in local programming to a network which puts in place the best in national event programming, and I think that is a great mix, and I think which is why we're investing more in news and is commanding our news coverage, which is the ultimate local programming on the station side. I think it is time to share on retransmission, I think we are doing that on a basis since, what is the value in the marketplace, the content coming through these mediums, I think the stations have an important role. I don't see us probably being expanding into that. I think we are comfortable where we are, which I think is probably really focused on the biggest markets and being a global player I think it is probably a better place to really capture the to be in the markets that really set the pace and set the template for the broader business. So I think we're – I wouldn't see us expanding into it but I think long-term I think we would like to have a healthy relationship between stations and network and develop a sense of fairness to what is the value of retransmission and how should it be appropriately shared with the content.
Chase Carey: David, the network business is actually pretty – for us it is a pretty good story. I mean I guess obviously ratings as Rupert touched on, have been great. The scatter market is really strong. I mean I know we said about, I said is about upfront pricing, they probably if is anything is a bit of honesty I would say probably scatter market stronger now than it was a month or two ago. I guess they qualified all sort of saying you still have a market that is shorter term than ever and the visibility is shorter than ever and so it is tough to get very far out in front of it because advertisers are given all the market is healthier buying later and looking out, try and look out into the first quarter of 2010, and the like, you don't have the visibility you would have had a year ago. But in the current market the scatter market is as strong as it has been but it requires a bit of a backbone because it is later than ever, so we need something like the NFL which do sell well. The ratings for the NFL are great. But it still the money comes in on a shorter time frame that it has historically in the past. But the national business is solid and there are some categories that are actually quite strong as we look at key areas like electronics, a few others.
Chase Carey: And I would say (inaudible) a little bit, you took the September quarter, we are probably at the network level down in low to mid single digits year on year. And if you look at this quarter, we will clearly be up on year ago.David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks very much.
Chase Carey: I can't (inaudible) in the MySpace question. I think what we have got we have got obviously spread a bit wide and thin and I think what we are focusing on is sort of the heart of our business going forward, really being a social network around key content sites. We are not trying to complete, we are not trying to compete with Facebook, we're not trying to beat Twitter, we're trying to create a unique expertise in terms of social networking, going out to content sites, and I guess particularly like music, video, and gaming. I think we are probably furthest along in music and I think we have taken some steps to give us pointers in the right direction. It is still clearly work in progress, I mean we are still losing traffic, so it is still – it is a business going though this transition as we try to focus on those. And so I say that's the heart of it is really creating a leadership position in terms of social networking around, focused around key content areas like music. I think in terms of the windowing question, I think probably it is more what has to be done than has it happened, I mean by and large probably most of the prices today are probably not where they have been, I think they're probably interesting always get a little hung up on sort of hanging on to its old practices, but clearly the values are reruns and the historical windows, the waiting five year for syndication like I think will change. I think people will have to start to move and try and develop those things. I'm not sure that's the next step to disposing of the business. I always want to be looking at what you're doing where you are, but right now if I looked at the mix of businesses, certainly in the content channels, platforms, geographic mix, I think it gives us some unique strengths that we can build and develop.
Chase Carey: I mean I think rating wise, it is okay. I think in terms of ad sales, it is actually even this quarter I think we I think we expect in the quarter ended December will be up a touch on ad sales. I think the automotive category has got a bit better in supplies held up. The first quarter was a top one for ad sales but we do expect it to be to be up a touch on the year and up a touch in the second quarter, so it certainly is better. I guess I would point out on the RSNs, of all of our businesses, it is the one that is largely driven by the affiliate, the affiliate fee side. So we have businesses, so you look at the mix of affiliate fees and ad sales, it is a business that is probably at the sort of high-end of the percentage of certainly for us, by a significant margin, high end driven by the size of affiliate fees, really driving the bottom line of that business, but (inaudible) you certainly had a tough first quarter is a bit better in the second quarter.
Chase Carey: I think if you look at November I mean there are a number of categories pretty positive, certainly, movies, I think fast food, financials, certain autos improved certainly, certainly sequentially, improved significantly. So they are pretty wide ranged, some are stronger than others, I mean there's a couple of big (inaudible) hi, I don't know what I did, some other voice coming in here, don't know for sure who it was -- but the, so it is a pretty -- it's a actually a pretty wide range, certainly the ratings are helping and we've got some of that, you get this World Series helping into markets like New York where New York [ph] fairly certainly helps those stations out there. It is a pretty good, a pretty good mix of categories that they are driving.
Chase Carey: Yes. And the other caution is certainly again back on the visibility point, I mean if you look at a couple of months, you still have a ways to go, and I guess if you looked at November a month ago, we still would have had a ways to go. So there is, money is still coming in very late in this process, which does make it more difficult to be probably able to focused out in time.
Chase Carey: We are not going to comment on any sort of specific properties that we haven't today publicly commented on. So I think we will probably just leave that kind of as it is at the point.
Chase Carey: Again, I'm not going to get into projections. I think we did, we have great programming at Fox, we think it has great value. I think you can at what some of the channels, ESPN at the extreme, regional sports have, even the USA and TNT sched makes you are an touch with above [ph]. What you think Fox is worth, it probably actually is worth more significantly more than we will look forward, but I am not going to get into sort of what I think is probably discussions private discussion between parties and starting to quantify it. I think we will have discussions in private before we do in public.
Chase Carey: Excuse me, I mean release, I mean, I am not sure I heard all of it, but I think in terms of releases, I mean I think it is, I think it has declined into this season, but I think you will see further – I think you will see declines as you go forward. You obviously have the lag times, and sort of when some of the production money starts to dry up and third parties and the like will probably does affect releases still looking forward (inaudible) money out there before, it is not there now.
Chase Carey: We have agreements on the Travel Channel, so we're not going to comment on the Travel Channel. On disclosures, we are not going to comment on disclosures on it. We have disclosure obligations and we're going to abide by them.
Chase Carey: I'm not sure I got all that but I think I got a part of it. Again I think in terms of what – where we're going with MySpace, I think I would – beyond what I said, what I sort of described, I think Dave described sort of the content arenas we're looking to develop expertise and following in, and social networking round, I think what that because it is – you know we are in a state of transition, and really it is a work in progress. So I think probably to sit here and say we've got clear vision of what it looks like, and in 12 months is probably just not (inaudible). And I think when we have gone through significant changes in terms of lay offs, restructuring and new management, everything's been in place for a quarter plus, I think you have done a good job getting in the right direction, but it is still very much a work in progress. We are probably further along in probably the music category is the one, I think we are the furthest along in but it is -- but I think it is – it is work in progress and I would not (inaudible) and say we've got a vision what it is going to look like in 12 month, I think. We know some of the things, some of the things we think are opportunities, and we are trying to pursuing them, but we will see as it goes along. I guess I got to know, there is, I don't know whether there is a pay wall question, but really the pay wall question is not, is not related to MySpace, they are not, they are really not, they are really two separate initiatives. They are largely additional, we sort of, but on the one hand we have an additional fundamental percent of as we create content, the content we cerate, whether it is new content, entertainment content, sports content, how do you distribute that content in a digital world? And the pay wall initiative is all part of that and how we are distributing our content. I think that is one, sort of major strategic trust for us, I think there has been the others is how do we compete in the digital world that is not a direct extension of our content. Those two connect in places but I think the MySpace initiative is really much more competing, first and foremost in this digital universe. It is not a direct extension of our content and against MySpace over time clearly would have opportunities to work with our franchise, but right now the pay wall initiative is a very different one, they are really not connected and it's independent of our MySpace initiatives.
Chase Carey: It was something, Rupert, around 10% or something like that of the total spend, 100 million-ish type thing.
