David F. DeVoe: Yes, I mean, I think it's pretty much what we said in the past, which I think as we said, we've sort of been achieving low-double digit affiliate fee growth. And I think that, as we look out, that's the growth we expect. There'll always be a little lumpiness just because when large deals come up and in particular channels, they can give a quarter-to-quarter lumpiness. But as we look out over the next few years, I think we expect to continue the same sort of growth rate we've been generating.
David F. DeVoe: Yes, they're, I mean, essentially, they're just been building the ultimate cable system. We -- I mean, just as we saw the satellite, we don't sell geographic exclusivity, so somebody comes in and wants to overbuild this next Generation cable system, if we could reach the right terms, then yes, we'll do business. We want to make sure it's the people that respect issues that are important to us, around piracy and everything else. So but there are players that, again, we said, we think it's important about the business, and we can reach appropriate business terms. We -- just as we licensed our product satellite when they came on the same -- this is really, I think, it's a next generation cable operator building out a cable system. I think the whole visual MVPD thing is much murkier and much less clear when it comes to who's doing what. But I mean, there's a lot of stuff going on in digital, but I think that that's much more digital because I don't think it's really evolved far enough to really have a clear picture of who's trying to do what. There are a lot of people talking but I think that Google Fiber is much clearer. Again, I think they just -- whether the economics of that works for them long-term, I guess we'll see. But they just built a, as I said, next generation cable system and broadband network. And for them determining, can you generate enough incremental revenues to pay for that incremental cost they've invested in the ground.
David F. DeVoe: I think it serves as -- it's not that specific. I think it's -- yes, I think, look, we know this digital reign is going to be important to our future, I think. You don't want to be spending ahead of the curve because a lot of business models have yet to evolve, but we think it's important for us to be active in this place and try and get insights to it. Hulu, obviously, gives us one important task to try and develop digital businesses. We've played a little bit with the YouTube channels and the disc models clear, but it gives us, again, an ability for a very modest investment to try and develop a different dimension to the digital experience, growth of business again, a little different window in the digital experience. Roco also has some values to our satellite platforms overseas that are probably -- would be different to what we'd be pursuing strategically here that could be enhanced to them as they try and figure out, which is clearly part of their strategy and you see is today, as we roll out products, whether it's SKY Go or SKY on demand and the like, and better understanding of how do you develop that sort of everywhere, TV Everywhere, concept as the satellite player. So I think it's more like that, just say insights into the digital world in a way that we think is a smart, manageable investment.
David F. DeVoe: Yes, the affiliate fee, is about 14% organic. And the advertising would be about 13% if you pull out the items you mentioned.
David F. DeVoe: I think we said before, that we feel pretty good about double-digit growth, both in the international businesses.
David F. DeVoe: It's Dave here. I think on SKY Italia, look, I think it's very clear to everyone, particularly SKY Italia and us, that the macroeconomic environment in Italy is providing some real challenges. But with the focus from a strategic point of view, is to really handle the cost base, as best we can, really attack the cost base to rightsize the business in an economic environment that is very different than it was a number of years ago. And that's really across-the-board in terms of operating costs and rights costs and things like that. Subscriber management, clearly, a very, very big focus. And churn has ticked up a bit, but I think that this year we'll see that businesses stabilize and be able to grow from a different base. And we have very high hopes to that business going forward. On the competitive landscape side, I would just say that I think we all think that SKY Italia has probably never been better positioned competitively. It's performing very well in a challenging environment there. And I think when you hold it up to the competitors and where Mediaset is, where Talk of Italia is, where the cable industry which doesn't really exist there is, we feel very good about positioning. And right now, it's just a question of really rightsizing the cost base to deal with the subscriber growth environment that really isn't going to be there for a little while, and to move from there.
David F. DeVoe: Internationally, it's roughly 25% of the earnings we just reported. So it's 25% of revenues in earnings international. That's pretty broad, okay, so...
David F. DeVoe: It's not included in our guidance. And depending on when it closes, it would help our OI. Obviously, part of that, at the moment, we pick up as equities on the sports business. So you're not too far off, actually, with this 1%.
David F. DeVoe: Yes, [indiscernible], really, it's a combination of both. It's a combination of crosscuts, but it's also a combination of increases in revenue. We certainly expect our business in the U.K. to do significantly better in fiscal '13 than in did in fiscal '12.
Chase Carey: I mean, that's a much tougher one to make a general statement about because you really have such a mix of businesses that -- or different places. I mean, they're -- I think we do think it's important to make target investments to strengthen channels. I think there are channels where we think we still have room to improve margins, and probably others that are overstaying margins, and there are probably channels that we think we should be -- we can grow both the top and the bottom line that have yet achieved their potential. So if you look across business FOX News, which obviously has a much more controlled cost base, sports business has rights that come up. There are businesses like transactions, like -- or agreements like ones with the UFC, where we're investing to build the channel-like fuel. So I think we feel comfortable with those margins but, again, it's going to be a mixed set of stories as you look across the mix of channels when you have as many channels as we do, across the expanse of sports entertainment, news and nonfiction. There are different strategies for each.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, I guess, first one at the cost side in the Publishing. I mean, we certainly are focused on the costs, and I think particularly in some of the businesses that will be a major focus for the coming year. Major places -- some we're a little further along the curve, as I think I referred, in a place like the U.K. In Australia, we brought in new management just in the first half of this year, so that's probably one that is really going to be moving into a very significant restructuring during this year. So I think it's a part of all of those businesses, but they're a little bit at different places. Obviously, the U.K. also has initiatives. They're not just cost-based like the Sunday Sun, that bring a dimension back, but certainly costs are a major focus across those businesses. On Sky Deutschland, we're thrilled with the business. Yes, there was nothing really to announce. As we said before, we're comfortable where we're at today. I agree the business continues to make great strides forward. I think the management team there has done a fabulous, fabulous job. We continue to see it in the growth of subscribers and the improvement of the financials. And I think if you -- and you start where you can really feel it's the channel that really, it is creating a real excitement about it. And surfing the channels are creating a real excitement about it, a launch of sports news there added exciting dimension to it. I think the breadth of rights we took, we just acquired on the boom display will give us the opportunities to widen again, some of the technological enhancements that are added to it are really getting traction. So it's a business doing really well. Again, our focus today, it's on continuing to improve that business and driving everything it can be. And that we'll decide as we go, what's the right path for us in an ownership context.
Chase Carey: Sure. And I think -- this is for a -- for this sports actually, yes, it's not a global strategy. I mean, I think it has to start sort of within each business, making investments that makes sense. There may be, as we go forward, opportunities to connect it and look at it more broadly, nothing to do with the ESPN is the day without the building businesses that we think makes sense and we think where we can drive real value. We like sports. I mean, as sports, yes, there's a cost attached to it. But I think in a world that is increasingly fragmented and digital, it's been proven time and time again, that if there's one area of content that just continues to sort of differentiate itself, it's sports. And I think sports has particularly unique values where you've got a large broad business, so you look at in India, where we're we've got multiple channels and the like, and the ability -- or even in the U.S. where having those big flagship sports franchises, you create value within the sports, but in many ways, it becomes a part of the larger growth strategy for those businesses. I think it really starts, and you have to -- I mean, those bets are beg enough, we make a bet, whether it's from Germany, Italy, India or the U.S. or Latin America. We made all those bets. We made them based on what we think the returns, to make sure we believe we can generate the returns we need within those markets, that there are opportunities to then take the breadth of those investments. And as I mentioned, I think that's something we can -- we'd always love to do, but the fundamentals are really make sure we can add value there, clearly. When you're adding sports in a place where you've got the breadth where we did with Sky Deutschland or SKY Italia or the breadth of the businesses, STAR, or the right of channels we've got in the U.S., sports plays uniquely an important role in driving the business as a whole. In terms of fiscal, in terms of advertising for the first quarter. Yes, I think it's actually been -- it feels reasonably good. I mean, maybe a couple of weeks have been shot, I mean, sort of, obviously, pretty dormant for most of us not in the Olympics. But I said, excluding sort of the immediate term, it's -- the market's pretty good. I mean, there's anxieties, I think still the anxieties, whether it's Europe or the election here, and what are the consequences to those as they continue to -- certainly, keep our eyes in short, and people have been on edge. But when you look at the scatter market network, is still some low, double-digit scatter market. Cable is always a big factor. Cable market's probably stronger than that. And so, I mean, it actually is -- the market has -- reasonably good market. It's not great. It's not off the charts. But in a reasonably solid market in a period when, clearly, there are a lot of anxieties about the economy.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, I think in the station business, we've assumed for essentially a pretty flat marketplace except -- well, you said the underlying marketplace. I think our marketplace is like low-single digits, like 1 or -- the market, it's like 1% or 2% [indiscernible] So I think we assumed a flat, a close to flat marketplace. We do think we can face -- we've been successful in taking share, and that is our goal for the year. But I think we can assume a pretty flat in advertising market in -- overall.
Chase Carey: Yes. The network is -- we came, we've got to come through the upfront. So you -- and you sort of into the network, it just sends a bit, a little bit more based on the upfront. So I mean, we -- I think we achieved what we set out in the upfront, that's about 80% of our inventory and equipment down a touch on volume, up on pricing. And then I think sort of achieved what we set out to achieve. And the scatter market has been pretty good so far.
Chase Carey: Well, I guess, it's something to dig. It's probably, to start with, a business, as I said that we forecast flat, which is the Film business. And we always got stuff that's always tough to forecast. We've gotten off to a really good start with Ice Age, with the Ice Age film. But there is that business. And you -- even on the TV side, we think the digital world, it gives a lot of energy. We're not going to go out and get too far out there. I mean, you're getting more international activity than you've had. So you've got a lot of -- you've got the energy domestically, you've got more activity internationally. We've got to first make sure we continue to be disciplined about how we approach it. And I think we've always said, we're not going to just grab a quick buck. But you can see if there are opportunities there. And I would not say we projected sort of any big buyer coming in, in a new way. So we've approached it sort of much more based on in terms of the world as we know it, and in a world that I think is, if I'm going to say, "Where do I think that digital world goes?" You look out next year, certainly feels like it could happen. More buyers across the world that are looking to try to access unique content. And I think we feel great about our content and brands. And I think that will give us opportunities to intelligently explore it while sort of protecting and building our core businesses to channels, but intelligently, taking advantage of digital. So I'd probably say that those would be the execution on content, on content film that we don't put in there, and the digital world providing opportunities that we haven't tried to project.
Chase Carey: I'm not going to comment about some -- a lot about specific agreements. I don't think that's been our practice. And we won't -- we achieved our -- I mean, we feel good about the agreement. I mean, and let's not try and put a stick it anybody's eyes. And I think, we -- that our goal in these is to get fair value. We're not trying to pick fights. We think FOX News has been undervalued, is undervalued for the importance of it in the marketplace. As we've talked about the fact, by the end of the calendar year, will have renewed a sort of second renewal, I think at least 1/2 the FOX News universe, we've expected, and we've expected to receive significant increases, reflects the value of that FOX Business Network, and use to make strides that will actually affect the business network, will be profitable this year. So it is -- and I think it's a stronger channel as it goes forward. We always look to sort of try and look at all our franchises, find the right balance. I will say, we achieved what we set out to do, and probably exceeded targets we had, which is pretty much, I'd say, in really affiliation agreements we've had certainly over the last couple of years. And I think we have -- we've tried to be pretty disciplined, pretty clear. Yes, in some places, we have asked for significant increases, but -- and I think where we do, we think it reflects the value, whether it's retransmission of FOX News or other franchises. And we have continued to achieve or exceed our targets. But I'm not going to get into comments on -- in specifics. We have good a good relationship with Time Warner Cable, and that would be our goal, is to continue to have that constructive relationship with them.
Chase Carey: I don't know [indiscernible] we haven't been less vocal about [indiscernible]. We think it's the right path. I mean, we think it's the right solution and it's -- there's no question. Yes, I think it's what the consumer wants, is that flexibility to get that content where they want and when they want. Obviously those become part of larger negotiations in many cases, but we think it's the right path for us and our distributors. We think it enables us to continue to grow this business in many ways. So every time somebody asks me about the costs, the cost of the content to a consumer, I say, I think one of the most important ways to address that is to continue to give consumers new things that excite them, that make it more valuable and make them appreciate it more. And I use my experience at DirecTV where I said I think realistically, I don't think in most cases costs -- I mean, obviously, they always care, but they really care about a quality experience, whether they're getting what they hoped, and things that excite them. If you really deliver on their expectations, I think the business has real -- I think we have an ability to continue to add dimensions to it. So we think it's the right path. We have to negotiate the appropriate agreements around it. And in some ways, I think we expressed our frustration that it hasn't moved faster. And in some ways, probably recognize the importance of doing some things, like standardizing and simplifying the experience. And if there's a question it's too complicated of an experience for consumers, it's too cumbersome an experience for consumers -- and I think we all can look at the simplicity of an iPad and realize how important it is to create an experience that 3- and 4-year-olds can figure out.
Chase Carey: Well, we're certainly -- look, we're getting paid. I mean, we've got digital content. It is getting -- we're getting, I mean, we're getting value for advertising today. We started a year ago when we went into the upfront of being able to package part of our digital advertising with our traditional Television advertising. So we are measuring it today. Now some of that is sort of just digital sites, but it's going to be part of the whole digital experience. I don't think it's really -- I don't view that as sort of purely an authentication issue. I think I view that as digital, and some of that digital viewership will come through authenticated viewing, some of that will come through the experiences of the Hulu Pluses, the Hulus and other players then. But we are certainly well into trying to develop -- we don't have targeting. Clearly targeting and advertising broadly is an opportunity that's yet untapped, and I think one of the real opportunities for the business, I know the cable guys are investing in it. And I think that's important for all of us to figure out how do we take that pipe of targeted advertising to another level. But we certainly, we've been in it and developing it for the last year. And it's an important area of focus of growth for us.
Chase Carey: No, well, on the latter question, I think it's Mark who asked earlier about where the upside, I think we touched on it there. I mean, we think there will be more activity, but we haven't really -- our guidance does not factor any big new player or something big happening. I think we've looked at it more as largely a continuation of the international side, again, that's had some activity growing into it. But I think we've guided it much more towards what we see today as opposed to trying to handicap what the new players do to it. I think that is an upside. I take it's much more of an upside than downplay. That is mostly upside opportunity for us, but we haven't factored in the numbers. And I think in terms of...
Chase Carey: And international said a different way, I mean, I think we said in the past, we expect the business in 2015 to be -- and this is excluding STAR, to be a $1 billion business. We're at -- and realistically we're ahead of that curve today. And then STAR would be on top of that. And STAR is certainly a significant additional component to the channel business internationally.
