Robert Thomson: Okay. It's fair to say, REALTOR has truly been renovated. I remember there was skeptics at the time of the acquisition the naysayers who wondered whether we could transform a company that frankly had seen better days. Well the best days are now clearly ahead. We've used our editorial expertise and reached the power of our media platforms and a relentless focus on the need of customers to improve user experience and that's showing up in the returns. For us the challenge as you indicated to get the blend rides between continuing expansion and contemporary returns. I mean obviously due to the savvy leadership of David Doctorow and Tracey Fellows, we have had a massive increase in margin. And we have elasticity there. But we believe that we're at the early stage of the exponential expansion of that business. And to be honest, it will also be a beneficiary of our advocacy to change the digital landscape whether it be through digital ad yields or algorithm transparency. And so it will be eminently efficacious for REALTOR for REA for our businesses in Asia and for our operations in India. Now as for structure the most important way of maximizing our real estate properties value is to ensure that they are the fastest-growing most lucrative most innovative sites in the world truly digital in orientation. And shall I say not weighed down by bricks-and-mortar and unsold inventory or the need to renovate a kitchen or add a bidet in the bathroom. The benefits of that creative committed approach to potential vendors to potential buyers and to real realtors is patently obvious in the results last quarter. Now we have Tracey Fellows overseeing our global real estate operations and we have just consolidated our India operations through REA. So there is a shape a structure emerging. And more than that there is a sense of purpose and of profitability. We are by many measures the world's largest real estate company and that business has more than withstood the stress tests of recent months. In fact, the recent months showed the extraordinary potential of that business. 
Robert Thomson: Entcho look, we're always open-minded. We're constantly institutionally introspective. But the priority at the moment is to do what we're doing, which is to maximize growth in the past quarter, to maximize profitability, to take advantage of opportunities. And I'm just very proud of what Tracey and David and Owen in Australia are doing at the moment in very difficult circumstances. And as I said in particular with realtor.com, and I'm sure you recall the time of the acquisition where people wondered what we were going to do with that business and whether it had indeed seen better days. And it's very clear from those results last quarter that our best days are ahead. 
Robert Thomson: Craig, we're constantly reviewing cash and capital allocation whether that be returns directly to shareholders or share buybacks for which we have a provision as you know. Well the potential for company-enhancing investments either internally or externally that are transformative for our results and most importantly for shareholders. As Susan just mentioned, we've certainly raised consciousness around the company with the imperative of conserving and preserving cash at a difficult time at a time of pandemic and uncertainty. And the success of that program has given us genuine optionality. But I'd certainly suggest the big investments we've made and you'll be aware that REALTOR and Harlequin books approved their worth at a time when every company is being stress tested by the crisis. And we're proud of how those investments have faired, but particularly proud of how our teams around the world have transformed those divisions. And I think it's fair to say that investors and potential investors can see the momentum and the value in those investments. 
Robert Thomson: It would be. I mean Craig we said what the increase in profitability was and the increase in profitability was $28 million. So I think as Susan said that contributed the bulk of the EBITDA improvement at Digital Real Estate. And it was profitable. 
Robert Thomson: And to supplement what Susan said in the context of the COVID-related restrictions on pubs and clubs the impact on advertising we're very pleased with the rapid growth of the streaming business at Foxtel under Siobhan and Patrick. And we will continue to provide the best possible experience for our subscribers wherever they happen to be. As Susan earlier noted our OTT subs are up 67% year-on-year. And by any standard that's a significant expansion of the customer base. While the Foxtel broadcast ARPU actually rose at the same period in U.S. dollars obviously affected by currency part from $53 to $56. As we've already made clear we foresee no need to bolster Foxtel with extra investment which shows that the business is on a particularly positive trajectory. 
Robert Thomson: On divestiture, look, we're obviously constantly reviewing the portfolio. But really one wouldn't speculate on speculation of any kind. What I would say is that we -- and you can see from the results, we're very proud of our teams around the world all our employees in the way that they've come together and put together a quarter of results which in the circumstances an indication not only of the strength of the company, but of the potential of the company.
Susan Panuccio: And just in relation to the reinvestment question that you asked, look we don't obviously give guidance -- specific guidance in relation to the cost. But broadly speaking, we could probably think about the cost reductions that happened this quarter in buckets of headcount-related savings and marketing-related savings and probably half of those savings a little bit more related to marketing. So we would expect to see that scale up as we go throughout the year, obviously depending on audience and revenue growth. And we also will have some reinvestment in product innovation as we look to scale out the platforms. So without sort of giving guidance that's sort ofbroadly speaking how we're thinking about it. 
Susan Panuccio: And Entcho just in relation to the cost question on Dow Jones. Look obviously, it's tricky to say exactly how we expect the year to pan out. But what I would say is that the team have been very focused on cost. Some of those you're right will be COVID-related cost reductions and we wouldn't necessarily expect to see those replication throughout the year. But some of them actually are real cost reductions. There's been a lot of work on headcount and looking at the right balance between permanent reductions and reinvestment. But we would expect to see ongoing investment in that business, particularly, in relation to subscriber growth risk and compliance and new products as well. So very similar to the commentary around -- I gave on REALTOR. But we are really pleased with the ongoing focus given COVID on costs and we do expect to see some of those cost savings certainly continuing as we go throughout the year. 
Susan Panuccio: Brian actually it wasn't cost-cutting programs within HarperCollins given their revenue growth. So, they have actually been scaling their costs in accordance with their revenue growth. But they do have clearly a different mix. So, there's a different mix between the front list and the back list quarter-on-quarter. And also it depends on the types of front list mastheads titles that we sell. So, it's a combination of those not necessarily cost-driven more revenue-driven this quarter.
Susan Panuccio: No worries, Kane. So, just in relation to the cost it was a net underlying saving of AUD50 million. So, I think that's important. And that does include the deferral of the sports rights in there. So, that gives you a sense as to the scale of the reduction that we're seeing within Foxtel. We are expecting for underlying costs to be significant for the full year. The team is still very, very focused on that. But as we mentioned last time there will be a net impact of the deferral of sports costs AUD78 million for the year both programming and then production costs included within that number. But the underlying savings will be significantly higher than that. In relation to the commercial revenue impact of about $14 million this year quarter-on-quarter, you'll see from the subs numbers that we quoted that we have picked up a considerable amount since Q4. We're hoping actually with the opening up of Victoria that we'll actually start to pick that number up again as we move forward. So, they will continue to work on that as we look to build that base back up.
Susan Panuccio: And Craig just in relation to the Foxtel costs so just on phasing we had deferral of sports rights which we quoted at $51 million in this quarter. We've said we'll have another $26 million in Q2. So that sort of picks up the bulk of that deferral. But then of course, when you think forward to Q4, you won't have costs in Q4 in the last year in relation to sports rights which you will have next year. So, you almost have a double-up of those costs as we go through this year. In relation to the other cost savings the team actually did a really good job in Q4 of looking at that cost base and getting heads out of the business which sort of continued into the first month of this quarter. So, the actual underlying cost savings that they delivered in Q4 in relation to the heads and a lot of the overhead costs we expect that are in play now and they'll continue throughout the year.
