Robert Thomson: It’s Robert here. I’ll take the simplification question first. Simplification is a continuing process, and it must be. As you can see, we’ve appointed a global Head of Digital Real Estate, Tracey Fellows, formerly the Head of REA, and that’s given us a much more focused international approach and intensified the dialogue and sharing between REALTOR and REA. And as you can see, we are constantly reviewing our portfolio. We sold Amplify, the digital education business. We sold our local papers in the U.S. well ahead of the present downturn. We sorted out and simplified the ownership of Foxtel. We sold News America Marketing. We sold Unruly. We’ve closed the print editions of most regional community papers in Australia, and these will actually not be the last changes that we make.
Robert Thomson: But just to complement Susan’s comment. We are indeed pleased with: one, how quickly the subscription growth has picked up at Kayo after the COVID interruption. And secondly, the early numbers for Binge, the entertainment streaming service are particularly encouraging.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, what you saw in particular was the onset of the COVID crisis in May. So May was a tough month, June was better and July better again. And so we are, in particular, seeing strong digital advertising. Clearly, as in many countries around the world, print is affected. But generally speaking, the trend has been positive since May.
Robert Thomson: Alexia, I think it’s fair to say that Dow Jones is a unique media property. It’s clearly got both a consumer business and a professional business, and the two complement each other. And that helps us certainly with subscriptions, but also in terms of contracts with potential advertisers. So – and in terms of a subscription funnel, we certainly have continuing faith in the growth potential for subscriptions at The Wall Street Journal. And as Susan mentioned, the trend in July has again been positive. And also the Barron’s Group where subs rose 49% in Q4 compared to a year earlier. And what we have in Dow Jones is a continuing funnel of potential clients coming in through MarketWatch, which, as you know, the free financial news site. At MarketWatch in Q4, traffic rose 143%. So a MarketWatch user can easily graduate to be a Wall Street Journal subscriber, who can become a Barron’s subscriber, who can become a subscriber to our high-end financial information intelligence in the professional information division. And it’s really a unique opportunity in that we have a digital daisy chain, and each product in the chain is higher yielding.
Robert Thomson: Yes. It’s a really good question. For us, it’s been a beneficial experience. And if you look at the Wall Street Journal, it’s really two papers in one, both a general news service and business-specific news service. In that sense, there are a lot of potential readers and potential subscribers out there who don’t understand the quality of the general news coverage, the politics, the economics, the arts, the lifestyle, the weekend section, the magazine. I’m sure you’re a regular reader. You understand what I’m talking about. And so that Apple News partnership allows us to focus on that tier of content and bring in a significantly new audience that we would hope to graduate to a paid WSJ subscription over time. And it is a genuinely different audience. It’s actually, of late, more women than men. For the Wall Street Journal itself, it’s more men than women. It’s a younger demographic. And it is obviously a source of potential subscribers for us.
Robert Thomson: Well, one way of framing it would be to think of it as the contemporary equivalent of carriage fees or retrans for all broadcasters. Because there’s no doubt that these deals will add up. What’s public is the deal we have with Facebook, the deal we have with Apple. And of course, this is paying for content. And much of that money drops to the bottom line. And it’s also fair to say that negotiations are going on with other companies and other regions. I can’t go into detail at the moment because we’re in the midst of them. But when you combine these deals, they are having a significant impact on our revenue and on our profitability. And it’s frankly true for all media companies. So if any executives of other media companies would like to send News Corp a commission check, we’d be happy to receive it. That, too, may be a source of revenue.
Robert Thomson: And also, Brian, don’t forget, you’ve got the NAM numbers taken out. So it’s not a like-for-like comparison. What I would say is that, essentially, the breaking out of Dow Jones is doing two things. It is providing more scrutiny generally for each of those segments, Dow Jones and News media. And scrutiny has to be a good thing. Because we are very confident that our news media executives will continue the transition to digital, which they are certainly on the pathway to doing. And sorts of deals that we’ve been discussing today are of themselves helpful. And then Dow Jones, Dow Jones is a uniquely undervalued property in what I would argue is a uniquely undervalued News Corp.
Robert Thomson: I’ll talk about the Australian regulations or the draft mandatory code of conduct, which is particularly important. It’s important in two ways. One, for what it defines in terms of remedies and in particular, for what it defines in terms as an industry. But it’s also part of a global discussion, whether it be the consideration in Brussels, the hearings here last week in Congress with the big four digital heads giving testimony, and in London. And so what you’re seeing, and this is crucial, is the increase in content consciousness among regulators around the world. These are no longer mystifying issues. The issues have been clearly defined. And you saw that in Congress last week. And you see that in the ACCC Report, the original digital report, and now the draft mandatory code of conduct, which I think is quite a moment of itself, a real Internet inflection point. And this – essentially, we are talking about carriage fees or retrans payments for premium journalism. And there are obviously more deals to come. Now some of those deals will be outside Australia. But I suspect, in some ways, influenced by Australian regulatory thinking. But I can assure you that not only regulators but media companies around the world and the digital platforms are watching Australia closely. Now we’ve obviously been fighting this fight for well over a decade. And the News Corp Board has supported the quest because it was absolutely crucial to the future of journalism. Newspapers delivered in whatever format are vital to a well-informed society. And what’s obvious is the collective understanding of issues is past the point of no return, the point of no action, shall we say. But there are obviously regulatory changes to come in Australia. And the commercial landscape is not yet fully formed, but it will be a landscape far more hospitable to journalism and to News Media and to News Corp. Now as for your a question about the licensing of content. Clearly, we’re always looking for opportunities to monetize our content. But in a digital context, we have a unique comparative advantage with global properties, which often write about similar subjects. So not only in licensing in a traditional subscription sense, but think a little bit about the segmentation of digital products, products around sport, products around lifestyle, around food, around puzzles even. So it’s a real opportunity for us to divide up our content in a different way, monetize that content and provide compelling digital opportunities for potential subscribers at different price points for different content sets.
Robert Thomson: Thank you, Andrew. Thank you, Nicole, and thank you all for participating. We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day. Take care.
Susan Panuccio: And Kane, just in relation to the cost program. So the $100 million net number, yes, it does include – it’s net of the sports cost increase, so that’s approximately $55 million. And so we have factored the savings into that number. And when we think about the OTT cost, in relation to Binge and Kayo, again, that number is net of any investment that we would expect to see within those products. I’m largely, clearly it would be marketing because we scale given we’ve got the content.
Susan Panuccio: So just in relation to the first question. So the impact in relation to COVID is net of all the potential costs and revenue impacts that we could see across the business. So yes, it does include the impact from Foxtel. In relation to going forward, clearly, we’ll have a double up of costs for a period of two months in the next financial year in relation to Foxtel for those sport rates, as I’ve outlined. But the overarching and underlying cost base will decrease, notwithstanding that. And we expect to see within sports rights as well as right across the organization. So it’s in relation to the first question. And maybe if you could just repeat the second question. It’s quite lengthy.
Susan Panuccio: And just in relation to the actual advertising question on what was driving the digital growth. So we actually did see much stronger-than-expected performance in programmatic, largely as a consequence of increased volume, and we had higher display CPMs. And just in relation to, I guess, our competitors, we’re less exposed to luxury entertainment. So we have more dependency on tech, finance, B2C, B2B, and that’s been driving the performance.
Susan Panuccio: So in relation to Q4, it was about $20 million, impact in Q4, given we closed them down sort of midway through the quarter. We don’t disclose, obviously, the full number of revenue for that, but $20 million should give you a guide.
Susan Panuccio: Craig, I think we’re going to have an Investor Day in September, which Robert mentioned. And so we’ll certainly be able to do that at the Investor Day for you.
Susan Panuccio: If Telstra are providing the sales channel, yes, we do include those numbers within the Binge numbers, yes. So yes, I can confirm that.
Susan Panuccio: No, it was because of the COVID impact for the quarter. Clearly, a very disruptive quarter for that segment.
Susan Panuccio: I think maybe just to add just some further context. So if you look even at the year-on-year decline, which we’re talking about, the sort of the $95 million movement, probably 75% of that comes from NAM and the closure of the regional communities or the suspension of the mastheads down there. So actually a really big bulk of that number. Does come from that. And then clearly, you’ve got the impact of advertising and print circulation on that, which we will expect to pick up as we move through the coming year.
Susan Panuccio: I’ll just jump in on the cost side. So if I have a look at the expenses for the quarter on an adjusted basis, they were down $273 million or 14%. So the bulk of that reduction between reported and adjusted was due to NAM and FX. The COVID impact we’re predicting in about $270 million odd, $280 odd million in order to get you to that EBITDA impact. We were expecting costs to increase slightly for the quarter because we did have increased revenue at Dow Jones and HarperCollins and some of our businesses. And what I would say in relation to the COVID impact cost is, clearly, there’s a lot that are related to volume, so particularly on our mastheads around the globe. And we would expect to see those scale obviously, as those businesses scale back up. But we have also reduced headcount by 7% across the business, excluding NAM and Unruly, and that’s savings that we would certainly expect to continue into the next year. We’ve made significant cuts on marketing. We clearly will have a look at what we think is an appropriate level for marketing going forward, and it may never be back to the level that we had pre COVID. Likewise, with most companies, we’ve got a lot of cost cuts coming through on TNE and other discretionary spend, which, again, when we think forward, we will review exactly what we think we need as a business in order to continue spending within that area. We’ve clearly got compensation cost reductions as well as a result of lower bonuses. And outside of the OpEx impact, we’ve got the cuts that came through in CapEx. I think I mentioned that we’ve cut that by third year-on-year. So clearly, as we move forward into next year, it’s difficult to predict exactly that cost base is going to look like because it will all depend on the revenue trends. But we are confident that there’s a significant amount of reoccurring costs that will go into next year from a cost reduction perspective. And we do actually believe that we can continue to take costs out, as we’ve mentioned.
