Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter fiscal 2013 earnings conference call. On the call today are Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; James Murdoch, Deputy Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. First, we will give some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter, then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-Q for the 3 months ended March 31, 2013, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, the definition of and the reconciliation of such measures can be found on our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as segment operating income, adjusted segment operating income and adjusted EPS are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
Reed Nolte: And now, operator, we'd like to have Chase, James and Dave take questions from the investment community.
Reed Nolte: Well, thanks, Tim, and thank you everybody for joining today's call. Please feel free to call me or Joe Dorrego in New York if you have any further questions.
Chase Carey: I think in terms of Netflix, we've been -- certainly, it's been an important addition to our business, but I think we've been very thoughtful and very careful about sort of making sure we establish sort of appropriate parameters, I guess, following rules around how we window the products, to make sure every business is able to continue to grow profitability, successfully, whether it's content creation business or the network business. And I think at some point, the proof continues to be there in the pudding. Certainly, FX kind of has been -- has really just gotten stronger and stronger since going on through the year. I think we continue to monitor -- in all of these digital -- Netflix, all these digital outlets. But I think the availability of product in -- on the Netflix is really in a time frame that is very different than that on FX, and we think gives FX plenty of room to continue to grow and differentiate itself and continue to excite customers with that product. In some ways, you get the library experience through Netflix, so -- and I don't think it's that -- it's sort of the next-generation of windowing that has existed in this business throughout. I think we'll continue to monitor. We'll continue to evaluate. We'll continue to make sure each of our businesses can grow and grow in a healthy way as these digital platforms emerge. But I think we feel pretty comfortable with sort of how we've approached it today. We have a lot of flexibility in our agreements. And these digital platforms give us a great deal of flexibility to control what product we put in and flexibility in determining what the appropriate windows or times that we want to do so. So again, I think we feel pretty comfortable with that. I think in terms of the second question, the sort of accumulation, I guess, of sort of FS 1, I mean, we clearly have a number of initiatives going on right now. We do think, and we've said, we can manage these in the context of maintaining short-term, solid profit growth. I'd say between FXX, FS 1, the international networks, we're launching up next year probably looking sort of a couple hundred million and change to grow those out. We do think in sort of that 3-, 5-year timeframe, those differences become profitable, actually become profitable at a rate that on an annual basis, we will see what we put into those investments and obviously, for that valuation, that would be an asset valuation that would be significantly higher. So we think that's the right way for us to approach it. As I said at the opening comments, we think it's appropriate for us to balance both the healthy short-term and long-term story. Our priority ultimately at the end of the day is building long-term cash flow and value. And we want to build businesses, not buy businesses. That's what we're doing in this case. And we have some unique opportunities and we think these are all going to be exciting business and again, we can manage that investment and maintain the type of solid short-term growth that we'd like to do so, that we'd like to do.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean I think in the short term, I mean, we've actually I think I would say our short-term focus is really executing I think, well, it could be opportunistic, but I think our short-term focus in terms of your question are the rather underdeveloped franchises we can build on. I think, realistically, our short-term focus will be to take the ones we've got and really, the next year or 2 get them to where they should be. Yes, again, I -- if we see something, I think we always want to be opportunistic, but we -- the timing was such that we had a number of opportunities to take advantage of some of that timing of rights, some of that's a timing of when our agreements come up with the distributors so -- and some of that was opportunistic in the international market. So I think with the combination of, I think, international and what we've done, I think the focus will really be in the very short term, getting those businesses to where we want them today. And we feel great about that path we're on. I think in general, we'll continue to look at the franchise we have, again, I do you're in a period where it's important that you -- you do have somewhat of a shifting from sort of quantity to quality. So I think we want to make -- we really want to build every network to a place where it can carry its own weight and really, be an important network. Some are narrower than others; that doesn't mean every network appeal to the same breadth of audience. But we think it's very important to have networks that really can each -- they may have [ph] a growth period, so clearly, any network has to get up to speed, any new network. But, I mean, some will get there faster than others, but every network is one we believe really can, as I said, I guess, if it carries its own weight in the marketplace there. And again, we're really focused on building quality networks that really can be leaders in each of the category. The value is going to be in having leading networks, hit products, what have you. I think in a fragmented, increasingly competitive world, you want to -- I think you want to focus on -- so whether, again, [ph] networks or content product that can be the best in the game. And that's what we're striving to do. I'm not going to say a lot about -- I think in the balance sheet, we are -- for the 21st Century Fox balance sheet, those are really things -- I think we're going to look to that April -- I mean, that August Investor Day. We still, again, have not put the Board in place for the company. And I think we'd look to provide, really, the appropriate visibility to -- plans for the business, operating plans for business and our priorities, but equally, on issues around the balance sheet; return of capital to shareholders and the like. We certainly plan to continue -- to finish the buyback. We thought that, as I said, it was better done, sort of, with re-energizing that post- the split. But I think clarity in terms of looking forward what are the philosophies and plans around return of capital to shareholders, whether it's dividends or buybacks, as well as plans for the business. I think we really want to do that more holistically and with the appropriate bodies in place like the Board. So I think we'll look to the August Investor Day to do that.
Chase Carey: Again, I'd say on the international networks, really it's probably sliced, to some degree, domestically -- I mean, internationally. I think our focus would be much more in execution than adding. I mean, I think we feel we've got now, sort of, the foundation of networks that we want. We've got sports networks in Latin America, Asia, Australia that will have obviously go with the new News Corp. Broad slots of Europe, those are more through the SKY platforms, but we are now in sports businesses through owned or affiliated companies; Germany, U.K., Italy, Netherlands. So we've got -- and obviously, then in sports businesses in the United States. So I would end up saying, geographically, we've got a portfolio that we feel very good about. And the focus would be on building -- as well as with rights. I mean, there'll be renewals that come up in the [indiscernible] report [ph] I mean, the international, in Europe, the international soccer rights, usually a 3- or 4-year deals. So they'll come around on their normal sort of rotation. And I think there are rights in Latin America, like Champions League. So I think the rights that exist come up on various rotations, some of a bit longer as cricket rights in India are a bit -- are longer than that. I think we're only in the first year of that 7-year deal there. So a maturing story, but I think we feel good about the portfolio that we have. I think we'd always, as we always look to certainty as something to make sense to add to it. But I wouldn't say today we feel we have hopes. I mean, I think we feel since we look around those various platforms, we feel we've got the rights in place. I think it's very true in the U.S. with FS 1. Essentially, we've got the rights in place to really fulfill the plans that we've got in place for FS 1 in the United States. So I think we will like -- we will be in the game for rights. And I think it's important if you're in the business to be opportunistic, but we feel pretty good about the portfolio of rights we have. Certainly, the rights we have will enable us to fulfill the plans that -- again, to fill the plans, we've got in place. We don't need to add rights to be -- to have our businesses to develop and execute on the plans we put in place for those businesses. I think I didn't ask -- to your question, let me answer Jessica's question on sort of the importance of sports. And again, I -- sports is certainly uniquely important and I think they're uniquely powerful. But realistically, really, all these -- the 4 content categories we compete in, are all important. I mean, they have to -- we've talked before -- I mean, in Fox News has been a success story, second to none and continues to get stronger. We're excited about that the business network just became profitable and I think is going to be really become a much stronger [ph] competitor in the last 12 months, so that's sort of news category, a huge category for us, an important one, and we think one that we certainly continue to grow. FX has been a great success story. Talk about its success in ratings in January with FXX and FXM, which is really the third leg on that. We've got some -- we're certainly increasing the breadth of entertainment product we're developing forward, some additional concepts in terms of mini series and the like. We've had some great successes around the world, in things like our Fox International Channels with series like Walking Dead, which has been a real driving force for them, as well as a number of other series, like The American Life that they've added to their portfolio. So sports is probably -- certainly as important as any, but we've got big businesses -- I mean, FIC, which we've talked just -- we have talked before Fox International Channels is on track to be a billion-dollar-plus business by '15, and that's essentially an entertainment channel business, so if you look at FIC, that's what it is today. It's just not -- it's not sports, it's not getting -- the fix that you're driving there is essentially -- I don't know, a big group of entertainment channels competing in the international marketplace. So I think it is -- the focus on sports should not sort of lose sight or cloud the importance of these businesses, be it entertainment and news business and other channel businesses for us.
Chase Carey: Sure, Dave. One of the -- on the new networks, I'm going to -- again what I -- given what I said, and I guess I'll sort of repeat is domestic and internationally, I think as we look at the next fiscal year, I mean, and we'll give more visibility to this at the Investor Day. But [indiscernible] a little bits and pieces, but I think...
Chase Carey: Yes, I don't we have anything -- and I think, we're breaking those things down in pieces. Again, I think we'll probably provide that type of visibility more holistically at the Investor Day. And again, we're making investments, we think that's been our plan all along to make short-term investments that we can absorb while maintaining a solid growth rate in the overall business. As I said, I think as we look at the next fiscal '14, it's probably a couple hundred million in change that will go into those. But I think providing more clarity in, I think, is probably the -- to do it -- is to do it appropriately. I think we'll reserve and do it more fully at -- in early August. In...
Chase Carey: So Hulu. Look, Hulu, for us, in many ways I think it's the true only-digital platforms. They're a work in progress. Hulu has got great momentum. I think we're particularly excited about the subscription size of Hulu and the growth, I mean, I know they talked about it in the last week or whatever they had in their upfront. We think those dual revenue business models are ones that really the heart of creating success. So, one, I think there's an important role for Hulu classic in that marketplace. But I think the definition of what the product is that goes into that, what windows and the like is something we're continuing to stay actively discuss with our partners in it. I think this digital space will continue to grow but continue to ebb and flow, and I think we clearly have a leading franchise with Hulu. And my guess is Hulu will -- I mean, if you go out a few years, Hulu is probably going to look a bit different than it does today just because think -- even with something like -- Netflix recently talks about sort of evolving their business to slightly different to somewhat different business model. I think that's something we need to decide with our partners, to sort of where the directions we want to shift it, but I think it will continue to evolve as we go forward. But at its core, I think the most exciting part of it is really to develop that dual revenue side of it, take advantage of what Hulu's real leadership position, I think, in providing viewers the opportunity to access sort of more current products in a way that -- to add to dimension to their viewing experience today with selective original and other unique product that we can add to it. But I think it's essentially an opportunity for us to build the business that -- to take advantage of its leadership position in digital space and build a business that, we think, adds new dimension to the businesses we have today.
Chase Carey: Look, I think there's no question; it's not been great year for the Broadcast business overall, just from a content creative perspective. But yes, I don't think -- I think you've got to take a step back and STAR, you've got to recognize these -- certainly, FOX -- I really think it's still the 4 broadcast networks are still the dominant form of events Television today by multiples. I mean, yes, there are select shows and the world's going to keep fragmenting. And there are shows that show up here and there, but if you really take a step back and say where do most of these sort of -- who are the still the viewership leaders by a wide margin in aggregate? Where does most of the events Television sort of reside that really drives business today? It is in broadcast Television. I think we have to -- I think we probably have to continue to figure out in the -- in the script today, sort of in the entertainment side, how do we compete effectively and have -- where people have more and more choices. I think they're [ph] being discussed, as you've thought about it before, if world has started creating 100 titles for us, 4 networks, and throwing all these series on -- is that the right way and do you need to sort of be a bit more targeted in the types of series do you believe it and invest deeper, than certainly the cable industry does, is take fewer vest [ph] , invest deeper and bigger in those vests [ph] to create series. The network, I think, are starting to have been a bit more about volume gain, probably a little bit more still stuck in sort of historical practices of [ph] everything goes into September everything wraps [up in May. And do you need to break some of those rules? And I think the answer is clearly yes, but these are great platforms, these are platforms that still they cannot drive the marketplace to create -- when you talk about sort of -- what is the product that whether it's sports, events, entertainment, that half hours, hours, what is the product that drives this marketplace? It's still the product business as far as performance to -- kind of close the network Television, network Television. That being said there's no question there are going to be more virtualized systems, choices and people are going to continue to find those choices. But I think in some ways, for the networks to compete, what they need to do is probably to discard a few rules that the business has continued -- sort of the old habit and rules and probably, take some shots that I think, hopefully, next week will be the start of that for us as we launch, and we're excited about schedule putting out there next week. And we think we're going to -- we think it's important for us to start to try to -- beginning to -- I mean, not that we haven't done this in places, but I think to get -- compete in different ways and try to do some different things that can really excite the marketplace and we think there are real opportunities to do it. This broadcast network continues to be a platform second to none in terms of its strength of distribution, brands and relationship with consumers.
Chase Carey: Yes. I think on the distribution side of each channel, I mean, I'm going to get too deep into our sort of relationships with the distributors. We're quite comfortable from where we are and the plans we got in place and the strength of the networks we're putting forth and our ability to achieve the plans we've set out there and -- but essentially, as to specific terms in relation to any distribution agreement, I think those are things that exist between us and our distribution partners. On the...
Chase Carey: On home video, yes, I think home video has got some nice momentum and it will be up -- I mean, markets up -- yes, I think market's up this quarter. I think that was something like 5% and we're up a bit more than that. Really, in -- the real driving force of it is digital, which is recently getting some traction in these business platforms, both rental and sell-through. And we've tried a number of initiatives. We have this premium pre-DVD releases that's been a real success for us, continues to grow. I think the overall marketplace continues to grow really well. And I think you see the digital becoming an increasing -- a growing percentage of what we do. The DVD side of it is stabilized to sort of Blu-ray, offsetting the decline in the older format. And I think some of the areas that we didn't like, low-price, really low-priced discount rentals sort of becoming less of a force, and I think the attractiveness of digital is really catching on. More people, being aware of it, I think we have a big -- better job marketing it. And I think we're excited that you can add to your, obviously, a period of a couple of years where you were sort of digesting a real sort of reselling of the home entertainment business as it -- as the DVD matured, that I think you've got some growth that we -- I don't think it's going to explode in the next few years, but I think we got some -- yes, some nice healthy growth through that business that is really led by an increased usage, awareness, marketing, better product availabilities in both rental and sell-through on the digital setting.
Chase Carey: I think it's getting -- I mean, getting further down the road and again, I think the point we tried -- the point we're making is the Broadcast business to be a healthy business and to be one that's able to deliver the type of quality entertainment and events it has, needs to be a dual revenue business and if it became an ad-supported only business, it really would not be able to compete effectively, as it's now able to do. And I think it's -- in the past, when it was -- when it wasn't a dual revenue business, one of the reasons why you saw product sort of moving continuously from broadcast to cable. And that, in many ways is our point -- we're -- I'm not going to get into the legal issues that we're currently engaged in because, again, we should deal with them in the appropriate forum. But that's the point. We'd like -- we believe we're in the legal rights. We're going to pursue our rights, I don't think getting into hypotheticals and is really, at this point, constructive. We like the broadcast model as long our rights are respected and which essentially means those third-parties, who want to redistribute our product, pay us a fair value. So as part of that, individual consumers that want to access it directly can do so. And with that model, we think we can continue to build product broadcast as sort of centerpiece of our overall networks business. And that's the path we'd like to pursue. We like the Broadcast business so long it's one that we can get fairly compensated for the products we invest in and the network that we built, that's the path we'd want to pursue. But there are, again, the point we've made [ph] , there are other paths. If eventually revenue stream is not available down the road, there are other paths we can pursue that we think lead us still to a very profitable business. But our choice would be to continue to build the business and potentially, as you know, today from consumers.
Chase Carey: Yes, I mean on the upfront, I mean, right now we actually have a very healthy scatter market. And scatter market is probably up mid-double digits, not better [ph] probably that. So I'm not going to get -- some of my colleagues like to make predictions. I'm not going to get into prediction business. But I guess, if you look at the ones you look at, you've got a very healthy scatter market there and you have a pretty decent scatter market throughout. And I think, again, that always certainly comes into light of how much did -- appears and what happened. Therefore, that's the upfront market versus waiting for the scatter market -- buying into the scatter market. But today, you'd certainly say it is -- the market has gotten a bit stronger and in recent weeks so it's got some nice momentum to it. I think in terms of the cable network, I think Dave touched on it, I mean it really is sort of bit of a mixed bag on the advertising side. Actually, FX and Nat Geo were very strong, getting strong and even strong double digits, it's just -- the news business has got, which is the reality of the news business, the headwinds of the political comps. You had, again, the big presidential year, election year last year and you're not going to have that spending again. And clearly, the news network is -- it didn't make the money that, more than any -- more than our other businesses, some of the [indiscernible] , some in the local station markets in certain places. But to that end and the event in the RSNs. So the RSNs has a number of quite large, I think it's close to 100 games or something less. And there are a couple of rights that aren't there anymore. We had the Lakers year, going out with [ph] the Lakers this year, so there's also some -- and [indiscernible] it will be handful of reasons, but the RSNs and news have tougher comps again for politicals, gains and a couple of rights that we don't have in the flip side of things, National Geographic and FX have really been quite strong.
Chase Carey: I mean, I against it all. With all respect, I would disagree with the characterization of M&A. We could always have events that change, whether it's certain events, some do better with -- and they tend to hurt when you get to certain events -- some type events that certain networks become the short-term beneficiary, but I think that should ebb and flow and timing of the business, I -- look, I mean, I think Fox News is -- I think, continues to just -- I'll use the phrase I used before, be a juggernaut. I can't think of anything, just finished, [indiscernible] #2 network overall and the Television, and I think -- I can't remember which one of that, TNT or USA or somebody was behind, but was #2 overall. It's, I guess, you want to take a short enough time period, we can always talk to you -- we're always planning [indiscernible] a week, probably where it's nothing compared well, but I think in any sort of form of measurements that sort of take those short-term variability, the lesser short-term variability out of it, I think Fox Sports, Fox News just continues to be in a class by itself.
Chase Carey: Sure. I mean, sure as they say, we're pretty much on the plans that we laid out. So I think we've been clear with this. This is something that's going to take time. So the -- and you're right, right now, we are certainly engaging. We're starting to deploy some of the products, the business we bought in Wireless Generation certainly continues to grow its core business. But that being said, we are a largely in investment phase and build phase. But I'd say we're very much on the plan we laid out, so it's not -- and from a timing perspective we're up -- sort of timeframe perspective, where we expect it. We are clearly a disruptor in this, there's no 2 ways about it. That is the core, the heart of the strategy of what we're pursuing is a view that the education, the K-12 education business in this country as well as elsewhere for that matter, is really probably one of the, if not the last business that is sort of left out of the digital revolution. And you've got industry after industry that has been turned its head [ph] and thinking we haven't had very various factors to take advantage of these digital technologies to develop much better products, much better experiences, much more efficient experiences and the like, and we think K-12 education is incredibly ripe for that type of disruption to take advantage of technology to deliver a much richer and much more efficient experience to the marketplace and students. And with additional pressures coming on the cost of budget issues you've got in this country, national, state, local levels, to finalize to deliver as you can, to deliver a quality education experience, and I think everybody says that is a priority set on [ph] for this country that deliver a quality education experience, but to do so in a way that is manageable within in today's economic realities. And I think the answer to that is using technology and, specifically, digital technology, to deliver that experience and you can deliver, again, a much richer way. I think all of us can sit there and imagine how on the tablet, you could have that type of real-time interaction with teachers, peers, programs developed and tailored to students' availability. It doesn't take a lot of -- it doesn't take a big leap of faith to imagine why a really vibrant digital technology -- and not just taking old printed stuff and sticking it on a digital device, but really developing curriculums that are built for -- to take advantage of these digital technologies is really where the education world has to go. So that's a long-winded answer saying, yes, it is completely on that one, disruption with, again, when the time is right, with the pressure in education and the need to find certain solutions sort of that make sense for today's world to meet the needs of that quality education.
