Robert J. Thomson: Thanks for the question. There are 2 different types of subscriptions that we're referring to. One is a book subscription offering, where we have partnerships with companies such as Scribd and Oyster. The subscription offering that I was specifically referring to was the development of our plus programs, whether it's Times+ or Sun+ and similar plus programs in Australia built around newspaper offerings. They would have both digital access and us providing access to audiences to discounts and so on. And you could certainly imagine for many of our papers that the Harlequin catalog would be a very suitable offering, both to, as we're intending to do, bringing the back catalog front and center but also provide a platform for further Harlequin sales.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, to be honest, we're not breaking out all of our digital numbers, and it's not necessarily a like-for-like comparison. What we are seeing is a good digital growth at The Times of London, where net-net, paying customers are on the rise. That's a combination of print and digital. We're at the early stage of the Sun+ digital offering. And the next phase, the next iteration of that, really, will come with the upcoming football season in the U.K. And at the New York Post, we've seen a doubling of digital usage, but that's, at the moment, to a free site, since the site itself was redesigned about 6, 7 months ago. And we continue to see a robust digital growth at The Wall Street Journal. That's a quick sum-up for you, but you have to be careful because, clearly, there are some free offerings in the numbers, as well as paid-for numbers. But what we're seeing generally is confidence around the globe at our properties in the future of digital.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, it's -- obviously, it's inappropriate to forecast. However, what we can say is that, clearly, there's a strong digital component to the Divergent offering, where e-book growth was up 46%. Revenues -- our e-book penetration itself rose from 21% to 26%, and clearly, with digital, the contribution margin of digital is around 75% versus 40% for hardcover and 60% for paper. But more broadly, without being specific about any sort of forecast, clearly, Brian Murray and the team at HarperCollins have some follow-up books related to the Divergent series early in the next financial year, and there will be a series of Divergent-related movies, which I understand the next one is slated for spring of next year.
Robert J. Thomson: I'm not sure it's fair to say that the e-book segment has been challenged for Harlequin. In a sense, it's selling about 40% of its books digitally in the U.S., so it has a quite sophisticated platform. What we see in Harlequin is an opportunity not only to develop the Harlequin offerings, which as I outlined earlier do have some complementarity with our popular papers but, more importantly, to develop our HarperCollins offerings. Because HarperCollins, 99% of the books are published in English. With Harlequin, you get 34 languages. And for us, it was always going to be a question of build versus buy to build out our global infrastructure. But -- and clearly, Harlequin was a great opportunity. You're getting institutional intelligence and understanding of those markets and, frankly, something else, which is a little more abstract, the social capital. These types of books have an editorial empathy that you need to connect with different cultures. So all of those characteristics of Harlequin were attractive to us and so was the price.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, look, I think forecasting, obviously, is inappropriate. What I can say is that newspapers are oversold. Newspapers are a very powerful platform, and I think there's a certain fatalism at other media companies in Australia that may have infected the perception of papers. But we're very proud of our papers. And I think what will become more clearly understood over time is the relative power of print in a digital world, where you literally cannot multitask if you are reading a newspaper. And to a certain extent, what you're seeing in Australia is a lagging of a trend that was profound in the U.S. and U.K. in recent years. Each newspaper market is different. You have a cauldron of competition in London, which obviously expedited some of the competitive challenges not only among other papers but platforms. And so in Australia, you are now seeing that trend writ [ph] large. But I do think that there'll be a reconsideration of the value of print in the next year or so because it's a platform that we know can deliver results to advertisers. And we'll be doing our best with the Australian team over the coming months to prove that point.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, broadly speaking, we've adjusted the product, we've adjusted the pitch and we've adjusted the pricing to suit our customers' needs. What Will Lewis and the team have done in the last few months is go out and, frankly, talk to customers and find out what they want for us. I think broadly defined, there are 2 sectors, there's the B2B sector, the high-end finance, high-end corporate, what you would call a B2P segment, which is Business to Professional, which is separate to the B2C of The Wall Street Journal. And so the team are working up strategies in both. Some of the -- about 4 weeks ago, some fundamental changes were made to Tractiva [ph] to make it more user-friendly. You are able to bookmark more articles, the search was improved. But you have to see these improvements as iterative -- we will go on improving the product. What we've found is that our customer base has welcomed the changes, and it's now up to our sales staff and our product team to continue to pitch and to continue to sell.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, I think the 2 key things to bear in mind is affinity and intensity. And affinity and intensity in relationships with both readers and advertisers, which is -- while not only as a source of circulation revenue but as source of advertising revenue newspapers, remain a powerful platform. Clearly, we will be looking at pricing both print and digital. And print and digital bundled at The Wall Street Journal, it's a great product. It's improving all the time. The other area that we'll be looking at, obviously, is global, where only 20% of our audience at the moment is outside the U.S. Clearly, given the character of the content, there is a great opportunity for us to take advantage of that.
Robert J. Thomson: I think it's fair to say that the 2 guiding trends of strategy, generally, are globalization and digitization. You've seen that with the first acquisition, Storyful, which has been very well-received both from an editorial perspective, but not just for our newspapers, from our digital sites, particularly, but also from a commercial perspective because Storyful will be able to create content communities around products and companies, and I think you'll see some of that in coming months. So we said during the Investor Day, globalization and digitization, and that's very much what the team is doing.
Robert J. Thomson: Well, clearly, Divergent is not just a book title, but it varies in the case of Harlequin because it's strong in emerging markets, where, quite frankly, the digital development is less forward. There will be -- whether it's Brazil or India. And I would recommend, actually, that you look at the Harlequin website to get a sense of the range of its international exposure, which is a great asset. But download speeds have slowed, and people are less likely to download. So partly, it's defined by the economics and economics of itself defines digital development, but it also varies by genre of book.
Bedi Ajay Singh: And, Jessica, on your question on Amplify, I mean, as I said, the sales force is out there right now in all the major markets. I think we would expect to see some sort of contracts emerging before the summer, during the summer, as the new school year will be starting in September. That would be the expectation.
Bedi Ajay Singh: And, Fraser, just on your question relating to Foxtel, obviously, as you guys know, Foxtel is not consolidated, but we do give separate financial data for that at the end of the year. For the last balance sheet, they had approximately $3 billion of debt, of which $2.2 billion is third-party debt and about $800 million was shareholder loans, which were equally split between Telstra and ourselves.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Alan, yes, I think they're running kind of where we expected they would be running, and I think for the year, it will be somewhere around the $180 million sort of that sort of level of investment.
Bedi Ajay Singh: The revenues were up kind of in the low single digits, and the operating income, I think we reported was higher. We took some price increases at Foxtel in February. So I think that sort of is the financial picture there.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Actually, those haven't changed that much. And I think the margins that we were looking at are still around 75% for e-books versus 40% for hardcover and 60% for paper. So it's been pretty consistent with what we reported.
