Robert Thomson: Well, look, I'll take the second part of the question first, Kane. The Facebook deal is a big deal. It establishes a clear precedent of paying a premium for premium journalism. And there are a couple of other initiatives that are notable. When you click on a headline in the Facebook News tab, you'll be taken to our site. So the story is not hosted by Facebook. And that means that we're able to sell advertising directly, and we'll have a more lucrative flow of permission data. And these were all essential preconditions for our ascent and our agreement, and will have a long-term benefit on our accounts.  The fact is that there'll be less providence if there's not a premium for Providence. And it's frankly clear that the revenue show flow had shifted dramatically from the creators to the distributors. So for us, there are -- commercially, there are 2 things that are meaningful and absolutely essential. Firstly, development of a subscription sensibility. There has to be more of a propensity to pay. Thankfully, Facebook understood that priority. Secondly, the digital advertising market is dysfunctional. The so-called open market is a virtual monopoly. We've been very public about our concerns on that segment, which is in dire need of reform, and is thankfully now under close scrutiny by 50 U.S. attorneys general.
Robert Thomson: Eric, simplification is indeed an ongoing process, and it doesn't stop at News America Marketing and Unruly. But we're very cognizant that the company trades at a discounted to some of the parts. We're seeking to rectify that situation and maximize value for all our shareholders. So it's fair to say that the institutional introspection will continue apace.
Robert Thomson: And if I could just supplement Susan's comments. And it will obviously be based on the Kayo distribution platform. So much of the engineering there has already been done. And I think when you speak of streaming, this salient point to note about Foxtel is the rapid growth of Kayo from nothing a year ago to 402,000 paying customers now and another 443,000 in total. And this is not a service that cost $6.99 a month. It's $25 a month. And given the view of feedback and satisfaction, there's obviously some longer-term elasticity in that price. And when you see the sluggishness in the Australian economy in advertising and real estate, which has obviously had an impact on our earnings, the results are even more impressive.
Robert Thomson: On your first question, we really can't go into detail about what simplification means in the longer term. What it does mean at the moment is News America Marketing and Unruly, which are under strategic review. But as I said, that strategic review does not stop with those 2 properties, and we are very conscious of the need to highlight the value of the company and provide more transparency for investors. As for Move, both short, medium and long term, we believe that realtor.com is a tremendous property. You could see that the growth in audience is far superior to that at Zillow at the moment. If you take the independent comScore figures from September, the unique users at realtor.com were up 17%, while Zillow grew at only 2%. And Trulia actually shrank by 2%. And the divergence was even more marked on desktop with 10% of growth at realtor and Zillow, down by 12% year-on-year. We're at a very early stage of the evolution of the digital real estate market in the United States. And we think as it evolves, those margins will surely increase.
Robert Thomson: Craig, obviously, the tech topography is evolving very quickly. If you think back even 12 months ago, the prospects of Facebook paying for content, a carriage fee, as we called it, in fact, Rupert was the first to cite that as a need, the prospects seem remote. It's now real. And what we're finding generally in our discussion with the digital platforms is that, that they have indeed adopted a new approach. They realize that for various reasons that their past policies were unsustainable. But as I made clear to you, it's not just about paying a premium for premium journalism. It is also about sorting out what is an opaque advertising market, and there's no doubt that the regulatory pressure in that area is only going to increase. And a consequence of that, well, I suspect, be that as we're already seeing, more advertisers understand how dysfunctional that market is and seek association with high-quality content, and we will undoubtedly be a beneficiary of that given the excellent journalism that we have, not only in this country, but around the world.
Susan Panuccio: And Kane, just in relation to the costs, we saw about a 4% increase in cost for the quarter for Dow Jones. So you should use that number as your proxy.
Susan Panuccio: I'll take maybe the first two, and Robert can take the last one Entcho, if that's okay. So just in relation to cricket, we would expect to see very, very modest increases over the course of the year. So the bulk of those costs have come through in Q1. But I think it's important to note when we think about the cost base, the largest increase that's come through is because of the noncash amortization in relation to those entertainment expenses. So over the full year, absent those costs, we would expect the whole cost base to be relatively stable. But it is important to note that the team down in Australia are continuing to focus on rightsizing their cost base and are continuing to look for opportunities as they move forward.  In relation to Aeries [ph], we are looking to launch that towards the back half of this particular fiscal year. We're not expecting to see significant incremental costs to your point. We do have a lot of the content covered within existing deals. We will, of course, have marketing costs as we scale up that product, but the actual incremental cost that we'd expect to see within the year is going to be minimal.
Susan Panuccio: And Fraser, I think I'll just add to that, that part of the reason and the rationale for acquiring Opcity was to accelerate that revenue growth going forward and provide an opportunity for margin expansion via ancillary revenues and different services. And so we would expect to see for the balance of this year and over the full year that revenue and EBITDA will continue to grow within that business.
Susan Panuccio: Craig, just in relation to your housekeeping question. So circulation at Dow Jones was up 6%. In the U.K., it was flat. But in reported numbers, down 5%. And in Australia, it was down 2% in local currency; reported, down 8%.
