Robert Thomson: John, Robert here. I think the journal itself has quite distinctive audience as you can imagine both by virtue of income and demography generally. And it's difficult to imagine Facebook, Snapchat or anyone else replicating what is a unique audience. And I think that's what the team at Dow Jones are emphasizing. A unique audience is growing because of its unique quality content and the push for WSJ2020 is not only to improve the flow of news, but to make much more efficient, the actual delivery of the content in ways that suit the contemporary user. Generally speaking at Dow Jones, as you said, digital revenues are growing both in terms of advertising, circulation revenues up around 6%. And in terms of print this quarter, as I mentioned earlier, it's hard to give you a definite outlook for this quarter, but certainly thus far the decline is moderating.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, I'll handle the first part of that question. As you say Q2 churn is around 15.6% compared to 10.3% in the prior year during Q2, but clearly there a lot of offers that in the market. No contract sales offices, which aren't necessarily more fluid. Also last year at this time, we had the Rugby World Cup, whereas as you know Australia performed unexpectedly well, which was obviously auspicious façade. There is no Rugby World Cup, this year, but we are entering a crucial sales period for the key core winter sports Rugby League in Aussie rules. And so over the next two quarters, we obviously expect to see stronger results, but look there are office out there with the phasing out of Presto and the focusing on Foxtel play and it’s certainly up to our team in Australia to prove to customers what we all know to be in fact that the offering in sports and other programming by Foxtel is far superior to that of the competition.
Robert Thomson: Craig, Robert here. This has been taken, as you know that - as we made clear to investors, we are in the midst of transition. You can see what's happening to the used type of business that's no secret to anyone and to the someone as observing as you that's certainly no secret at all. As you also realize, we've made a series of investments and divestments including Amplify. So it is a company in transition. We are seeing that [Craig] you asked about change, the character of the company itself is changed based on the traditional principles that were fuel to success for the old News Corp for many decades. But it's also a company which is using that expertise for example in news and judgment analysis to enhance its profile in digital real estate, which is now the fastest growing sector of the company itself. And as you can tell from both our numbers in our voices, we're optimistic about the expeditious evolution of that particular sector. At heart, as we are, as we have always been focused on the long-term value per share and we're quite confident that over a period that will become evident to all.
Robert Thomson: Just on News America marketing, Brian, all I can tell you is that we’re very pleased with the performance with the in-store sales. As we've indicated, the freestanding inserts, which are themselves probably dependent on the newspaper business nationally, haven't been performing as well, but the particularly strong position in installed does indeed prove the privacy of point of purchase and we're working with our partners in that area to further develop our expertise and dovetailing that expertise with the data and intelligence that we are harvesting from Checkout 51. So overall for that segment, we are quite confident about performance and potential.
Robert Thomson: Well, the books business is difficult to forecast to long-term, but what we're very confident about is the broader strategy to Brian Marion and the team have developed for internationalization of HarperCollins through the purchase of Harlequin. The ability that gives us not only to take advantage of the front and but also backwards books. And secondly that as Bedi has outlined, the current roster of books, which is performing particularly well and during we sell. Interestingly, we are seeing an uptick in digital sales and fascinatingly part of that is due to the popularity of digital audio. But as I mentioned earlier on, we are particularly heartened by the Nashville based HarperCollins Christian business, which is generating a lot of titles, which unmatched by other publishers given orientation and generating a lot of revenue
Robert Thomson: Well, Tim, what I can talk about is the broad principle, which is harnessing the audience that we have from a different mastheads and related real estate sites around the world where you and verified environment where the advertising can be authenticated, where advertisers are not embarrassed by the guilt by association that's clearly evident in the Times of London report today. I think many of our executives have been talking about the lack of veracity in digital metrics. They are mad metrics. And I think we are reaching a point where this awakening by advertising becoming a reckoning which makes a verified environment of quality content with a quality demographic much more desirable. And I'm fairly certain that advertisers will start to be more digitally discerning. And while not going into too much detail about what our plans are at this stage, we're not quite ready to do that, but our plan is fairly well advanced. We do believe that we will be the beneficiaries of that reckoning.
Bedi Singh: And just with regard to the cost savings that we mentioned on the WSJ2020, we expecting to take out $100 million on an annualized basis by the end of fiscal 2018.
Bedi Singh: I think in terms of the question you had on the Presto shutdown, look we expect, as I said for additional costs in the coming quarter. I mean, we don't comment on specific output deals, but we have recently linear HBO. I think that was announced and the team there is keeping a very close eye on the costs.
Bedi Singh: And just with respect to Foxtel obviously, we don't comment on the specific assumptions that we use, but we do expect Foxtel to improve as a business. The management team there is working hard. They have a target to improve subscribers into their future. Clearly, they've got some cost challenges and we have the meeting those head on, but I would say we're optimistic about Foxtel’s future.
Bedi Singh: We haven't given that sort of a specific number, but I think we have said in the past that when you look at our capital expenditures, a significant part of the CapEx is IT related and within that IT related bucket quite a lot of it goes into - investing into digital products. So even though CapEx is down, year-over-year the percent there that remains focused on digital is about the same. So that’s one why of probably thinking about the kind of investment we are making. Obviously, there is OpEx costs in addition to CapEx. And we don't generally break those out, but most of our OpEx investments are being focused more and more towards digital.
