Susan Panuccio: Hi, Entcho, it’s Susan here. Maybe I'll take the first question and hand over to Robert for the second question. Just in relation to the cost, they declined 7%, but down 4% on an adjusted basis. So cost distribution, Dow Jones cost are up but we would expect that to be up given the subscriber growth and the investments that we have in the PIB business in Risk and Compliance. Across the other businesses in the UK and Australia posted decline, and within them clearly cost declined by around 12% year-on-year. We are expecting to see cost continue to increase across the UK and Australia. We have been quite vocal about that over the past couple of years. The teams across the UK and Australia are very focused on cost reduction and continue to look at ways that they can innovate and drive costs, particularly out of the back office and some of the distribution chain. And we would also expect to see Dow Jones investing in that business going forward. But I would say that overall, we do balance the cost reductions with investment even within the UK and Australia because it's important that we can support that digital growth coming through in the businesses.
Susan Panuccio: And Kane, just in relation to News America Marketing, we don't disclose the margins in relation to that business. What I can say is we do disclose the revenues and that is obviously in the release. At this stage, we are obviously exploring the options as Robert said, in relation to the strategic review, and that will including exploring the sale. But we're not going to comment further biggest that process is being concluded that's what we may do with the cash proceeds.
Susan Panuccio: I think Craig, I'll just also add to that, that one of the things that we've been thinking about is how to allow greater focus on News Corp's primary pillars including the creation and distribution of premium content in the digital segment. So just in addition to the comments that Robert said. Just in relation to your second question, in relation to Foxtel cost base, in relation to next year, clearly the current year, fiscal 2019 is the investment year for Foxtel. We are very clear about that and transparent particularly in relation to the Cricket rights. If we cast our lines forward to the next financial year, we would expect to have a one additional quarter of Cricket right so that. US$20 million, we will, no doubt, have some continued investment in OTT as we scale this product and depending on the marketing activities around that. But more importantly as I mentioned in my comment, we'll have this non-cash impact related to the programming amortization change, which is about $30 million to $35 million. So that will impact on the result. Outside of that, we expect that cost base will be relatively notwithstanding the variable nature of it due to subscribers.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, obviously at this moment it is a little difficult to be absently specific about the identity of the bidders other than to say there's quite a few. But more broadly, we understand when it comes to the new score, that this is complex, it's not properly valued. And so we have begun a process of simplification that will be ongoing. The first, most tangible sign of that is the sale process at NAM. That company itself would change characters over the past few years and become more value because there was in-store and digital growth and a little less relevant into News Corp's core business. So it made sense to do that strategic review and that is materially interesting becoming.
Robert Thomson: Kane, again a little difficult to be specific, but the fundamental principle applies that if we thought Kayo was successful, then we would proceed with the new products. What we are seeing is Kayo is success, and fundamentally what we're seeing is a real growth in a number of Australians prepared to pay for premium programming. And there is little more premium than exclusive sports runs. So the old story about Foxtel was it had maxed out on subscribers that they were strictly limited number of Australians prepared to pay for content, and we heard that limit. Frankly, that's clearly not the case, and the doubling of Kayo subscribers has actually been accompanied by a fall during the same period by the rate of churn among sports users, subscribers on broadcast. That is a significant trend and an indication of the success of Kayo.
Robert Thomson: Craig, as I said a little earlier, we understand that the company is complex and that the valuation that we get, really a remarkable collection of asset is not fully realized in the share price. And so we have begun this process of simplification and that the most obvious outcome at this stage of that is the decision to conduct the strategic review of NAM, and that is well under way.
Robert Thomson: Brian, we look after News Corp. [indiscernible] saying about that Fox acquisition is that clearly, the Fox news and Fox Business news, great plasticizers of products. And that particular company has a very broad range of financial products aimed at consumers. So I wouldn't be surprised at all that it was a Fox acquisition. But we are separate companies and we ourselves are always reviewing our portfolio. Operator, we’ll – any more questions, Karina.
