Chase Carey: Yes, what I actually do is reducing my salary, but it is being essentially changing into longer-term, performance-based compensation. I think that's the proper thing for senior manager of a company. I think an alliance, senior management -- my interest is more with shareholders, and I believe in the business. I believe in our future, and I think it's the right thing to do.
Chase Carey: I think it probably is a little longer than that timeframe. And it’s a multi-year process that -- I'm not sure I’d put a specific year timeframe to it, but…
Chase Carey: At Sky Deutschland, our focus really is on building the business. Yet we recognize today, it is obviously in a loss position. And we’re obviously driving it forward to maximize the opportunity there. We believe it really can be a great platform for us. You look at the size and scale of that German market. There are some unique aspects to it. We have to figure out -- I mean, customers there do have more choice going in, so we have to make sure our quality really stands out. Our content stands out in quality and drive, the quality strength of HD and DVRs, make sure we focus on the right content, drive the experience but that is really our focus is maximizing the business, while we know that it's at a loss position in the short term, I think our focus will remain on maximizing the performance of the business.
Chase Carey: I guess on the Sky front, I’m not sure I can provide a lot of clarity beyond what we've said before. We're still in the early stages of the regulatory process. We have it at the regulatory review. I think as we said, it could take as short as six months, but it could take longer. And we have to see how that profit goes along at this point. It seems to be going largely as we expected. Past that regulatory review, I think we’ve got a commitment for a couple of months, three months, to not pursue a proposal without board recommendation. And I think those are the parameters.
Chase Carey: No, I think right now the focus is the regulatory review. I mean, that’s really why I think we recognize from both sides it benefited us to get to a place where we had the regulatory review behind us. And so, the focus today is to get regulatory approval for the transaction.
Chase Carey: I don’t think we’re going to get too far into sort of projecting where they're going. We obviously have been a bigger shareholder, know the business well and speak to their plans. We obviously with our interest have been part of formulating those plans. But it's not like it’s a company that we have not been engaged with so that you can assume largely what they've been doing. We've been a part of or, in many ways, at the center of building this business. But I think I’ll let them speak for what their plans and strategies are.
Chase Carey: But, I guess, Jamba, we are pursuing a process to potentially sell that. But generally our focus is as I said in the opening comments -- we prefer to build businesses than buying them. We may be buying sort of a raw start, but we think that has been the foundation on which we've built this business. And it’s certainly what we plan to pursue.
Chase Carey: Obviously, retrans, we’re in the very early stages of that process. I mean, we’ve done a couple. We got a couple more coming up this fall. As we’ve said it could take a few years. You have the affiliate side of it we're just moving into, so realistically, we’re just at the very beginning of that dynamic. And our stations realistically are still sort of recovering or growing. And if you look at this quarter, I mean the year-on-year comps are not getting a [indiscernible] (52:51) in the second half of the year, but you look at the year-on-year comps for the first half of this year. The station has great comps. Even on the network, we had Glee last year, but we probably got to a place where we were a little too reliant on older expensive programming. We had 24. And I think we did a good job reenergizing with Glee. I think we have an opportunity to really sort of reinvent American Idol this fall. Obviously, there’ll be some cost savings in that, but I think, more importantly, it's really an opportunity to really reenergize and get an existing franchise, refreshen it. Marry it to The X Factor in the fall of 2011 that I think really gives us potential for a great doubleheader in that business. And continue to really create programming that stands out. Not that editorials or, I guess, reviews are always the best barometer of success, but I think the shows we've got going on the network this fall, people feel good about. I think we’ve got a great mix of a couple hours, a couple half hours that have great potential. And I think that's what I find [ph] (54:07) is we’ve got fresh, new, exciting programming coming. And the network, I think, has growth in it. I think the stations clearly are still in a place of recovering .We’re actually not through the cost-cutting applications. We’ve taken a fair amount of overhead and headcount, but through this calendar year, we’re continuing to take some of that out. And I think there are an array of initiatives from the retrans to the stations getting to their potential and the network continuing to reenergize with fresh programming like it’s got coming this fall or Glee last year.
Chase Carey: It’s some of all. I would not say costs are the driving force, though they’re certainly a contributor to it. But it is that both program costs and efficiencies, and certainly, they're all significant. Retrans is probably the singular long term to look -- if you look at it, if USA’s going to make $1 billion, we’ve got ratings that are multiple to theirs with the [indiscernible] (56:05) programming we have. We’d better be driving to make this business make significantly more than they do.
Chase Carey: I guess probably the first difference you look to between the two is -- I guess I touched on it a minute ago -- in Germany, the consumers do have a fair amount of choice. The majority have a fair amount of choice. They start off with a fairly decent channel package they get through cable or satellite, which wasn't the case in Italy. And what that really means is what you focus on is sort of quality. So within Germany, it's more of a quality experience, whether that quality is in content or technology in HDs, DVRs, user interfaces or the like. So you want to create content that stands out. And the other difference, I guess I’d say, is you have a cable business there, in Germany, that probably covers half the market that you largely distribute through. And, I mean, you don't really have a cable industry in Italy. I mean, the competition’s different. I mean, in Germany, you’ve got the Telco and the cable, and actually, they’re much more focused on broadband and telephony. And we’re there with the video offering, and I think the key is really to offer a quality video offering. We’ve got pretty wide, open places to do it across. I mean, they’re making some noise, but I do think their focus is elsewhere. And create a quality video offering, quality technologies and marry it to quality service. And in Italy, our competition really toe-to-toe become the MEDIASAT platform that is competing on price. I think we’ve got quality, and I think we’ve found our footing and our mojo back in Italy. I feel actually we're on good track there. So I think there are different competitive dynamics -- you get some real economics, I mean, because of it. Germany’s a bigger market, and we pay significantly less for key sports rights in Germany. I mean, because of the infrastructure that exists in Germany, fact [ph] (1:00:34) is a fraction of what it would be in many markets because you can take good advantage of the fact that a lot of people have dishes on their homes, half of the satellite have dishes. And in a lot of places they have set-top boxes. They have wiring into the home. So there's some real efficiency if you can take advantage. So I think in Germany, you got to make sure you're smart about programming, betting on stuff that makes a difference. Be efficient. Watch it run. Drive to places you can. Make a difference like HD and DVRs. Create a great experience for customers. Take advantage of the efficiencies and the opportunities that exist in terms of cost-saving and the like. Make sure you’re buying programming that makes a difference. You’re not just buying bulk. And take advantage of the fact that you’ve got competitive environment where the competitors are really focused probably first and foremost on their profits. And I think that those are a lot of dynamics that are different if you look at Italy.
Chase Carey: Well, we’re in probably most of the world. So there are probably some regions -- Latin America’s been a very successfully region for us. Europe’s pretty successful a region for us. But we really, it is a big, wide, broad growth in some of these market it follows. I mean, one of the great things about International is a lot of the markets are still just developing. Now , I mean, obviously, we need to develop a distribution market and create channels for it. And we are riding on the back of that, but it is most continents, most regions. Again, those would be the couple that are bigger. I think the neighborhood this year is sort of around $400 million. And again, as I said, it's looking within five years of business. We expect to be a $1 billion business.
Chase Carey: And I think the general themes as you get into these digital arenas are that you want to move towards dual-revenue stream businesses. Doesn’t mean there aren’t some places you have free. And I think primarily subscriptions the most trapped, but I think we need to look at an array of sort of dual-revenue stream businesses, and I think we need to manage windows. And I think the Times business has gotten sort of rushed and sort of acted first and thought second. And I think we need to make sure we’ve got great products. We need products and manage the pricing in the windows and the like. I think we need to be part of this digital world, and I think there are great opportunities. I do think mobility, and I agree with Rupert’s observations on the iPad. And hopefully there are a lot of iPads, not just there are a lot of tablets and a lot of devices, I think, really has an opportunity to create a whole new platform that we can develop and develop in a constructive way. I do think things like authentication have the promise of really developing business models that are healthy for us that open up new avenues, find new exciting opportunities for customers, but find them in ways that enable us to continue to add value to our businesses and carefully manage the uniqueness of our products and not just let it get it commoditized at being thrown out there too widely and too freely.
Chase Carey: We're actively talking to parties. Probably not going to give away a whole lot. I think we’ll probably negotiate deals first and announce them second. But we have interest in it, but we’re not expecting a deal like we had before. We’re expecting this’ll be a performance-based deal, and to the degree we can add dimensions to it, we will. But you’re right. It is imminent, and we are actively engaged.
Chase Carey: I guess I'll speak from my perspective. I do think those devices have transformed peoples' expectations and the opportunities around mobile. For a number of years, everybody talked about the value of content on mobile platforms. I think you may get, on a smartphone, I don't know, maybe 20-year olds that are watching a smartphone, but I think this device, really as others have, those devices out there really gives you both a much richer experience. It really is obviously, very conducive to video. But even you take the Wall Street Journal on an iPad is a very different experience than it is on a PC. And I think you can use it for some of these things and just using it tells you how it's different. And I think it is also a device that for the first time really starts to deliver on the promise of multimedia, where you can see how you could jump between, you could sort of go between what traditionally would be video content, printed content, advertising that really is attractive that you could penetrate through and engage with. So I think a lot of the buzzwords that have existed for a few years -- I mean, people talk about interactive TV and mobile platforms and all that stuff for a few years. I think all of a sudden it becomes something you can envision in a real on -- and I think that’s happened. And I think for us, it’s incumbent on us to try to figure out what are the opportunities, again, intelligently, recognizing our product has tremendous value. And how do we exploit it? How do we develop the right consumer experiences on those devices, and what are the types of digital opportunities that we can develop? We're actively engaged in trying to develop an array of ways to place, and I think people [ph] (1:10:23) -- this emerging platform, which we think will be an enormous platform. And we think it is a real opportunity for us.
Chase Carey: Thanks, everybody for joining our call today. If you have any further questions, please feel free to call. And have a good day.
David DeVoe: Jessica, we’re not going to give you all the advertising, but if you look at the two, U.K., the United States, both. Whether it's our Cable or our Television station, there would be for the year around the mid-teens level.
David DeVoe: No, the adjusted EPS is $0.30, which compares to a year ago of $0.19, and included within the $0.30 is a tax benefit of about $0.12.
David DeVoe: Within our projected growth for next year, we are projecting pretty significant growth for the Television segment.
Keith Murdoch: Yes, and if you want me to talk about the world economy, I just say that I can't help but believe that today's rates are fragile, certainly the Western world. On the other hand, we have almost inexplicably good advertising and great confidence there. So we just have to see how it turns out. But certainly, I'm very, very confident over the next six months. But I think it's sufficient presumably for us not to be overconfident about the medium term.
Keith Murdoch: I think there are a lot of indications that it's going to get better. We're already expecting some pretty favorable rulings from the EU.
Keith Murdoch: I'll just add that Germany is probably the biggest and richest market in Europe. It’s certainly difficult for paid television as Chase said. But we now have a management team that we have great confidence in, and we're going to see it through.
Keith Murdoch: I'll just add, there are really two stages in Europe. We'll be filing very shortly in Brussels, and that takes about a month to go through the first stage. They can pull, and normally do but not always, for a second stage which could take two or three months. We then come back to the British rating [ph] (46:56) levels. So that's why Chase said it could be six months or 12 months, but certainly not more than 12. We’d be a regular part of it [ph] (47:10) if it went beyond this fiscal year.
Keith Murdoch: I'm sorry. I would just begin by saying we will not be buying any sporting teams. And we are in the business of buying sports rights for our sporting channels, not buying teams. And as for other M&A possibilities, I don't think it’d be appropriate for us to discuss at this stage. But as far as MySpace goes, we’ve got a new management team. We’ve got great confidence in them. They're doing a major overhaul that’ll look very, very different in a few months to what it’s looked for the last few years, and we're going to see it out for some time yet. I mean, obviously, we're keeping it under very close review.
Keith Murdoch: Well, I think it's very, very early days with our payroll around The Times. We have had a very encouraging number of people subscribing at a good price. We're not going to release those numbers. All the numbers for the royalties all break up, all these things [ph] (51:03) at this stage, but we can run the right strategy there. And we think it's going well. As to the iPad, of course, there will be other imitators. There will be other people in the market very soon. But I believe that, that is a game-changer altogether. We’ll have young people looking at newspapers. We’ll have different-looking types of newspapers. You’ve already got a number of news sites from independent people at a moment. It's a real game-changer in the presentation of news.
Keith Murdoch: And I'd just point out that we were the #1 premier network this year by a bigger margin, I think, certainly than we have ever been in the five years we've been in that position. And I'm extremely confident of what we're doing with Idol, but it's the year after when we’ll have American Idol and X Factor and other programs, which should really make us stand right out as the #1.You get plenty of advertising whatever the economic conditions.
Keith Murdoch: For retrans to make its full contribution, which would be very great, that will take two or three years by the time we go through all our contracts with all the [indiscernible] (56:23). And it’s rather like what has happened with FOX News. But it’ll be there, and it'll be very important. Just on the stations, whereas the company generally, we are moving more and more to subscription models and dependent on the regular subscription revenues and rising ones. But the stations, which depend on advertising, they will be getting, of course, part of the retrans, but our bookings at the moment are extraordinary in every category, I think, except maybe beverages. In July alone, we were up 44% in automotive, and pacing for the next two months which may be a little bit hefty because people are now making their bookings earlier, but we’re talking an 80% to 90% increase in automotive. So it's really very, very strong, and we are increasing our share of market in those local stations.
Keith Murdoch: I would say we'll be pushing very hard on VOD. If you talk about Hulu and Netflix and various things, these new businesses are under content review. Some are a challenge to us. And I wouldn't say more than that at the moment other than that Chase and I and the whole of the Film company are giving a great deal of thought to future moves in this area.
Keith Murdoch: I think I have no comment at all. Just read our newspapers and see what our editors think. They have the freedom to decide that. We’re obviously watching them closely, and there haven't been any really great issues emerge here.
Keith Murdoch: Well, that might be true with the ABC comments and what part you're playing in it, so I think I'll just let that pass.
Keith Murdoch: I’d just say, I mentioned the word game-changer before. I believe that. I think we're going to see around the world, hundreds and hundreds of millions of these devices. And there'll be all sorts of things we can do with them. And as they develop technologically, we've got to develop our methods of presentation of news.
Keith Murdoch: I think we’re very close to announcing who the judges will be. There are very active negotiations with a number of people. And what I can assure you is that next year's Idol will be different. It'll be better. The music will certainly be better, and we’ve got great expectations for it. As for CKx, no. We don't really have any say on who the owner is or will be.
Keith Murdoch: Well, we only have 25% of Foxtel. And I think, personally, that the anti-siphoning, I understand how it happened, which I won't go into. But it does hurt the sports associations and that there's no open bidding between pay and free-to-air. And also the view is that a lot of sports, which are not tough sports, were on the anti-siphoning list and get put on by the free-to-air at 2:00 in the morning or something. So will it be impacted by the election? I really don't know.
Keith Murdoch: They don’t boycott watching it because it’s getting incredible numbers. We haven't lost any business at all. I mean, some might've moved to other programs, but no. It’s certainly not affected the total revenues or the profits.
