Robert Thomson: Well, first of all, Dow Jones. We have a great team at Dow Jones led by Almar Latour and Josh Stinchcomb, our Chief Revenue Officer, he's done a sterling job in developing our digital ad expertise. And that's across wsj.com, MarketWatch, Barron's and beyond. And the increase has been across categories, but also in new categories in custom advertising. And it's clear that if you want not just a safe space, but a space that is brand-enhancing and an audience that's still most influential in the world in [indiscernible] well heeled, then Dow Jones has comparative advantages. Just one broader point to bear in mind with the imminent death of the cookie, our vast audience in the U.S., for example, will be particularly valuable and Dow Jones is a significant component in that. When you add together the uniques across our U.S. businesses, and this is not dejobbing, as you can tell from the number, but we have a close to 350 million monthly nicks. So that's in the advertising audience that's important for Dow Jones but for all our properties.
Robert Thomson: And to complement Susan's comments, so let's consider how the Foxtel narrative has changed to the questions we have been asked a couple of quarters ago whether we would need to put extra capital into Foxtel and then we're asked whether some spec wanted to buy more speculation and speculation. And the truth is that the successful development of the business has given us real options. And our immediate task and the team's task is to keep driving the business to keep striving, we've obviously made a fairly successful migration to streaming up 90% year-on-year. And we obviously have hits with Kayo and Binge, and we obviously have more work ahead. But the path to the future is certainly paid with possibility.
Robert Thomson: And just to supplement, Susan, particularly on Move, clearly, we have to be somewhat cautious in the second half of the year simply because of the complications of COVID. There's a lack of visibility for many of our businesses. And you can see that reflected in our words today. We are certainly taking nothing for granted despite the excellence of the Q2 results. But at Move, the signs are positive, at least in January, and David and the team at REALTOR. With January normally a slower month, unique users rose 37% to $94 million, and the lead volume remained robust. Those are indicators, but we are taking nothing for granted.
Robert Thomson: And as for the transition from Live Pass to Kayo, this is obviously an extraordinary opportunity for Foxtel. And our partners at Telstra will be doing everything as they can to encourage their users to make that migration around a total of 3.2 million Live Pass members. For those who are interested in Aussie Rules or rugby or any of the many sports on Kayo, this is an extraordinary opportunity to be able to watch a world-class streaming operation at work. And the -- those who've used Kayo and have experienced its ability to not only show 1 game, but many games simultaneously. That experience is definitely compelling. And so we believe that a very large number of Live Pass subscribers will make that migration, but it's so early in the process that at the moment, we don't want to put numbers out there. But with the imminent start of the winter sports season in Australia, I think you are going to see the metrics in coming months, and we'll be able to update you next quarter.
Susan Panuccio: And I think just to add to Robert's comment, we also, under Josh, who leads the sales team at Dow Jones have been very focused over the past 18 months on improving our ad tech capabilities, upskilling the sales force and improving yield management, which we now believe we're starting to see the benefit of in addition to obviously, the audience growth. And just in relation to the second question for Foxtel. When we think about the trends that we're looking at and the next steps for the assets, well, clearly, OTT will be an ongoing focus for us in that business. As well as the stability in broadcast as the team focus on the management of the base subscribers within broadcast. And they are clearly focused on costs as well. They've done a tremendous job in the first half or really over the last10 months since COVID-19 started in taking out the underlying cost of the business, the renegotiation of sports and entertainment contracts, but we'll be particularly looking forward to the growth within the OTT properties.
Susan Panuccio: Thanks. Kane, I might take those questions, and Robert can add and supplement as he will. So just in relation to the sustainability of Move growth, I mean, we remain very confident in the growth of the business and are encouraged by the traffic and the lead volumes, as we talked about in our prepared remarks, notwithstanding the industry listing volumes remain at historically low levels. We do expect with the revenue growth, the cost will increase. And I think the interesting thing to note, when we think about the results for this quarter versus the first quarter, actually, the cost increased this quarter. And so it was really top line revenue growth that was dropping down to the bottom line. So we do think that the revenue growth will continue, and we do want to scale up those costs in the reinvestment areas that I mentioned, marketing and product development. Just in relation to shared services, yes, we did quote $100 million for financial year '22. We're still holding that number at this stage, notwithstanding the cost work that we've done across the business. We do still think that there are enormous opportunities, but it will require, obviously, a lot of work and reconfiguration of our systems in order to unlock those savings. But at this stage, the guidance is still $100 million for financial year '22.
Susan Panuccio: Entcho, maybe if I start with your first question just in relation to News Media. Obviously, there's been a lot of cost work that's been done. And you're right. Some of that is obviously volume related, and some of that will scale up and down depending on how those businesses trade in light of COVID. But there are also significant permanent cost reductions that the teams have been working on. We've had significant reduction in head count that came through in the back end of last fiscal year that is obviously flowing through here. But we do have a lot of costs that have come out in the overhead space as well. Now some of that naturally will come back in as the businesses open up, but we would also hope that some of that may be permanent as we change the way that we work going forward. We also had in the back end of last year significant reduction in marketing expenditure within News Media, we would expect to see some of that start to come back in, but not necessarily the levels that we're seeing. So I think a balance of both as we look forward. And I do think actually that there are still permanent cost reduction opportunities that the businesses are working on within that segment. A lot of that has to do with the restructuring of the business and the reconfiguration, and the teams are actively working on that.
Susan Panuccio: And I think, Entcho, the only other thing to add to that would be that as we think about this exciting opportunity that Foxtel now have, it will scale clearly more from year 1 given the introductory office. So whilst we would expect subscriber numbers to pick up, we'd expect the actual impact on revenue and EBITDA to be more back-ended from year 1 onwards.
Susan Panuccio: I guess probably the easiest way to maybe frame the cost in the second half is I expect them to be broadly in line with the cost for the first half, which is net of any of the movements that we've obviously talked about with the deferral of sports rights. With the remainder, we are reminded that the full year cost will absorb approximately AUD 156 million of additional cost year-on-year due to the deferrals of those sports cost. So I think the underlying cost work that, as I said, the Foxtel team has done is starting to pay dividends, but clearly, we've got this double off of sports rights in the current year. But as a frame, I would say, broadly speaking, in line with the first half.
Susan Panuccio: No. We've got -- we've obviously just executed the renewals of the AFL and NRL. So we have those deferred up now 2024 and 2027, and we're not expecting in next financial year significant step-up from an overall basis on sports cost.
