Bedi Ajay Singh: It's Bedi here. Thank you for your question. I mean, as you know, over the past 3 or 4 years, we have done significant amounts of restructurings across businesses, mainly on the newspaper side. I think the total over the last 4 years is something around $500 million. Clearly, we keep looking at operational efficiencies as we go forward. But you have to realize, a substantial amount of efficiencies have been taken out. I think we'll keep continuing to look at natural operating efficiencies as we roll out the common publishing system, but I don't think we have any particular targets or sort of slash-and-burn type of cost reductions in mind as we go forward.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Justin, it's Bedi here. Thanks for dialing in from Australia. I think if you look at all of our different business segments, sort of the operating businesses do tend to have seasonality and sort of lumpiness. And for example, if you look at the cable programming segment, that's definitely lumpy, depending on the airing of sports rights. Our book business tends to have a very good big season around the holidays. If you look at newspaper advertising, even that is seasonal. So I think generally, it's hard to sort of generalize and say that it's -- these type of businesses are sort of constant across the fiscal year.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Jessica, it's Bedi. I'll take the one on Amplify. So Amplify, for the quarter, we reported an operating loss of $57 million, and that included depreciation and amortization of around $6 million. So if you take that out, it's roughly around $51 million of sort of EBITDA loss. And again, as I said in my prepared remarks, we don't expect to ramp up from that number, because pretty much the curriculum development is in full swing in this quarter. So hopefully, that gives you a sense of where we're heading for the year.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Alexia, it's Bedi here. Yes. I mean, I think curriculum development is going very well. I think if you [Audio Gap] and then in terms of your specific question about when we can expect to see specific metrics, I think we expect curriculum -- developed curriculum sales to be in sort of fiscal -- or sorry, calendar '14, in the fall of calendar '14. I think that's when you should look to see the first sort of sales into school districts for the curriculum products. With respect to Guilford, I think the tablets have been recalled because of the safety issue that was identified. But currently, there's an independent sort of consultant who is looking at the issues with these tablets. Clearly, we're not the manufacturer, so I think out of sort of abundance of caution and safety, we withdrew them. And I think as soon as we get the results back -- and we're in constant conversations with the Guilford authorities, and we expect to have tablets back there once this matter is behind us.
Bedi Ajay Singh: So I think the -- well, unusual -- I think the only thing that's sort of a one-off probably is we shut down The Daily. So that had an impact on -- of about $6 million, I think, on costs. So that was sort of a onetime item. I think, generally, we expect to see this sort of level of cost reduction continuing to flow through in the following quarters. But again, you've got to sort of temper that with what I said, which is we're facing revenue headwinds. So I think -- I'm not sure we'll continue to see EBITDA margin expansion of the same amount in the quarters to come. But I think we certainly expect to see some of these costs flow through.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Actually, we're not -- I think on the ARPU and churn, we're not really giving out numbers on the quarterly basis. I think we sort of tend to do that on an annual basis. The EBITDA improvement has been from the integration of Austar. I think they've realized a sort of nice number of synergies. So that's principally being the, I think, driving reason for the EBITDA improvement.
Bedi Ajay Singh: On the EBITDA numbers, there's no amortization charges despite the definition. And then on digital revenues, we're actually not giving out right now the kind of splits of digital revenues in our segments. But I mean, we are seeing, as Robert mentioned, a nice pick up in some of our digital statistics. I think Robert mentioned mobile usage on Wall Street Journal is up almost 50%. So I think were seeing traction in all of our digital properties. Clearly, on ebooks, we're having -- as I gave the statistics, we had almost 31% in ebook sales growth.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Yes. I mean, NRL right costs for this quarter, the impact was around $20 million. I don't think we're giving numbers for future quarters. But clearly, it's seasonal. So -- or the season is pretty much in this quarter.
Bedi Ajay Singh: And just on the Rugby League, I think -- look, after AFL, it's sort of the most popular sport, and it's a must-have programming you have to have if you're into the sports programming business, underpins our current subscriber base. I think it's very helpful to have for the digital platform, where we are -- where Foxtel is currently putting out new offerings. But I think we sort of view it as must-have programming.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Well, I think on a pro forma basis, we had good growth in advertising. It was up almost 50%. And subscription, as I said, was up around 8%. Advertising currently is around 19% of total revenue, roughly.
Bedi Ajay Singh: So I mean, Australia, the advertising revenue, I said, has declined around 25%, which included a 10% negative impact from foreign currency. And basically, in terms of the sort of cost side of the equation, we expect sort of cost savings to continue. But what I meant was if you look at revenues, and revenues being under pressure for News and Information Services, I think EBITDA margin expansion sort of continues to remain challenged when we look forward.
Bedi Ajay Singh: Look, I think FOX SPORTS Australia obviously benefits when we have subscriber growth. I think that's one of the metrics that we look for. And clearly, as Robert mentioned, there's been improvement in advertising as well, without giving specific sort of EBITDA margin targets on any of these businesses. But we would certainly look to extract efficiencies and certainly look to maintain margins in the business.
Bedi Ajay Singh: It's Bedi here. Clearly, as we've said in our filings, there is an expectation that we will be paying a dividend. I think the timing and the amount is going to be determined by the board. But again, as we said before at the Investor Day, I think right now, we're focused on sort of managing the operating businesses, stabilizing the revenues and, I think, internal investments. And as Robert said, this is one of the uses of capital we have. So clearly, it's something we said we would do. But I think at this point in time, it's too early to sort of speculate on how much and when.
Robert J. Thomson: John, it's Robert here, just to supplement Bedi's answer. I think what is clear is that we are imposing a fair amount of discipline on the companies. There really is heightened cost consciousness. And the ability that the new News has given us to focus both on our strengths and on expenses is allowing us to certainly extract cost. To your other question about investment, look, as we all know, there are 5 potential uses for capital. There's internal investment; there's acquisitions; there's debt, of which we have none; dividends; and buybacks. As you can see already, we are engaged in some internal investment design to generate revenue, and the programmatic ad exchange is a good example of that. And as we've made clear at the Investor Day -- look, we're interested in acquisitions, but these are going to be extensions and not eccentric. They must do more than just add to the sum.
Robert J. Thomson: Jessica, it's Robert. I mean, I'm sure you don't expect me to be specific about likely acquisitions. But I think it's fair to say that the 2 themes that permeate our thinking are digital and global and, obviously, acquisitions that extend our expertise.
Robert J. Thomson: Look, we're not going to go into specifics on our negotiations with Telstra, who are great partners of ours at Foxtel. Clearly, it's in the interest of all involved to increase loyalty and also to increase the attractiveness of the Foxtel package and, through that, our revenues from Fox Sports. And anything that does do -- indeed do that, we're in favor of.
Robert J. Thomson: And just to supplement Bedi's answer, obviously, the core investment in Amplify is going into the curriculum. A school district here or school district there will be indicative of a certain amount of receptivity. But really, longer term, and I think you need to view Amplify longer term, the scale rollout of our curriculum will take place in the fall of 2014.
Robert J. Thomson: Just to supplement Bedi's answer, it's a little too early, as we indicated, to give you meaningful metrics on Sun+. But certainly, what we're seeing at The Times is good growth in digital, and that translates into strong -- potentially strong growth in digital advertising. Because what you have there is a genuinely premium audience who are paying to access the content. And as I mentioned in my introductory statement, they have an affinity with The Times, which is material and meaningful, and that sort of affinity, we're finding through our programmatic exchange, is genuinely attractive to advertisers.
Robert J. Thomson: Bill, it's very early days. As you know, we have a new management team in place in Australia, under the great leadership of Julian Clarke and Peter Tonagh, who came across from Foxtel; and Susan Panuccio, our new CFO. Julian is looking at that strategy at the moment. What we are able to do as a company is learn from each other. So there'll be lessons from The Wall Street Journal for Australia. There will be lessons from Sun+, and that genuinely is one of the advantages of the new News.
Robert J. Thomson: Many companies talk about seasonality in results, but when you have football seasons, you have genuine seasonality.
Robert J. Thomson: I'll take the first question, and Bedi the second. What we truly are seeing is mass migration in mass media. When you talk about a 59% increase in audience for a premium product like The Wall Street Journal, you're talking about both a significant trend and a significant opportunity. It's just a little early for us to quantify what that means in terms of long-term advertising trends. I think what you can see we've done is create the programmatic exchange, which enables us to sell across properties, but also to get our maximum yield for premium properties like the Journal on any platform, including mobile.
Robert J. Thomson: I think, as Bedi mentioned, there has been a significant increase in advertising. And you'll recall that we mentioned at the Investor Day that, that was going to be one of our priorities, that in between sports events, the team there, under Patrick Delany, was improving the quality of the programming and, around that, building out an offering that was more attractive to advertisers. And quite frankly, that has come to pass.
Robert J. Thomson: Samantha, we're obviously in a very early phase of the development of DJX. The problems at Dow Jones in the B2B business are certainly well known to everybody on this call, and we were very candid about them on the Investor Day. It really goes back to that period of [indiscernible] trauma, where Dow Jones lost ground to its competitors. So this is a major restructuring of that business. The first iteration of DJX is just off the blocks, and so you'll have to give the Dow Jones team and us a little while before we can give you an accurate read on its market penetration. But this is a significant development for Dow Jones and, frankly, trying to improve the fortunes of -- part of the business is about 30% of the Dow Jones business, but trying to reverse the fortunes of a part of the business that is -- hasn't performed to its -- to our expectations or to its potential for really almost 2 decades.
