James Rupert Murdoch: I think, really, just with respect to the transaction that was announced with Virgin Media, I would just say that across Europe, particularly in Ireland and in Germany, we compete as well as work with Liberty Global, in Germany where Liberty Global, through Unity and KBW[ph] distribute a lot of our programming for Sky Deutschland. And in Ireland, Sky and Liberty have been competing for some time. So I don't think there's really a big change to the landscape there, and I think, Chase spoke about the progress being made in all of the pay-TV businesses and the platforms in Europe in his remarks, and I don't think I have much to add to that. We're pretty pleased with momentum and we're pleased with the strategic position of the business, notwithstanding some of the sort of short-term issues and current issues that we have in Italy.
James Rupert Murdoch: No, I would just say it's a super competitive sports market across Europe and in the U.K. Obviously, we had a new entrant with BT very recently. And really, and that package of SAPL rights or those rights had been ESPN's kind of core offering earlier. So -- but it doesn't really change very much as Chase said I don't think -- I think there's a lot of players over there. It's very competitive. But there are plans in Europe one way or another -- haven't really -- haven't been, and I think won't be, a big changing factor. And I think over there, to your kind of second part about managing costs, I think it's about making choices, and either deciding what you have to do, what you'd like to have, what's nice to have and what you're going to stretch for. So across the whole sports portfolio, it's about making choices, about where you want to invest and where you want to prioritize. So -- and that's why we make those choices everyday in a lot of different places.
James Rupert Murdoch: I don't have anything to add to that. But I guess I would say just the one thing is that across the whole portfolio, it is true that over the last couple of years, we have really strived to simplify the operating model, to deal with joint ventures, minorities, et cetera, and there continues to be a lot of work in that area, and we continue to stay very focused on it, and the recent transaction with Sky Deutschland is another good example of that as well, as all of the -- as many of the things Chase mentioned earlier. So these are things that across the whole business, we continue to be very focused on, in terms of simplifying the operating model, the portfolio, and having something that's -- that makes sense for the future.
Chase Carey: Yes, and I think on the broadcast network, I mean, we're always focused on cost, and I think it has to be part of, in some ways, your DNA in managing the business everyday. I don't think there's anything dramatically that we'd be doing. Realistically, our core problem was we didn't have a great fall. You look at the ratings and the shortfall we had in the fall. And then, clearly, that was disappointing to us. We've had a -- The Following's off to a really good start. Idol is, very early stages so, very much a work in progress, but it's not that costs aren't important, but we need to create shows that are franchise shows for us to build a business around. And we're focused on that. We need to have shows that break out, we need to have shows that, and I think The Following is, again the type of show that can be a signature you build a night around. And so yes, we're focused on cost, but I -- and I think we always are, but I think that's the core challenge for us as we go forward.
Chase Carey: Yes, I guess on sports, I mean we haven't made up an announcement about a national sports channel. I guess it's, what you could call it, the world's worst kept secret, but we think there are opportunities for us to add real dimensions to the business. We think sports is a huge arena that has room in it to build really attractive businesses. And we obviously have a lot of assets in that place that we think we can utilize in terms of trying to build a business, certainly, the regionals as we think are a real business for us. We do want to be focused on building businesses, as opposed to as, I said before, as opposed to acquiring businesses. And we think that's an important part of the portfolio as we look at our -- as we look at that bundle -- our bundle of cable channels that really cover the spectrum of the 4 arenas of entertainment, news, nonfiction and sports. We want to continue to be opportunistic at finding things that -- where we can build real value. We can build businesses that capitalize on the other assets we own. And we do think sports is an opportunity there. We recognize the challenges in terms of dealing with the cost of sports, but we just think sports, in a world of increasing fragmentation, we think sports continues to be a more and more important and unique part of that overall landscape. In terms of the capital question, again, in some ways, as we head towards the split, which is what we've said, you are going to have 2 companies that probably are each going to have their own. So it's a little difficult to get too long term on capital allocation, because again, you're going to have 2 businesses with different outlooks and at different places. And I think each has to sort of determine its own path and then come forward and set out a vision for what it intends to do. We are committed to finishing the buyback we've announced, so that, we said we're going to buy back $3 billion to $4 billion this year. We will do that. We will finish the $5 billion that we've talked about. And I think the company has to get split to then come out with an appropriate, sort of -- each company then has to come out with its own vision for how it deals with it. We think capital -- we think it's an important part of how we manage the business for shareholders. I mean, I think, we certainly know the importance of returning capital, of finding -- returning capital to shareholders. We want to make sure we continue to fulfill opportunities to grow the business, but we believe, fully, hopefully our actions recent last year plus that's indicated that. The Return of capital to shareholders is an important part of it. But again, I don't want to get too specific, because I think you have got to get to each company to sort of, provide its own vision.
Chase Carey: Yes, and I'll later -- I'll let James, let David can add something, if you want to. I mean, I guess, I don't think -- I have a great respect for ESPN and what they build, I don't think ESPN's plans, I would end up saying could have had a -- would have a significant impact on what we're doing in Europe. I mean, we had a relationship, but there are a lot of other players there, so I don't think ESPN's announcement on the U.K., I'd say, is an event that's -- essentially, we'd say changes our outlook or our plans much one way or the other. I think they'll be out there. I think there are other players that compete for rights. James, you want to, you have any...
Chase Carey: And I think as it relates to the L.A. market, we don't want to get too far into the weeds on the numbers of channels. Our goal is to maintain the profitability of our business in L.A. -- in Southern California. We've got a number of sports franchises, lots that we have long-term agreements in place. We feel good about our place. We feel our business is going to be more profitable, given the paths we've chosen than any other path out there, and we'll determine how we deal with our existing assets to best achieve that profitability. And again, on another level, I think we do look and we like each of these regional businesses, but in some ways look at them individually, and then we look at them as a portfolio. And there's no question we're in a much stronger place than we were with Ohio and then particularly, yes, than we were a year ago. So as a -- from an overall perspective, we are stronger than we've ever been, and we feel on the more local level, that we can -- we've got a combination of enough assets that we can continue to have a very healthy and vibrant Southern California business.
Chase Carey: Yes, again we haven't announced it, and I'm not going to get too far into rights. I mean, we believe we have a unique combination of both rights and assets that we can use to potentially build a very attractive business. And yes, I'm not going to get into a right by right analysis to some degree. There's always -- with rights become affiliate fees. We're navigating a path where we think we have -- if we launch a channel, we're going to launch a channel that we think will excite people, and will interest people, clearly a 24 hour channel is rights as well as programming you create to invest in content genre, to -- that will excite and interest people. We think we have proven a unique capability in the sports business to really do unique and exciting things that excite people. We've certainly greatly expanded the portfolio of rights we've got across an array of sports from NASCAR to baseball to college football, college basketball, soccer, UFC and the like. So we have a broad array of rights as well as the regionals as I touched on to deal with. And clearly, look to create again distinctive content that we create that goes with it that would be interesting and valuable for customers. And then, go out with it on a set of economics that enables it to be an attractive business for us. And that's a plan we're on, and that's what we're planning to execute, and we will provide more details as we go forward. In terms of Amplify, look, we really think we're going to be a disruptor, we're not trying to be the guys that are in it. And that's, to some degree, that's what we've said is we're not planning to go to go toe-to-toe spending. I mean, in some degree, it's taking advantage of guys that are encumbered by decades of having built the business on historical practices, and we're going to come in using digital technologies which the education businesses sort of have been completely left out of, and innovate and then create a completely different approach that we think will prove to be uniquely successful in the education arena. We think they do it very cost effectively. It does regardless. We're not trying to -- I mean, we don't have any plans to go spend toe-to-toe with the old brick-and-mortar guys. I mean, in some ways it's the greatest advantage -- the biggest advantage we have is we don't have to worry about an incumbent business and what do we do, can -- what our digital technologies do in terms of cannibalizing an historical business. We can just lay out and build a digital business, and it's really built taking advantage of today's technologies and deliver a great product. We put a great team in place with unique expertise, and we think we can be a true disruptive force for good in the education space.
Chase Carey: We think we've really, yes, I mean, we were only halfway there. I mean, I guess most particularly, with X Factor, we had really, obviously, went into the competition round, which is really where we were headed, that we could get a fresh energy and a fresh momentum, and clearly X Factor did -- was a disappointment for us and that didn't occur. So I think probably the first factor would be that. I think the second would be, we had a very choppy October. We were just coming out of October. We had the election, baseball, the hurricane. We had an array of disruptions. And again, we were hoping to relaunch some other shows that really had gone off and subsequently, some of the new shows, Mob Doctor, Tuesday night, and get some traction. Weren't expected to be raging successes, but hoped through those disruptions we could bring them back and to a better place, and that didn't occur. And then in sports, we actually were doing -- look, the NFL's fabulous, but sometimes just like sports were, really, the regular season was great for us. Unfortunately, the postseason didn't fall our way. I mean, we were down double digits, and that's a lot of money. So double digits in the NFL postseason, those are 3-digit millions, ad sales and then on top of that, some of the, I guess probably in college football, particularly the 2 championship games, we start off at 1 point hoping you've got a USC/Oregon top-five matchup, and you don't get that. And you end up with a top 5 team in the Big Ten, that can't play in the championship game in Ohio State, so sort of ended up with signature games that didn't pan out. And so, I just -- and to be aware, every one of those where, maybe we've been because it's early in the year, a little too optimistic and sort of challenging people to sort of achieve. I mean, in sports, I think we did. So sports, I think is more just sort of, that's the way it fell. I think in entertainment, we really believed we could, we had an opportunity to get some of those programs to a better place and really, it just didn't go. It just went the other way as we went through the fall.
Chase Carey: No, I mean actually if we think it's great to have everybody keep asking. So it's, we have a timing for what we're going to do, and we feel good about the timing. If we're launching something next month, I'd have to -- we would have to announce it. We're not, then so we'll continue to build up pent up demand.
Chase Carey: So on sports, and I guess if you're talking worldwide, it's tough to make a general statement, and I'm not sure I can do the math in my head to go add up the pieces, I mean, I guess -- but I guess just touching all around the world, and in some places, you ought to, I guess got to remember, particularly in a number of the international markets, what we've done is take businesses that we owned a piece of and taken control of. So in Latin America, we had a minority stake, we took control of it. In Asia we had a 50/50 partnership we've taken control of. So a lot it -- in Australia, we owned half of Fox Sports, and we've taken control of it. So in a number of these initiatives, some of them are new, Fox Sports Japan is new. The Dutch initiative is new. And they're in very different places. I mean, Latin America, which we took control of 1.5 years ago, 1 year or plus ago, is actually ahead of schedule and has turned profitable, and significantly -- generates significant profits that are on course. I think in India, this is a significant investment year, and that should be -- will have a significant uptick as we go into next year on sports there. In the rest of Asia, that's probably more of an ongoing build that is actually in the black today, because it didn't have quite the same cost that you had in India. It's a more competitive market, so there was some more cost to digest in India this year on some key rights, and we're just getting that up. Actually, I think very quickly, essentially, in the Netherlands, that's going to be a profitable business, almost after a very quick turn. I think in the U.S., to the degree we take on a new initiative, I think launching a channel, I mean we -- we don't -- we're not starting from square one. If we do something, it's still probably a couple of years to get us to a place. So I think getting -- there's always going to be an investment phase to the ability to lick our goal. Really, in aggregate, I think as you look at our cable business, has been, to maintain a very healthy growth rate, that has a degree of investment that after that investment, lets us continue to have that -- the type of growth rate you've seen. Obviously, if we did nothing new, then the growth rate would be couple of points higher. We think it makes sense for us that if you did that, at some point, your business has gone up mature in a way that we don't think is right in terms of building long-term value. So our goal is to say how do we take a small portion of that growth and reinvest it in building businesses. And again, we want to build and still be able to maintain a very healthy growth rate. If you see this year, we're building India this year, we're still building in a number of places. So India will mature and it's not just sports. Look, in some ways be built Fox business, which turns profitable this year. It's been Fox News as we've been investing in, it turns profitable this year and takes another jump next year. But I think that's a -- that is the philosophy. Clearly sports has a more significant cost just, again, because of the importance of sports, to the uniqueness of sports that it has a larger cost. Again, I couldn't pull it out of all those territories and stick it together without doing a little homework. But sports, we think, is going to be a force second to none. And really, almost everywhere we've invested in sports around the world, it has been not just important, and in many ways, it's been the cornerstone to our ability to grow and build the businesses we've built, including, here in the U.S. in many ways. In terms of The Simpsons, it's -- we are -- they're still ongoing. We are working hard to get to a place, I wouldn't speculate on a -- I wouldn't take any -- probably to sort of speculate ahead of time what it's worth, it is obviously as unique a franchise as exists in the television world now. I don't think there's anything else out there that has whatever it is, 500, 600 episodes and is headed towards its 25th year. Animation is great because nobody ages. But it's a fabulous franchise, but -- and I think we're getting, and we're hopefully getting close to a place where we can sort of try and add a dimension to it, but we still got a, I guess call it a couple of i's to dot and t's to cross to try and get there, so I'm not going to get ahead of it.
Chase Carey: I guess the ups and the downs. I guess, first you always get sort of the, just the built-in uncertainty in the content business. We have -- what do films, where do films perform? I think on the network as I said, we're early days on Idol and the spring season, as a whole. I think you go to someplace, in a place like Italy, what we're assuming, yes, we can sort of stabilize subscribers. We've got a couple of initiatives we're trying to do to -- and I think that's sort of the outlook in the short term is stabilize subscribers. They've obviously been -- the last 12 months are down. And yes, we've got a couple of initiatives continuing to add new dimensions to the product. We just launched a bundle of broadbands, so some things we think that we can use to stabilize that market, we don't expect the economy to get better in the next, certainly in the short term, next couple of years so we are planning the business. We're in an economy that won't be, but we'd love to get some traction. We're not planning on that, but again, we're looking to not, we're looking to stabilize it as opposed to the last 12 months, where we've been -- we've had subscribers declining. So I think that still is something that we're focused on. And again, it made some headway in the last month, but it's too early to make any -- to have any real strong feelings about where it is. I mean I will not dwell on Italy, I mean I -- the one thing I do, as we look at that business that I feel good about is, it's a pretty clear path, how to get the business to where it should be. And it's -- you got program contracts that end in the next 12 months, the next 24 months, and some we won't renew and some we'll modify. And it's pretty structural. And I think we do those things, we get the business stabilized on the top line, take those costs down and get ourselves to a double-digit margin, and then we'll go from there as the economy evolves. But back on that, so I started to say the content businesses -- the content-driven businesses, as does span our film network. I think the cable business is probably -- don't have that type of volatility. The publishing business is -- it's pretty tough around the world, a pretty tough advertising market for publishing. We certainly experienced that first and foremost in Australia. We're not expecting it to get better, but we're not expecting it to get substantially worse. I mean as I said in the call, we had hoped the Christmas season, which is usually a good season for the newspapers in Australia, would've given us a bit of a lift and just didn't happen. But I guess I'd say those things and then, there's, we're not -- we're assuming the world itself is reasonably flat. I'm not assuming we're not assuming there are wonders out of Washington or other things that would sort of give it great momentum, but we're assuming the world sort of muddles along. So that's sort of from a macro perspective.
Chase Carey: Yes, again, I'm not -- look, NFL's a great franchise. We feel very good where we are. I'm not going to sort of speculate on individual rights and -- we are certainly, we're planning our, we're planning it light, given what we know today, and we feel very good about the path we're on, and the opportunity we have. I think you always want to be open minded and opportunistic. There are things there, see if they make sense, and they may or may not. But we're not -- our plans, the plans we have in place we are -- we have what we need to fully execute on. So it would only be if we think there's something that enhances them, the plans we have in place today, we feel great about.
Chase Carey: Retrans certainly, I don't know if it makes -- it makes it a healthier business. I don't -- I think we, I wouldn't necessarily say it gives us license to go spend more money. I think we ought to be taking intelligent shots to try to create unique hit programs. Look, content's the heart of this business. There's no question in this digital age, you see it time and time again, great content is invaluable. And it's what you want to create, and I think we need to invest, we need to invest smart and intelligently in creating great content, whether it's at the studio or at the network or at our cable networks. And we will continue to do so. In the reality of retransmission is it enables the broadcast business to be a healthy business. As I said, I mean, we've had a very disappointing year ratings-wise, but our broadcast business is up profitability, and that's because we are building it into a dual revenue business, dual revenue. Then I got to put stations in there because that, really to me, is one business, stations and network combined. It's a dual revenue business, that can be a very exciting, healthy business and a platform on the network really is our ultimate platform to launch franchise entertainment shows and franchise content. And it'd really be a platform to market and sort of build all of our franchises in Television. And we need to continue to invest in content. We need to do it smart and intelligently. I think we've -- I think we've -- we have, I think, done a pretty good job of investing intelligently in content. We just went through a fall where unfortunately, the volatility of the content world didn't work our way. We feel good about the management team out there. We feel they're doing a good job. This is in a business you can measure in a couple of months, and sometimes you're going to have a tough 3 months. That's the nature of the content businesses. But we feel we've got a really good team that has -- is focused on trying to cost-effectively invest. We want to invest directly in content, but build unique, distinct content that can really be the type of franchises that have an ever increasingly unique value in this digital world.
