Robert Thomson: Well, I'm not sure I'm that precedent and I certainly don't pass myself off as a soothsayer. But we are firmly of the view that real estate properties make us the world's leading digital property company. And we also are firmly of the view that we have vast potential for growth, given the markets in which we operate and given our successful acquisition strategy. And equally, we are firmly of the view that the full value of our digital property assets and their potential is not yet entirely recognized in our share price. We now have a global leadership of our real estate assets with Tracey Fellows and her appointment itself was a sign of our intention and our ambition. And she's not just working through ideas for the future. She's driving the business and seeking out new opportunities, such as cities, such as rental and such as other adjacencies that will generate even more momentum.
Robert Thomson: Well, the key factor for us is the quality of the Wall Street Journal, the quality of the journalism, the quality of the leadership. We have a great team at Dow Jones with Almar Latour and Josh Stinchcomb, our Chief Revenue Officer, who've done a sterling job collectively in developing our digital expertise. So we don't have to worry about a Trump bump becoming a Trump slump, as you might see in other places. The Wall Street Journal's journalism obviously rises above the -- sort of gormless rhetoric the pants-tearing [ph], the jaundiced journalism that you see in some other places. And so, the Dow Jones results certainly rise above those of the New York Times, both in circulation now in the news segment and in digital advertising, which was almost double that of the New York Times. And so, it is in essence the enduring quality of the Journal that gives us momentum. And those are very positive wins that we're seeing now and are confident that we'll see in the future. 
Robert Thomson: And to further supplement Susan's wise observation, the acquisition of IBD will give us further opportunity to up-sell to cross-sell across both properties. And that's why we acquired the IBD, which is close to closing. And that's why -- and that investment itself was an indication of our confidence in the sector.
Robert Thomson: Craig, look I think that's a fair assessment. We certainly have confidence in our teams and their ability to integrate those acquisitions. We certainly have a fundamental faith in the sectors themselves. And you will see that the financial impact of the acquisitions will be almost immediately positive for both revenue and EBITDA. At both Investor’s Business Daily and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt General Book division are highly profitable. And in Australia Mortgage Choice will surely complement the existing mortgage broking business at REA. And as I mentioned earlier with IBD being 90% digital now, it's extremely contemporary. We will be able to cross-sell and upsell and make the most of our existing content. And there's -- at HarperCollins Brian Murray and the team there's no doubt we have a history of successfully integrating businesses. And so we fully expect profits to increase at both HMH and thus at HarperCollins and thus at News Corp.
Robert Thomson: And as we indicated earlier, the climate for Risk & Compliance is certainly conducive to growth given the advent of US administration that is obviously intent upon increasing regulation and the need for compliance.
Robert Thomson: Well we're certainly focused on all segments at Foxtel and we're genuinely delighted by the progress where we have EBITDA up 34%. And the revenue trends are obviously improving. We haven't seen the spindown from broadcasting that some feared. And Kayo is as we mentioned on the cusp of one million paying subscribers with a user base already larger than that and Binge growing week after week after week. And frankly, all underpinned by world-class cutting-edge technology that provides a great user experience. And its financial position overall is much more robust and Patrick Siobhan and the team deserve much credit for the markedly improved performance. That means, we frankly have options real options.
Susan Panuccio: Kane, I'll take that one. So I think, just at REALTOR, if you think about the cost for Q4, we did guide to an additional $40 million of cost in the second half. You probably could assume the bulk of that $40 million that we quoted will hit in Q4. So if you compare that to the Q3 numbers, we also expect those numbers to scale up from a variable cost perspective, given the revenue growth. In relation to Dow Jones, we would expect to see higher costs in Q4, largely as a consequence of compensation and marketing expenditure. But we have been very encouraged by the ongoing cost focus in that business. And as you could see, they had a pretty good cost result for this quarter as well. So probably more investment coming through at REALTOR than what we would expect to see in Dow Jones.
Susan Panuccio: And Alexia, I think, the other thing that is really encouraging for us is, if I look back over the last 10 quarters and the quarter-on-quarter sort of net adds, the net adds that we had this quarter were the second highest that we've had over those 10 periods and so that gives us confidence actually about the ongoing growth potential within Dow Jones.
Susan Panuccio: Yeah. Look in Q4, we obviously had the absence of some bonuses in Q4 of last year and so we obviously wouldn't expect to see that this year. So we've got that movement that's happening. We also had some of the COVID impacts coming through in Q4. So we did have a couple of one-off cost savings that hit in Q4 of last year which we didn't see repeated -- expected to repeat in Q4 of this year. And we also have the scale after some of the news next step transformation project costs that are going to hit in Q4. So I think when we look sort of going forward, we wouldn't expect to see the large movement that we've been seeing in equity comp. I mean, obviously if the share price continues to go up we'll have that natural fluctuation. So we did have a very depressed share price as a consequence of COVID back in Q4 and so we've been seeing those movements come through this year. 
Susan Panuccio: We don't give out the margins actually for Risk & compliance. But what we would say is though that they are high margin and they've been scaled. So we are seeing good growth within that particular segment.
