Robert Thomson: Well, John, I understand that you wouldn’t expect me to reveal any details about any particular acquisitions we may or may not have in mind. You have your own prescience on that. The truth is that we’re very happy with the mix of the portfolio that we have now. You can see how complimentary the assets are that we’ve acquired. These haven’t been random investments by any means and so any investment we would ever contemplate has to fit that picture where we genuinely believe it becomes more than the sum of the parts. And the way that we’ve been able to use Realtor for example to increase the usage and the downloading of the at the Checkout 51, the way we’ve been able to use MarketWatch to boost traffic to Realtor, and vice versa, has been an important part of the strategy. So that strategic imperative which we articulated at the time of the spend remains constant at the moment. As for the use of capital, we want to be consistent in our messaging and consistent in our returns of capital. We have, as you know, instituted a semi-annual dividend and we want to be consistent about that, and we’ve had a lot of buyback program. We want to be consistent about that as well. And so the principle of a certain amount of return is one that we’ve established, and we will abide by that principle. But on the other day, should there be a strategic opportunity for investment, we remain attuned to that possibility.
Robert Thomson: Entcho, there has been speculation about media reform. I’m not going to speculate about the possible outcome other than to say that one, it should be holistic; and two, that it should reflect the reality of the contemporary digital age. For Australian mastheads clearly, as both Bedi and I have articulated, it was a difficult quarter in advertising, and to that extent we’ve clearly embarked on a cost cutting program at the mastheads. Now of course, a consequence is that cost cutting has a cost, a short term cost and a long term benefit, but we are not being defeatist about the power of those platforms. They are very powerful platforms. And so we will continue to invest in the digital development, and we continue to believe that our print has a future as a powerful platform. For example, you look at all the angst over add blockers. You know what, add blockers don’t work on newspapers, and you have 100% viewability. So the reality of power of print as a platform, as part of our portfolio, remains constant. And I think we are in a period of advertising experimentation, and some advertisers would be, I think, slightly surprised to find the sites that they find themselves associated with. They are not premium sites; they range from the ordinary to the tawdry. Our sights are premium sights, and that value is an enduring value.
Robert Thomson: Well certainly, it varies by geography and demography. But at the Wall Street Journal, we’re seeing strong growth digitally. Not alone in numbers but also in circulation revenues. So the ARPU is strong. At the Sun, as both Bedi and I explained, we will be relaunching the site in March. And that, combined with the fact that it’s obviously a changing of that model, we’re confident in the power of that platform. Not only in the service it can provide for readers but also in the functionality for advertisers. The Times of London is doing extremely well, behind a strict paywall. It is, I think by most measures, the most successful newspaper in the UK at the moment. It’s gaining in market share, it’s gaining in revenue. We have explained in the past that it has reached profitability, which is fair to say wasn’t the case when I was the editor a few years ago.
Robert Thomson: I think we have, it’s fair to say a brilliant tech team. We’re very happy with the pace of development internally. We’re not arrogant about that, because it’s a challenging environment and this is a tech team that’s up for the challenge. In part, you have to ensure that when you acquire a wonderfully creative company like Storyful or Unruly that you’re able to integrate them in a meaningful way. They can’t become orphans. So that’s as much a cultural challenge as a technological challenge. So we’ve been very careful to introduce the leaders of those companies and tech engineers of those companies right across the News Corp network, and because you want them to be beacons of creativity and ingenuity institutionally, So they’re performing that role that’s difficult to define in a pure metric sense but is absolutely material to the future of the company.
Robert Thomson: Look it’s a fascinating question and clearly what it shows is that purchasers make a discerning decision based on price. They are valuing a print book versus an e-book. And so you’re quite right, it’s not just the mix. Although clearly a – for example, a teen fiction book is heavily digital and a coffee table book is a coffee table book. But the longer term I think it’s fair to presume that the digital ratio will increase and exactly what that ratio will be is a matter for the soothsayers. But you can see that as people are getting devices they aren’t necessarily downloading as many digital books as they did previously. There is more competition on devices for the digital experience. But our very, very astute team at HarperCollins is learning these lessons as we go. They are intelligent, they are creative, they understand also how people read digitally a little differently to say two years ago when early adopters had one pattern, and mature adopters had another. So we certainly see book publishing as an area of opportunity, both in print and in digital.
Robert Thomson: There is a lot of competition in the market at the moment when you look at for example, Netflix and others. But what I think you need to understand is that Netflix in the U.S. is very different to Netflix in Australia. The Australian operation has quantitatively and qualitatively a far lesser offering, and you might puckishly call it not Netflix, but Notflix. And we believe that as people look closely at the offerings that the value that Foxtel can bring will become increasingly apparent.
Bedi Singh: Alexia, I think Robert summarized very eloquently the answer to that question. I think we said in the past that when you look at cap returns you have to think of those in the context of our operating cash flows and the cash flows available to shareholders. And pretty much the balance of cash that we have is there to help us with investments, both internal and external. So I think we remain consistent with what we’ve said before.
Bedi Singh: I think I referenced the cost savings that we have more on the newspaper side. I think on the book publishing side they are obviously taking costs out after the Harlequin acquisition; and I think for Harlequin we had said that there would be around $20 million of synergy savings. I think we are pretty much on track to get the majority of those in this fiscal year and obviously software flowed into the first half. With respect to the newspaper, in Australia we’ve indicated that we’re looking at like a 5% run rate sort of cost savings into the future. In terms of dollars that’s around, in the first half it was around $40 million to $50 million, I think on an annualized basis we expect it to be in the $60 million to $70 million range of savings. News U.K. is aggressively looking at its cost structure. We haven’t given specific numbers out on that. But again, as I said in Q2, while reported sort of costs are down 5%, the head count – it’s mainly through head count and most of that through Australia. We’ve also renegotiated newsprint and ink deals. That’s had a sort of significant impact. We’ve closed printing facilities. We’ve got rid of some of our loss-making activities. So I think generally all of those things are continuing and we’d expect to see the benefits flowing through into the future.
Bedi Singh: But clearly without stock comp the EBITDA numbers are a lot bigger. And of course just to sort of remember our competitors when they report, they report all their numbers before stock compensation expense whereas News Corp has traditionally included stock compensation expense in the numbers we report. So that’s why I try and give both of those metrics. So you have a helpful comparison. So…
Bedi Singh: So I think with respect to Foxtel you know we expect strong growth in Q3 and Q4. And I think we believe that we are in line for EBITDA growth as we said before for the full year. EBITDA improvement fuels the cyber revenue as I said going up, as well as there will be some additional cost savings in a business wide in programming, sales and marketing as it becomes ease with what the level of costs were in Q2. So I think we are on track with Foxtel.
Bedi Singh: I think clearly expect EPL will be affected. We will see continued revenue growth from subscriber build into fiscal 2017.
