Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our First Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call. On the call today are Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our Chief Financial Officer. First we'll give prepared remarks on the most recent quarter, and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-Q for the 3 months ended September 30, 2012, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filing. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call such as segment operating income, adjusted segment operating income and adjusted earnings per share are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
Reed Nolte: Thank you, Dave and Chase. Operator, now we'd like to take questions from the financial community, please.
Reed Nolte: Thank you. At this point, we're out of time. Thank you, everybody, for joining today's call. If you have any further questions, please call Joe Dorrego or myself here in New York.
David F. DeVoe: Yes, Anthony, I'll deal with the Other. What's in Other, Anthony, is principally, it's our head office, it's our education business, which I mentioned. And it includes our executive comp. And our executive comp is slightly different from some others is that any of the related compensation that's related to our stock is mark-to-market such to the extent that we have increase in our stock price, that compensation is mark-to-market. In this case, our stock has improved significantly. So we've got a bit of a hit in the current quarter for that.
David F. DeVoe: Yes. I mean I think if -- where the majority of that is, it's certainly in some of them like Latin America because we're a year into it. It will be increment -- that would probably be on top of the $1 billion. In some of the other places, you'll probably have a couple of years of building cost. Right now, India will be a process where we're investing in building that sports business for a couple of years and really the gains come a couple of years down the road. So, I think it's -- I mean we haven't take -- we haven't even started in Asia yet. We don't take possession of that probably until the end of the year. So in a couple of years, we'll still be in the early stages of it. So clearly a change in the perspective. I think if you look 2 years from now, you'll have some places that are mature enough to really be an incremental addition to it. You'll probably have others where we're still in the building process and building those sports franchises.
David F. DeVoe: No. We'll give you more information as we get closer to the end of the calendar year. My job is then to say that we're still on plan. We believe we're going to be finished by the end of June. That's what we're working for, working towards rather.
David F. DeVoe: I think as we look at the ratings -- or look at the guidance, we're off to a really good start in both Cable and the Film business. We've got some ups and downs across all the businesses, but we feel pretty very good about where the guidance are -- is rather we have the -- obviously, we know where we are after where the ratings have been and we know where we are after the World Series. And I think that's pretty much all we're going to really say about that.
Chase Carey: And I guess in terms of sports, I mean, obviously some of the recent deal they talked about, we've just signed really the like the -- in the U.S., the baseball and NASCAR deals are new and just implemented. But I think the U.S. really, for us, we're pretty much on track where we want to be. We think sports, as I said in the opening comments, are an increasingly important part of -- particularly building a real dual revenue business. And in a world that gets more and more choices and more and more technologies, we think sports become ever increasingly valuable. And so it gives us an opportunity really to build all our businesses across the channels and really to have a breadth of strength. Same theme is really true internationally. Most of the international initiatives, other than ones tied to the SKY platforms, are pretty new. We're probably less than a year into Latin America, that's ahead of plan. In Asia, we're really just -- we're just launching. It was just the first quarter in India. I think we're just closing now the ESPN STAR transaction, so I don't -- so we really haven't even -- I don't actually think we've closed it yet. So that is closing. I think the initial results of India, we feel good about. We're very much in line with our expectations. Sports in Europe and the SKY platforms continue to be a critical part of that business. In places like Germany, we launched the sports news channel a year ago. That's been a real success for us, the key rights we've acquired have certainly been an important part of building a platform like that. And I think as we look at the SKY businesses, we think those sports have been critical to their growth and continue to really deliver what we expect. And I think we look for new opportunities. I think we announced the deal to take the Dutch football rights, that deal is still awaiting approval. But again, I think it's a transaction that would give us an ability to take those sports rights, including a broad package of programming and really drive all our channels forward. Where we've had a chance to execute on that around the world, it's certainly, I think is very much delivering what we expected or more, again a place like Latin America is probably the one that at least has a year under its belt. The other -- the SKY platforms have actually been at it for a while, and certainly it's been critical to their success and growth in the U.K., in Germany, in Italy.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, I think there is no question that you are seeing a sort of an ongoing change in how people view this content. I think it makes -- I think the content viewership is actually stronger than it's ever been. In some ways, it’s stronger than it's ever been. And I think the ability to access content when you want, where you want, multiple platforms, out of the home, in the home, makes this content more valuable. But the fact of the matter is people are watching in a lot of different places, not just linear networks. Linear networks, I still think, are going to be tremendously important launching pads for the product, but people are watching it on DVRs and digital platforms and on VOD on -- inside the home, as I said outside the home. And I think we need to continue to work with Nielsen and others to figure out how do we first measure that viewership. Clearly, parts of it like VOD after 3 days or mobile platforms aren't being measured. We need to get it measured. We need to make sure we continue to find ways to make sure we're getting I think the dual revenue stream obviously becomes increasingly important. TV Everywhere becomes a part of that to make sure you've got business, you've got abilities to get rewarded for that viewership wherever it is. Some of it's going be through subscription-based payments, some of it's going to be through [indiscernible] advertising. We need to do both. We need to make sure we find ways to continue to maximize the value of that through things like dynamic ad insertion, to make advertising more valuable. I think all of these are really opportunities for us to continue to make -- to continue to grow this business. Again, I think this actually is a real opportunity, if this content gets more valuable, more popular, more important. But we need to make sure we continue to grow the business model that enable us to get rewarded for creating and distributing great content.
Chase Carey: No, I think we take a realistic view of what we think will happen. As I said, we recognize we're below our expectations certainly in the fall, both through entertainment and the World Series. I think we're realistic about that. We've got some things coming, but I think it's a realistic set of assumptions about where we'll be.
Chase Carey: Yes, it just happens the first -- not the first film, I think it's the second film, but it's like released early July so you got all the P&A in front and you got the release right behind it where we capture everything on a first dollar basis. So it's just the reality the way the accounting in our year end works.
Chase Carey: Okay. Long ago, I learned not to comment on Rupert's tweets but -- yes, on the Film business, there isn't a shift in -- there's not a shift in strategy and direction. You don’t say a lot about change, but I think these businesses at times, it's stuff -- for both sides, it's the right thing to sort give it some fresh perspectives and I think change. Stability's good and as times change, it's good for both. And -- but I think it's really continuing where we've been. For DreamWorks, we can see -- we think that product is great event product and great worldwide product. We clearly have -- we think a uniquely strong global distribution operation, it enables us to create incremental value out of that. And I think this is a business that really benefits from having a broad set of hit products, and we can make some money off it. So it's not -- I don't think it's not that -- it's not rocket science. I think why we -- what we look to get out of it is make some real profits and have some hit films that we think can really strengthen our business. And we value the relationship with DreamWorks and look forward to working with them. I'm not going to get too deep into all the rumors on what we're buying or what we're looking at. We always seem to be the topic of the day when it comes to rumor of some transaction. We were quite clear on a couple of them of where we are. I think that -- I think those comments on some of the label -- one of the ones you mentioned speaks for itself. The reality is, a lot of times what we're associated with just as true, they’re sometimes kicking the tires on things. Obviously, we should look at some things. But I am not going to get into commenting transaction by transaction, rumor by rumor.
Chase Carey: No. I mean, there's really not a lot to add to what I just said. We're not -- yes, I agree with you, we are -- there is a daily rumor. And I don't think we're really practically commenting on the daily rumors. So as I said, a lot of them are not true. They're a lot -- the places where we think we should kick the tires on things, and like our places where we think we can add something that makes sense for us. But our focus is really on building or growing our businesses.
Chase Carey: Well, I mean, I do think business has changed. I mean, I guess, look, one of the things I cited that is important to deal with the world we're in is making sure you're building dual revenue businesses that are not solely dependent on advertising. They have the other leg of subscription revenues. And certainly, our growth of retransmission speaks to it. So I think there are aspects to it. We actually today are monetizing our digital viewership in ways we weren't a year ago, so we're doing some of that. We are working with Nielsen, as you said, to continue to expand the measurement tools. Things like TV Everywhere, as our transactions come up, I think are ways for us to create, and we're putting that I've said before and we're probably still say -- we're somewhat frustrated by the speed or the lack thereof of growth and implementation and execution of TV Everywhere. But certainly it's moving forward, and I think that's important as a business model. Hulu, we're taking, we're taking Hulu Plus, which is a way to monetize and sort of create revenues for accessing content to mobile platforms. So I actually do think we're doing things. We're not -- we've got a lot more to do and clearly a lot of opportunities that we still have to develop. But -- and we're not where we should be on some things like TV Everywhere. So I'll acknowledge it's -- there's work to do. But I think we've got a lot going on, and I think we've made real headway on a number of fronts.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean obviously, dynamic ad insertions, we certainly see -- we can't do alone. You need -- I think everybody recognizes the opportunity inherent in it. There certainly are efforts trying -- in place to try to start to develop it, and I think everybody, again, would like to see it evolve. Yes, it's part of a broader set of discussions, but everything's sort of intertwined. And I think that one, that one I think is a win-win for all. And hopefully, we can help find ways to move it forward.
Chase Carey: In terms of retransmission, our goal and our -- what we've done to date is to try to keep agreements shorter rather than longer, they're all about a year agreements, obviously. But we would prefer and we've strived to keep the agreements short. We believe content is increasingly important, and we'd rather be able to continue to have the flexibility to get rewarded for being successful in creating great content or franchises of brands. So that's -- directionally, that's where we've tried to go and that's where we look to go and that's where we've been successful to date going. Compared to the Latin America, I'm not going to probably -- or I don't think it's ever the right thing to say, speculate on individual franchises before they're there. I think we evaluate an array of them. Yes, I think the backbones to those -- the backbones to those channels have been probably more regular season sporting events. But I think if we can strike the right deals and right places, we'd certainly look at it. But we don't have a deal -- we don't have any arrangement with the Olympics today down there. And that's -- again, we'll see where the world takes us. But we like the properties we've got in Latin America. We're ahead of -- we're significantly ahead of our plans, and I think we'll continue to focus on the path we're on. But not how do I get down the road and speculate on individual rights we don't have today.
Chase Carey: Yes, look, I think it's -- and I've said it before, so I mean again, I mean I -- we have -- we feel good about the retransmission revenue stream we've built. But the reality is I don't think on any competitive basis, if you look at all the other channels out there, there's no question we're not getting rewarded comparatively for the value of the FOX Network. And I think we've taken a real step forward. We said we're looking to get what we think is something the market could manage and moves us in the right direction. But it certainly is not competitively comparable to what other channels get given the breadth and importance of the programming that exists on the FOX Network.
Chase Carey: Yes. I guess that, a couple of comments, one, we're in the process of completing just the acquisition in Australia, that alone is a $2 billion acquisition. So that is obviously on the short term.
Chase Carey: Yes. And so we've got events in place. That being said, I think we said before, we recognize to get us to where I said, which was $2 billion to $3 billion of cash and up to 2.5x leverage. So I'm saying again clearly, there are events that are on the short term, very short-term horizon against that $12 million. I don't want to get to -- I mean, again, more recently, what we said with the split coming, we don't want to -- I don't want to get too far down the road ahead of having those 2 companies in place, the balance sheet establishes in place for each that enables each to come out with an appropriate picture. Obviously, we're splitting the businesses because they're going to be business with different profiles and different needs. And I think until we get there, I think it's probably better for us to describe where we go from there once those things are achieved. And I think that would include dividend statement. I mean I think the dividends should be a part of the mix of our discussions. They have been with buybacks. I think we've said with our stock and our value, I think had flipped at buybacks is a better path to returning cash to shareholders than dividends. But they should be a part of the conversation. But I think before we -- but I think that with the split becoming more and more imminent, I think it's more preferable for us to get the split and have the discipline to get the split on and then address where we go from there with the 2 separate balance sheets.
Chase Carey: No, I think our agreement -- I don't know the exact time. It's reasonably soon. It's not over yet, but it's reasonably soon, and I think we'd look for opportunities to do things that make sense. So we've had discussions, and I think we'd look to be opportunistic.
Chase Carey: Well, strip out the Olympics, I mean, it's sort of I can strip out -- it's easier to identify political. So I do think for calendar Q3, clearly the Olympic, I mean stripping out politicals, the Olympics, a lot of the money in that period got stuffed into the Olympics. Again, that would be a more subjective valuation, and I probably not do it, but it's just a fact. I think in looking at calendar Q4, yes, I mean we're halfway through calendar. So as we start looking at what we're seeing today, it's not -- this is not a sort of, yes, some of it's assumptions on what will happen. As I said, you got a pretty short-term time horizons towards this. But we get reasonably -- certainly, we have a level of visibility to a quarter that we're close to the middle of where they are. And I'm not saying that this quarter is rocking and rolling. I mean I think the quarter's a bit better than it was last quarter. I mean I think but underlying it, I think you have an economy that clearly has limited visibility. I think a lot of -- I think there is some degree of people waiting for the election year-end sort of what happens as you go by, as you go through some of the events, the fiscal cliff and the like. And so, I think you've got a market that is pretty reserved at this point and pretty cautious and limited visibility. So yes, I think if you try to take the Olympics out of it, I wouldn't say it's a dramatic difference between Q3 and Q4, I'd say Q4 is a bit better. But I think the market’s overall are okay, not great and not bad. But are okay, but with -- I think a fairly cautious view of the world in a pretty short-term view of things.
Chase Carey: No, as I said on the scatter market, we're still getting modest. And on the broadcast side, we're getting a modest premium to the upfront pricing. So -- and again, that continues to be okay. We felt good about the upfront, so we're getting a modest premium. And we're probably getting a better premium in the national cable side, that the mix of channels. But they're channels we're getting double-digit scatter premiums with channels there. So the national cable's a bit stronger than the broadcast -- I mean, national scatter is a bit stronger than the -- national cable scatter's a bit stronger than the broadcast -- national broadcast scatter.
Chase Carey: Yes. I'm really not going to get into that type of precision on margin. I mean your general assumption is right. I mean look, we assumes -- we are on track to have a higher subscriber count than we do today, basically affected the top line. I think we assume the subscriber -- net subscriber -- subscriber growth will be reasonably -- our subscriber level will be reasonably flat for this year. I think with that in place, we need to -- we want to move to deal with both our operating costs and programming costs. Unfortunately there, most of them at programming side agreements are not very long-term and rarely get the cost reset to the revenue base, so we've got a lean business that as the market improves, we can take advantage of it. And I think in some ways, we can take advantage of the fact that while the market is impacting everybody, I think I do really believe our competitive position continues to improve and, in some ways, it's the strongest player in a market where a lot of people are struggling. There should be opportunities for us to take advantage of that intelligently while continuing to improve our financial position.
Chase Carey: No. I mean, obviously we have a lot of programming contracts. They're not -- it's not all one. They're certainly ones that go past next year. They're not -- we have multiyear contracts. We don't have -- we're on long-term contracts. The nature of the business is like the agreement that start earlier in the years. On the soccer rights is we're in the first of 3 years, so there's some that go for a couple of years. There's some that are shorter than that. There aren't a lot of long-term contracts there. But we can certainly make -- I think we can make strides this year, make strides next year.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, we have a large group of channels, and I probably usually put them in a couple of -- in a couple of buckets. I think they're channels that are uniquely strong within -- uniquely strong or with a unique programming. And I think unique programming becomes more important than ever. Again, it's in a fragmented world. And certainly something like Fox News, as we've said before, we've made real headway but I think Fox News continues to be a channel that is as important as any to a segment out there in the marketplace. And we should get fair value for the importance that Fox News has. Sports, we think, becomes increasingly important, and it's important for us to get -- to continue to generate fair value for those sports rights. I think the channels like National Geographic where I think the opportunity for us is really to tap into some things that we've got new management in place. They actually had an event that did really well on Sunday night. But tap into an opportunity to really build that channel to what it can be. And I don't think we have done that. I think we've got some national sports channels that really have been sort below the radar screen, and I think we can -- I think we've got enough breadth and the right franchises to really build them into something that can be special for us. So I think we've got properties. I think we got -- identified strong franchises where we've got to continue to get value, we've got room to do that. We've got channels that aren't taking advantage of -- aren't really probably achieving what we think they can achieve. We've got some channels that we probably have strategically focused on, and we're going to do some things to get value there. And I think channels like FX just continue to get stronger with more distinct program than anybody else in that sector. So, yes, I think it's about a -- it's a matter of getting fair value for unique content. I think we've got great content, great unique content. And probably in many ways, equally citing a number of franchises that haven't really been developed to anything close to their full potential. So that's where the growth comes from.
Todd Juenger: You -- I guess I got 1.5 questions. Until you close the quarter with about $12 billion of cash on the balance sheet, I think, [indiscernible] [Audio Gap] [Technical Difficulty]
Todd Juenger: So I had 1.5 questions, if I could. So about the cash. You ended the quarter with $12 billion of cash in the balance sheet, some of that's in NDS and I think a new note you issued. I know, Chase -- I believe you said before that you'd -- I think you need about $3 billion sort of liquidity at steady state. So I don't know if there's any of the blanks you can fill in between the $12 billion and the $3 billion that you might help us sort of round that out. And the half of question that I'd like to accompany those, just if you could be so kind as to talk about the rule of the dividend in that answer. I think if yielding less than 1% now and, I know you have a preference for buybacks at the share price. But there seems like you could argue you could have room for both and still love to hear your thoughts on that.
Todd Juenger: Okay. It sounds like basically the answer is, other than the identified items, yes, like we've got those, that more become clear after the split.
