Chase Carey: Thanks, Dave, and welcome, everyone. Before I discuss the financial and operational strength reflected in last quarter's results, I want to take a minute to address our issues in the U.K. As we said, we take these issues very seriously, and our Board of Directors and management team remain committed to keeping the company on the right track for the future. And lots of work has already been done toward this end. The select committee report delivered hard true, most of which we openly acknowledge. However, I flatly reject the Rogue Report's notion that Rupert is unfit to run a major media company. That's unjustified and in many people's opinion, including my own, a purely partisan findings. Rupert has taken great business risks, especially in the U.K., where he's led News Corp.'s heavy investment, building Sky, creating great confident choice to 10 million homes, and creating 19,000 jobs. We invested in The Times and The Sunday Times titles that were nearly out of business before Rupert made the decision to save them. He's one of the smartest, most forward thinking executives of our time and both the board and I rebuff any notion that he is unfit to run this company.  With that said, let's focus on the quarter. As Dave said, our overall performance in the third quarter illustrates we're executing on plan to achieve our objectives of not just building but really bolstering our global content in Channels business. Our Channels business is a growth business, still in its evolution and we're committed to investing in content to strengthen our leadership position. We're not merely going to focus on squeezing the margins. We want to truly lead and to do so we're going to invest today for big returns tomorrow. Examples of this include our investment in the UFC, the Ultimate Fighting Championships, our spend in original productions and our renewed commitment to acquire more movies for our FX franchise, and overseas, in India, our recent investment in BCCI, the cricket rights. I believe firmly that these rights will add a whole new dimension to STAR's business. Other examples of investing in content includes the moves we've made at National Geographic Channel, where the new management team we've installed has boosted ratings and profits, with ratings up 40% year-on-year, driven by a great slate of new programming.  In August, we're launching our Spanish language -- U.S. Spanish-language network, MundoFox, already on target to reach 75% of all U.S. Hispanic homes. The demand is driven by one thing, great programming and stations believe that we fully understand how to use content to attract a highly valued, highly sought-after segment of the U.S. population.  Additionally, we're devoting capital to further boost our TV libraries, with such breakout hits as Homeland, New Girl and American Horror Story. Simply put, if we have the right content then we not only maintain the value of the bundle, we can grow it. In today's diversified world of global media choices, we know that having superior programming is a must, and that's a cornerstone of our growth strategy and a key to delivering real returns to our shareholders. We're also making progress in addressing our almost $15 billion in off-balance sheet businesses. In some cases, like Latin American Sports, we're buying out partners to take control. In others, you'll see us divesting, monetizing assets that don't support our strategy of growing our content and channels business. NDS is an example of this, where we've agreed to divest our 49% interest. Great company, but not one that fits into our overall long-term plans.  I know you're interested in what we're seeing in the ad market, on national broadcast scatter, we're seeing solid market current pricing of low to mid-teens above last year's upfront, and June quarter cancellations were in line with historical averages.  On the Cable front, current scatter is healthy with entertainment scatter up midteens. On the local side, the markets are a bit softer, and we're seeing a mixed pacing with heavy auto spending offset by declines in other categories.  In closing, before I move to questions, I want to comment on our additional commitment to another $5 billion buyback on top of our previous $5 billion pledge. This buyback is yet another illustration of our deep commitment to our shareholders to maximize value by achieving our capital deployment objectives. We believe that these kind of commitments, along with the growth and success of our core operations, will continue to ensure the long-term strength of the company.  And now we will take questions. Thank you very much.
Chase Carey: Yes, I guess, I mean, domestically, I mean, I guess, it's really true around the world. I mean, I think those Channels businesses, like you said, we feel great about them. And they're pretty much on track on all steady front you want to look at it, I think, certainly, from the U.S. pretty much right on course. I think, we've talked, take, FOX News, I think, what we -- I think, essentially, by the end of this calendar year we're in, probably about half of FOX Universal will be up for renewal. Obviously, that's the immediate focus, but that's the lead path to come. So clearly, we're working through those cycles. Other channels, again, continue to come through. I've talked before, and I still continue to believe, we've got real room to grow there. Again, just whether it's based on 2 matters, strength in the case of something like FOX News, which again is a uniquely strong and important channel and, therefore, that's why we're capitalizing there. Channels that I still don't think competitively, whether we can or should, which should be FX, which I think is really carved itself as a true leader in the entertainment space and, clearly, it has a lot of room to grow and it looks at peers it competes with and I think it's a channel that just gets stronger as it goes. Or a channel like National Geographic, that touched on, that clearly, again, when you look at some of the players in that segment has a lot of room to grow competitively. So, I think for us, and then actually stuff like Ichea [ph] as I said, one of the attractions is, if we can grow, we're not adding -- if we can sort of drive the affiliate rates to more competitive place and take advantage of the growth in the advertising side by getting ratings to where they are in Nat Geo. We've made some strides but, clearly, channels like that, I think we're even close to it than where we can be or should be. I think the international business, we believe, we have the unique position of leadership and we should lead the market. And it is why you see us continue to make investments into that market, whether it's BCCI in India or sports in Latin America or just general rights that we've acquired like we did with Atacha [ph] a couple of months ago. And I think we're very excited by potential of that market. That market, other than, certainly, I can go to that southern segment in Europe, clearly has headwinds, certainly from -- look at those from those big developing regions of Latin America and Asia. And we think there are truly exciting opportunities, we think we have unique brands, unique strengths, unique content, unique expertise. And we think with the position leadership we could -- we should capitalize on. I'm not going to get into what are the new rates, but clearly we believe we should be a market leader. The market leader in those international markets.
Chase Carey: I'm not going to get to projecting, just give a specific growth rates in those markets. We feel great about these business. They are on track. If fairly marketed, we expect to be leading these markets.
Chase Carey: I mean we're today we're investing, it's more investing and building it, I mean it's not, I think, at this point, that is the focus we made and acquisition is foundation. But our investments -- we are investing in education, but it's investing in building the business, which really means we are essentially as with any business you are starting-- with building it's losses you're taking as you're building the business up. Maybe it's a small acquisitions that you tag on. But again the primary investment is building the business, our primary investment today is building the business. I think touched on the side, I said last call, I think this year $75 million to $100 million investment, which is really a loss for bookings that investment in building the education business.
Chase Carey: And on the National Sports, obviously ,with some of the press-- I guess I'd say the press rally was a bit over blown. Look, the reality is that we are in the National Sports business. Today, we have channels, we have Speed, we have FOX Soccer we have FUEL. We have, there are more syndicated sports and I guess we always do, we're looking and we have to get big sports business in the regional side, I think. So we have some national franchises, regional franchises and, I guess, still we're looking at ways what's the most intelligent ways to maximize the value and the opportunities inherent in it. I think that there are great people connected at ESPN they could just probably, again, more of a media having fun, ESPN see these business. We like sports plays that we can do things that make sense to add dimensions to our Sports business, we would, but I think it's much more focused on the franchise that we have and how do we maximize the value and the potential of those businesses.
Chase Carey: I think it's always changed, give me a couple years, it always changed a bit. I mean, yes, I think there's pros and cons, to me it's how you -- I think they're still a place for them. But obviously, sports channel with multiple sports, probably has a bit more potential to because of the nature of it to just touch a few more people and bring in more of the marginal fans, so I mean, obviously, you have to be able to program it intelligently and to be able to make sense to that. And I think we have we don't have any plans so, today, I think what I've said is, we're evaluating things. And if there's something that makes sense, then we do it. If there isn't -- so if we like the business, yes. but I think this would only be simply -- we saw there's something to add, add dimension to it and we certainly explore it if not we like the businesses we have and we can certainly take them forward. So, yes, maybe there's a role for both. But I don't think -- I wouldn't say there's a dramatic shift, I think there's -- but I think there's a role for both.
Chase Carey: [indiscernible] I mean, I know it's going to be down year-on-year, against it's ratings. You got some headwinds and the economy in Italy that Dave touched on, those 2 items are sort of at a level that is unique but they're always-- it's a tough business as you go across this and there'll be other items.
Chase Carey: No, actually I think, I mean first, I think, and I think I've actually said it on prior earnings calls that I think we should be with these off-balance sheet businesses moving to either own or operate or monetize. Now, I've always qualified that by saying we don't want to put time frames to it or create pressures that don't let us maximize value. The businesses we're in that we're quite comfortable with where we're at. So I think it is an objective, but I call it a very -- it's an objective and a goal without a specific timeframe or target to it. I think and particularly for businesses that we feel -- this is what we do, we like where we are and we may well be there for a while. But I think we have been more explicit where we've been historically of saying we think the right place to be is to own and operate or monetize. So there'll be a lot of issues that you don't -- you don't execute it as a short term.
Chase Carey: Well I guess on the ratings, I would say, I wouldn't -- I guess getting any relative set backs so I guess if you took-- and there's different types of digital distribution. And take that -- I guess take something like Hulu, which can be concurrent, and there's no question you get some viewership whether it's DVRs or catch-up, there's more viewership and more streams of an episode in television I don't -- so I think the places people are finding shows again the biggest thing that could be DVRs but clearly people finding viewership in other places. The core channels, don't know what you're talking about it, and particularly, the Netflix issue and the like, it's I mean it impacts on channels. I wouldn't say so. In some places we're looking to buy. We buy film packages today where traditionally essentially buying the digital rights, so if they are SOD [ph] rights attached to a film, we're trying to capture those. And I think the channel you probably want to continue to own the broadest set of rights you can so that there are digital rights to exploit -- you're exploiting them. So in some ways like FOX Network, but if a Fox Network show gets shown on Hulu they're capturing the ad dollars so it becomes, I think, in many ways if you look out over time, you're going to have shows premier, live on the network but in many ways people, some are going to be view live when it's showing in the networks, some are going to be view it in DVRs, some are going to view it on a various forms of electronic media, whether it's to TV Everywhere or through a service like Hulu. But for us, what we're trying to do is capture as much of that viewership and the value of that viewership in the right way. So I don't actually view that as a dilution of viewership, I think that the reality is people finding it in different places and us making sure we're capturing the value of ad content-- controlling the rights that are right, capturing that value, capturing that value with that viewership, if it cuts costs, that's great. It's different when you get into probably things that are library services in terms of what type of what rights do you own and do you own rights that -- if you own the breadth of rights you want so people aren't finding alternatives through digital media. And, again, that's why something like FX, we're buying movie rights to not create -- this quarter, I mean, clearly it's growing, I don't know, to be that precise but we're probably, this year, in this quarter, we are probably up $25 million to $30 million from a year ago in the digital packages.
Chase Carey: I'll come back, I'm not sure followed your Idol question, but I'll come back to it. On retrans, not sure that was, I'm not sure it was, I guess, it is about double this year. The affiliates side of it, which I think was the heart of your question, retrans is where we are in the affiliate sort of side of the retrans that are sort of essentially payments for the retrans, for the affiliation rights. And that clearly behind where we are in retrans. It really is something that we have some but it won't -- it is going to pick up a lot. I think the vast majority of our we have this significant portion, I think it's probably about -- i think, what is it? About half the, I think, this by the end of the year about half the affiliate body will go through an affiliate renewal that enables us to put in place a structure that recognizes the value of our programming. And I think by the end of the following year, we get up sort of closer to 70% to 80%. So we've had some, it's been small, it's probably that is a bit of a tail behind the core retrans we've done through the ONOs and it will pick up a lot. So, I think, between now and year-end, a lot comes through and then there's another block in the year that follows. So in the next 6, 12 to 18 months, the majority of the affiliate body will roll into agreements that help recognize the value of the programming we put forward and it will be a pretty sizable chunk that comes in this calendar year. On Idol, I didn't understand...
Chase Carey: I mean Idol, didn't -- I think I did say the last quarter, Idol didn't perform what we hoped this year. But realistically, before sort of jump on it, it is, I think, even with the Super Bowl, it just has with Voice and Super Bowl package, the Idol just past The Voice to go back to being the #1 show this year. It's a big profitable #1 show. It was down more than we would've liked this year. But it's a big valuable franchise and makes a lot of money. We certainly think we've got a lot of life left in it and I think our challenge is for next year is to put some fresh energy and I think we did well a year ago, probably not well enough this past year to find ways, then probably learned a bit that as show and clearly it's finishing whatever its 11th year or something -- but probably to make sure, each year, we're adding enough to it. So I think there was a year ago with the changes in the judges and the like, and I think some people running the show who came back with a lot of pressures to the fresh feel, probably didn't do enough this year and that's probably the lesson. So I think we need to find and make sure we, next year, give that show enough energy and excitement to sustain it. Now the reality is, yes, it's an 11-year-old show. But the reality is, it's the #1 show in television, it makes a lot of money and it is certainly, we look at as we go into next year, the centerpiece for the network and we're excited about the potential of it. And I think we will be negotiating with advertisers about it.
Chase Carey: Really, in all honesty, we've seen nothing. And I can't imagine, I guess I'd be shocked if there was, I mean, I'm certainly seeing nothing today.
Chase Carey: Yes, we feel very good about where we are in affiliation. I guess I've always felt that kind of look at on a quarterly basis is not the greatest practice, I mean, because the renewals you can end up with, we're right on track so I'm not trying to detract from it but I'm not going to break down channel by channel, how does it fall out and clearly renewals. In fact, we've said in the past we've had historically sort of in 10% plus getting low double digit in affiliate growth than we usually look out it over -- as we look at it over as the next few years and we continue to be confident and I feel confident about that growth, it's about the mix of channels there. But I'm not going -- we're not going to break of the channels down. I think that said, there are channels that obviously has bigger growth. I talked about FOX News and the fact we see unique strength and we see unique value and were going -- that's it, we're going to renew half the channel between now and half now and the year-end. So there's certainly that's a meaningful part of it but, you know, the company CapEx is doing great as well. But I think, in general, again, this is one you really ought to look at over a bit longer time period it takes some of the bumps that can go in and out in the quarter, and out of it.
Chase Carey: I mean that's what we've done, so it's not all renewing. Essentially, in this recent cycle, again, we've renewed and will renew about half by the end of calendar year.
Chase Carey: I think the question was on the bundle, so I guess that we can follow up and I would assume everybody's on the call to but we apologize unfortunately somebody stepped on the wrong switch on one of those extension cords. I guess, 2 responses to the bundle. I mean first from our perspective, I mean we're going to get competitively what we think is fair price for our content. And expect the only way we can run this business is to get our fair share. So that is our job and that's what we're going to do and if we do a good job and create channel for that real value, we should get a what is our fair competitive rate for our channel. I think in terms of what pressure does that create on larger bundles, I mean, so OSI [ph] is not going to subsidize it but I think we keep our eyes -- we're aware of the discussion, aware of the issue. If you think still to date it is an issue that really you don't see in the core business. I think the value of this bundle is set on and it is getting sales one that is tremendously for people [indiscernible] lose sight of it, there are two sides to the price of this bundle. I mean it's not -- there's the content and channel side and the distribution side, you're right, I used to sit on that side of it. The one thing I know from sitting on that side of it is there are big profitable business is over there so this is not about somehow you've got somebody on one side of and the other that can't afford to go outside, I understand people have pressures and we want this be healthy for everybody. But this is a good business model for both. I think that's one of the reasons why we believe TV Everywhere is an important solution to -- because one of the ways to deal with the cost is to make sure we keep making experience better and richer and a customer gets new things, able want to find content on new devices and the like, and I think it's important that we do enrich that experience and make sure-- the customers always rather pay less but at least for what-- to the degree that we -- I think one of our challenges is to make sure we continue to make that experience better and better for them by enriching this. But actually I do still think it's pretty good value. So not immune to it, and I think we'll continue to sort of do what we can to address it. I do think TV Everywhere is the primary initiative through which we would try and address it by again adding value to it as the cost goes up. But I think the power and importance and, ultimately, really the value of this bundle given the time people spend with it, making it a really good and important proposition for consumers.
Chase Carey: I'm going to say I mean the off-balance sheet, but I don't -- I'm not sure the off-balance sheet part of it focus on. I mean, I think for us it is, I think, the focus is really how do we continue to develop that as a digital franchise that enables us to add dimensions to the content and channels businesses we have. I think it is, as I said before, it's a reason we did put forward with the sale of the business is there's no question, these digital platforms are going to be a driving force in our business going forward, real opportunities. If we can manage it properly, and I think that's the focus is we need to make sure we have rules and discipline by how we deal with it and what we put in there and what terms. That it could be a real -- I mean there's real opportunity to add a whole a new dimension to our business and something that enriches the whole, both on a content and the networks perspective. That's where the focus, not anything in terms of the balance sheet interest.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean I think in Italy, I'm not a historian, but I think what has changed is clearly the Italian economy is going through an incredibly -- the Italian population is going through an incredibly difficult time that has people obviously concerned about the future with -- and I think probably unique in decades. Again, I can't say as I'm not an economic historian but I think this is probably one of the most challenging periods of time the Italian economy has faced in decades. And it really started last year, probably really started to manifest itself in our business in the beginning of this year. But there's the question, consumers are deeply concerned about the short-term future in Italy. What are these various austerity measures and the like, I guess the issues we all hear and read about that are affecting particularly Southern Europe are having an impact. And I think there are people that are -- have a lot of uncertainty about what the future is going to look like. I mean, we believe in the long-term future of this business. We're very confident, I mean, actually competitively, I'd probably say, we're stronger than we've ever been. I mean I think we had -- a few years ago, we had a platform from MediaSet that service launched that competes with us. I think we've actually done a really good job in competing back, and the quality of services is better than ever. But we're going to have to ride through a pretty tough upgrade update, very tough economic period as Italy finds its footing. And I think they have that -- you have to get to a place where the population there has some visibility or understanding on what the future is going to be. And what it think while you're going through this period of austerity with new leaders and policies being debated and election changes and the like, people are sort of hunkering down in trying to again wait for some visibility to what's there. But I think competitive -- the power of this product we feel great about, I think that the strength of this business competitively, we don't have a cable business we compete with, but -- and so I think we are excited about the long-term. But I think we recognize we have tough period ahead of us in the short-term.
Chase Carey: Again, just as I probably, just clarify what was said. I think I know what you were talking about, I mean, I was asked was I aware, was I aware that there was investor interest in us potentially spinning off the Publishing businesses and my answer was, yes, I was aware there was investor interest and us doing so and in my responses we take that seriously. As we should both as management and board, we discussed that and other strategic options. As I said, and it would still be true today, we don't have plans to do to do-- you know we don't have plans do that. Our focus is on getting these businesses, I mean, obviously, we still have some headwinds and they talk about the challenge Publishing business in this quarter. Getting those business is in place. We've got new management teams that are got a good plan in place to drive them forward. So our focus is improving those businesses but we're aware of the issue and we appropriately discuss it in a focus on other things that we are appropriately should discuss as a board and a management team.
Chase Carey: Let me be clear first, we are not reserving an option there today. I think we said I've said in the last couple of calls, we are not expecting any sort of the short to medium term to be doing anything other than maintaining our interest in BSkyB. So we're not managing, we're sort of going to go forward, assuming we're not doing that. So it's a perception somehow we're taking actions that have that in the planning process. That's not the case. In terms of owning it, again, I probably some of this is what I said before. We're not to put timeframes to it. We like that investment. We like that business. Obviously, we tried to buy that business. So it's an indication of our commitment to and belief in that business, you got a great management team that does a great job. We've sat with it's stake now for 20 years, so clearly we have waited for a long time. We're not going to put time frames to when we may or may not, I recognize the statement not backtracking on this statement, we rather own and control or monetize but equally we'll reemphasize the statement I made that there's no timeframes to that. And the different assets in different businesses, we may end up saying those are positions that for reasons override the desire to monetize their own and we'll finally stay the course. We've been comfortable staying the course with BSkyB, in for a long time here, and I think that's where we are today. So our focus on BSkyB is going to be to continue to be a shareholder that helps it to fulfill its potential, proud of what that company's built and excited about its future.
Chase Carey: We -- I don't know, right now I don't know all the stations for subset stations. I mean, I do know the cycle. There's a cycle you go through that is up over multiyear, how long -- Dave thinks it's every 10 years. I don't actually know what it is but I know it's not 1 or 2. But you go through a renewal process we went though and I guess it's part of that process we went through and there are corporate steps, discovered we had the issue and address it. I think -- I think that.
David F. DeVoe: You are right with respect -- I think the gross leverage at 2x to 2.5x is basically, is probably a reasonable leverage for us and if you would strip out all the cash we get, I think everything you said is correct. And I think we just opportunistically going to have a look at how we access our -- how we utilizer our capital.
David F. DeVoe: Europe? [indiscernible] The OI basically will be stripped out News of the World but have be flat for the quarter. That's certainly not representative of as to where we think the year is going to be, where that segment will be down, I'm not going to give you a number, but it will be down significantly from where it was a year ago.
David F. DeVoe: We had some offsets in the quarter -- you had reasonably good earnings growth from both Dow Jones and HarperCollins.
David F. DeVoe: Those are the 2 principal items. Obviously, we're a dynamic business, so we've got other small items.
David F. DeVoe: The current plan is to continue to buyback the nonvoting Class A share. And with respect to the foreign ownership, it will be measured time to time and to the extent that we can put back part of the vote, we won't. To the extent we can't, We won't. I mean, it's a point that we have in place to deal with the issue with respect to our television license in the United States.
David F. DeVoe: There's no timeframe on it. To the extent that the shareholding we change is would be more shareholders buying the voting stock and it would allow us to let more of the foreign shareholders vote. But it's a function of that, there's no other plan.
