John Akers: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The fiscal year-to-date results, Chris just shared reflect the continued focus on our vision of being the safest provider of natural gas services.  And supporting that vision of our 4,700 dedicated employees executing our safety and reliability investment strategy and our prudent regulatory and financing strategies. These strategies, combined with a strong portfolio of assets will continue to support our ability to grow earnings per share and dividends 6% to 8% annually through fiscal 2026.  We continue to see robust growth in demand for natural gas in our service territories. During the 12-month period ended June 30, 2022, we added nearly 59,000 new residential customers which represents a 1.8% increase. And during the third quarter of this year, we added 13 new industrial customers that have an expected annual natural gas usage of 5 Bcf when they are fully operational.  Fiscal year-to-date, we have added 28 new industrial customers that have an expected annual natural gas usage of 10 Bcf when they are fully operational. As you heard me say before, on a volumetric basis, that 10 Bcf of annual industrial customer usage is equivalent to adding 170,000 residential customers.  Last month, we released our most recent corporate responsibility and sustainability report, which illustrates our environmental, social and governance strategy focused on reducing our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions and environmental impact from operations in the 5 key areas of operations, fleet, facilities, gas supply and customers.  The report also summarizes the commitments as well as the progress made towards executing that strategy during fiscal 2021 and early fiscal 2022. I wanted to comment on one of the exciting highlights in the corporate responsibility report. That is our Zero Net Energy Homes initiative.  By partnering with local Habitat for Humanity organizations in each of our 8 states, we are providing families with Zero Net Energy Homes that use high-efficiency natural gas appliances, rooftop solar panels and insulation to produce more energy than they consume over the course of the year all in a cost-effective manner.  Again, as you've heard us mention before, we've completed our first Zero Net Energy Home in Evans, Colorado in September of 2021. And during the third quarter of this year, we completed a second Zero Net Energy Home in Taylor, Texas located just north of Austin.  Construction is underway on 3 additional Zero Net Energy Homes in Dallas, one in Jackson, Mississippi, one in Owensboro, Kentucky, and all these are scheduled for completion by November of this year. Additionally, groundbreaking is scheduled later this calendar year for an additional 5 Zero Net Energy homes, one in Dublin, Virginia, one in Colombia, Tennessee and 3 in Lubbock, Texas.  These homes provide families with a comfortable natural gas home that demonstrates the value and vital role natural gas plays in helping customers reduce their carbon footprint in a cost-effective manner.  Our fiscal year performance and participation in community projects such as these as our Zero Net Energy homes, reflect the commitment, dedication, focus and effort of our 4,700 Atmos Energy employees as they see a vital role in our 1,400 communities by safely delivering reliable, efficient and abundant natural gas to homes, businesses and industries to fuel our energy needs now and in the future.  We appreciate your time this morning, and now we'll open the call for questions.
John Akers: Yes. Kody, I'll start off, and then Chris can jump in there. As we've talked about before, a lot of our contracts that we have in place have been refreshed recently with our contractors and our vendors.  A lot of our large projects we do, whether they're on the med tech side or the APT side, our bid projects there. We feel good about how those have been coming in.  As Chris said, we continue to work on our integrity management and compliance projects. We think those are all in good standing. And on the procurement front, we -- as we talked about before, we try to run well ahead to make sure we have enough inventory on hand to complete and stay ahead of our compliance and pipeline replacement work.  Our team tries to keep about a 6-month inventory on hand and may even be looking to push that out towards the 9-month level. We have all the pipe either in the ground or on the ground to complete our 2022 projects.  We have the pipe in the works right now for '23 and are looking for material out into the '24 period. So as you can see, we're taking advantage when we can to make sure we've got the best pricing that our materials are available, and we can continue to move forward at the best and most efficient manner.
John Akers: Yes. Kody, just to finish that off. And again, some of the same things, tools that we had in our toolkit, if you will, as we were entering and coming through the pandemic are still there for us.  We haven't started back a lot of travel. We're going to the most sense of urgency meetings, those sort of things still taking advantage of teams. So everything that we had in our toolkit during the pandemic, we continue to have today as well as I'll just again mention our ability to move projects forward and back because we are not a just-in-time compliance company. We try and run ahead of that. So that gives us some flexibility as well.
John Akers: Yes. Sure. Just before we get into that, again, our service story is extremely blessed. We have exceptional leadership at the city, the state level there, great chambers of commerce, great economic development partners in each of our states. And so we have a well-diversified industrial footprint out there.  For example, in a couple of our divisions, we've seen the addition of hydroponic greenhouse facilities, which are large consumers of natural gas. We've seen the location of the distilling industry, both new facilities and expansion of distilling facilities out there.  We've seen an EV battery manufacturing plant located on our facilities. We've seen concrete and asphalt facilities, expansions of colleges and universities. So as well as some metals, aluminum, steel, smaller plants and then expansions of some existing ones as well.  So as you can see there, it's a variety of everything across the board there, which is good for a local economy. And the thing that comes along with these expansions or new additions, as you know, is the jobs, the amount of jobs that this supports and brings in the community, which means rooftops and commercial load as well.
John Akers: Okay. Yes. There's a lot packed into that question. So let me first start with, we're still reviewing, going through all of the detail that's laid out in the bill.  And as you know, the bill still got a long way to go through the legislative process. And could be altered one way or the other as it makes its way through. But we're going to stay very close to the process and stay close to the details to see what potential upside exist for us out there.  However, I will say it is good to see Senator Manchin's comments that this bill is not arbitrarily shut off abundant fossil fuels, I think, is his quote. Then in a recent article I saw some time from last year, Senator Manchin indicated that natural gas must be included in any clean energy program.  So for me, it's good to see and hear that because it's going to take all forms of energy, right? A diversified energy portfolio, as we've been saying for a long time, including natural gas, our nearly 3 million miles of pipeline infrastructure in our underground storage fields, which we have about 120 Bcf here at Atmos Energy.  All that's going to be required to meet the growing demand going forward. And again, it's good to see that realization, the conversation at that level being taken place because a one-sized energy solution, I don't think provides the security viability and affordability that this country needs to meet the growing energy demand that's out there.  So we look forward to continuing to see how the bill evolves. We think we are a good operator, a prudent operator. As you've seen through our pipeline replacement projects, we tightened up our system, we've got a good environmental strategy out there. So I think we can operate in this legislation, but we're going to continue to monitor and see what the details show as this thing moves forward.
