Kevin Akers: Thank you, Chris. I appreciate that financial update for everybody. Over the last year, we have highlighted the progress we are making in the five key areas of our environmental strategy, which is focused on reducing our carbon footprint and environmental impact in areas of gas supply operations, fleet facilities, and customers. One element of the strategy has been to evaluate opportunities to expand the amount of RNG re-transport across our system to help customers reduce their carbon emissions. During the third quarter, our largest RNG suppliers announced plans to expand and modernize their facilities beginning in early calendar 2022. Once completed their RNG production is expected to grow by approximately one BCF a year. Additionally, an RNG location here in the Dallas Fort Worth area recently indicated they will soon have the ability to add approximately one BCF a year in RNG transport to our system. So currently we have almost seven BCF of RNG on our system. And once these new projects are fully online, we anticipate this to increase to approximately nine BCF or 3% of our distribution sales volumes. I am extremely proud of our gas supply and marketing teams for their continued effort and work to grow opportunities for Atmos Energy customers to utilize RNG. In support of our environmental strategy, we recently joined the low carbon resource initiative in June. This initiative currently has over 45 member companies participating in their five-year initiative to bring industry stakeholders together to accelerate the development and demonstration of low and zero carbon energy technologies through clean energy research and development. We're proud to be a sponsor of the low carbon research initiative, and has worked to identify cost effective, reliable and diverse solutions on the path to a clean energy future. Alongside our goal reducing methane emissions by 50% from 2017 to 2035, and our demonstrated investment in technologies like renewable natural gas and combined heat and power supporting the low carbon research initiative further reinforces our commitment to the environment through a global platform of collaboration and innovation. And as you just heard, the continued successful execution of our strategy and our strong balance sheet position have us well-positioned to continue safely delivering reliable, affordable, efficient, and abundant natural gas to homes, businesses, and industries to fuel our energy needs now and in the future. We'll take this closing opportunity to thank all 4,700 Atmos Energy employees for their exceptional dedication and commitment, providing safe and reliable natural gas service to a 1400 communities and 3.2 million customers. Their efforts continue to be recognized by our customers with an outstanding satisfaction rating for our agents, as well as our service technicians in excess of 98% job well done. I will now turn the call back over to Dan and open it up for questions.
Kevin Akers: It's pretty much the same story. Insoo, I appreciate the question. We continue to talk to all key stakeholders about these opportunities. As you've seen here, we talked about the increases that we just recently observed on our system. We continue to share with them the opportunities we're seeing out there. And we continue to work with our legislators and regulators in Colorado as they're probably the closest to most on putting legislation on the books right now. So I think for us, this fits nicely into our, as I said earlier on our overall environmental strategy and the focus areas that we'll have, we'll keep an eye on these projects as they come to fruition. We'll certainly share those with our regulators and legislators and keep them abreast of the opportunities, but for now that that's been our focus and making sure we get those opportunities available to customers across our system.
Kevin Akers: Ryan short answer is no. At this point, our procurement team does an exceptional job of working with multiple suppliers and vendors, as well as our operations units to make sure we stay ahead of projects, that that's part of our risk management profiles to lay these projects out in front early. So we know what our materials needs are going to be. And then our procurement team goes to work in laying those out, having them stay so we can have access to that material when it's needed. And we also try to keep a significant amount of supply on hand and ready as well. So I think at this point, we're in really good shape. I just checked with our procurement. It's a timely question, checked with our procurement team last week, and I feel like we are in pretty good shape. I know there is some issues around the semiconductor and technology side across the world right now, but we are not seeing any constraints or issues on our supply.
Kevin Akers: I'm not going to speculate Ryan on what could be out there. As I said, we're not seeing or having any supply issues on any material at this point. So, we continue to be in really good shape. And as far as an IT perspective, our team there said they have all the equipment that they need at this point, and we're in good shape going forward.
