Kevin Akers: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our fiscal year performance reflects the continued dedication of our 4,800 Atmos Energy employees in executing our proven safety and reliability investment strategy. Through their commitment, focus and effort, we are modernizing our natural gas distribution, transmission and storage systems while safely providing reliable natural gas service to our 3.4 million customers in 1,400 communities across our eight states.  We continue to experience strong customer growth, driven by robust employment trends, particularly in Texas. For the 12 months ended June 30, we added nearly 64,000 new customers with just over 48,000 of those new customers located here in Texas. And according to the Texas Workforce Commission, the State continued its streak of record employment. For the 12 months ended May 31, the number of employed reached a new record high at nearly 14.4 million, leading the country in number and percentage of jobs added.  Additionally, according to a study by Site Selection Group, the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex is projected to add one million people by 2028 to reach nearly 8.5 million people here in the Metroplex. Industrial demand for natural gas in our service territory also remained strong. During the third quarter, we added 10 new industrial customers with an anticipated annual load of approximately 8 Bcf once they're fully operational.  Fiscal year-to-date, we've added 41 new industrial customers with an anticipated annual load of approximately 16 Bcf once they are fully operational. On a volumetric basis, that 16 Bcf of anticipated load is equivalent to adding nearly 294,000 residential customers. Finally we continued our outreach efforts to energy assistance agencies and customers. During the first nine months of fiscal year, our Customer Advocacy team and customer support agents helped over 55,000 customers receive about $23 million in funding assistance.  Our continued focus on long-term sustainability, combined with executing our proven investment, regulatory and financing strategy has us positioned well for another successful year in fiscal 2023, and reflects the vital role we play in every community, providing safe, reliable and efficient natural gas service to homes, businesses and industries to fuel our energy needs now and in the future. We appreciate your time this morning, and we'll now open the call to questions.
Kevin Akers: Yes, Richard, this is Kevin. I'll start out. We're right on pace with the procedural schedule as it's outlined there. We're still continuing to get data requests. We're responding to those. So at this point, if you look at the procedural schedule, we feel like we're on track to get an order some time toward the end of the calendar year in that December time frame.
Kevin Akers: No. Again, we're still continuing to answer questions at this point. We'll see how we progress over the next few weeks or so. But at this point, again, I think we're on track with the outlined procedural schedule.
Kevin Akers: Yes, Ryan. I think as you think about on a go forward, we certainly had anticipated going into '23, some of the inflationary costs. We knew we were going to have some growth. But if you look at the O&M was driven on a line locating, as Chris mentioned before. I would certainly anticipate that to continue. But I think we've got a good outlook on that now on where we stand on number of locates, type of other O&M expenses. As Chris said, as we move to finalize our '24 plan and look forward from that.
Kevin Akers: Yes. And I think that's the other point, Ryan, here, as our communities, as you've heard us say, are growing, expanding out where we're working with them on timing of their projects, whether they are infrastructure projects or current [indiscernible]. You've got fiber optic projects out there, you've got road relocations, new road construction, that sort of thing going on. Some of this just cycle throughout the full fiscal year period.
Kevin Akers: Yes. I don't know that I would make that kind of direct correlation. I think what Chris was alluding to are some orders for reread, that sort of thing based on bills, but I don't think it's a meaningful percentage of the rest of the overall operational O&M per se.
Chris Forsythe: Yes. Thank you, Rich. We'll start with '23. Again, a lot of the timing is related to the APT and line section work that I referenced just a couple of minutes ago, and again, more of that work was ratable this year in the first half year, the fiscal year primarily compared to last year. It was more concentrated in the fourth quarter. As we look forward into fiscal '24, we're still pulling together that five-year plan that we are looking for opportunities to derisk that a little bit in terms of, on the distribution side. Looking at how we might approach line locate the strategy there, as well as just trying to lock in some longer contracts and some of our service contracts that are third party by design.  And so those are some things that we're looking at to try to mitigate some increases going forward.
Chris Forsythe: Yes. The other thing, too, Ryan, I'll add is that a lot of this timing is just based upon the availability of the contractors to do the work. I've kind of talked about a little bit with APT work last year. We had a lot of work in the fourth quarter because the contractors are on site. They are working with us.  We decided to go ahead and move into the first and second quarter since they're already engaged with us rather than releasing them and have them come back six months later. So we also have to just work around the needs of the system, the timing of the system. It depends on what we might do on construction work on certain segments of the system, which could influence the timing.  I've also referenced service orders. A lot of those are difficult to forecast, but service orders generally related to particularly this last year, more calling into the customer contact center because of high bills, given the higher prices we experienced back in the winter heating season. Difficult to predict that, that will reoccur in the first or second quarter as well as some of our disconnection activities. That's why we manage to a full fiscal year in terms of guidance because some of those operating conditions are difficult to predict, and we're just responding to the needs of the business with an eye towards accomplishing our fiscal earnings per share targets.
Chris Forsythe: Yes, Ryan. The effective tax rate that you see is roughly 11%. That's heavily influenced by the excess of -- the refunds of excess deferred tax liabilities from the TCJA. We're amortizing those over a three to five year period. So that's why we've included in our deck, kind of the marginal effective tax rate of roughly 22.5% to 23.5% per se. So that you have an idea of really what true tax impacts are if you're modeling your O&M or other types of expenses or revenues. But we do anticipate the GAAP effective tax rate to increase as the excess deferred taxes wind down here over the next couple of years and revert back to that more traditional 22% to 23.5%.
