Kevin Akers: Thank you, Chris. As you heard this morning, we have taken several steps to mitigate execution risk in fiscal 2023. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, our procurement team has done an excellent job of sourcing the materials needed to support our capital spending program in fiscal 2023. Our gas supply team has us well positioned for the upcoming heating season. And as Chris noted, our fiscal year 2023 financing costs are known, and we have hedged a significant portion of our financing needs beyond FY 2023. I'm very excited about our direction and long-term sustainability of Atmos Energy. The foundation has been set with a proven safety-driven accompanied with organic growth that yield 6% to 8% fully regulated earnings per share. Commensurate dividend per share growth supported by a strong financial profile. We operate in a diversified and growing jurisdictional footprint that is supportive of our natural gas investment and natural gas infrastructure. 98% of our rate base is situated in six or eight states that have passed legislation in support of energy choice. We have constructive regulatory mechanisms that support the necessary capital investments to modernize our natural gas distribution, transmission and storage systems. We have a long runway of work to support the planned $15 billion in capital spending over the next five years. And as you can see on slide 16 and 17, this spending will support the replacement of 5,000 to 6,000 miles of distribution and transmission pipe or about 6% of our total system. We also plan to replace between 120,000 and 170,000 steel service lines, which is expected to reduce our inventory by approximately 20%. Focusing on long-term sustainability has always been a part of our strategy and is reflected in the vital role we play in every community. That is delivering safe, reliable and efficient natural gas to homes, businesses and industries to fuel our energy needs now and in the future. We appreciate your time this morning, and now we'll open the call for questions.
Kevin Akers: Yes, we continue to have conversations with our contractors and service providers as well. Right now, I think we're well positioned. I don't want to try and peer into a crystal ball to see what's out there. But again, we're very comfortable with what we have into our plan. As it sits today, the conversations we're having with our contractors, vendors, suppliers on cost as they see them going forward and that we've accurately captured those at this point.
Kevin Akers: Thank you. Obviously, the existing housing market with the increased interest rates, we see some slowdown across our service territory for that. But the new home market, according to our builders, our developers, our folks on the ground across our service territories and the feedback we're getting has been less of an impact, if you will, than the existing home market. Even though we anticipate some decrease as we head into the first part of the year, some of that giving just a winter time period itself, some of that being an impact from the inflation. But what we're being told is there is a significant backlog of homes under construction today with approved buyers that have already locked in interest rates out there. And just to give you some example here, according to Texas Workforce Commission, just a couple of months ago, some of the data they're putting out, the Metroplex in particular, is experiencing pre-pandemic job growth with new hires exceeding 100,000 annually. The Austin area as well is seeing about 40,000 annual job growth. Unemployment in our service territories continues to remain low. And again, our builders and developers have a backlog of folks wanting qualified and ready to purchase homes. So good news to hear that our service territory, even with the inflationary environment we're currently in, continue to see strong job growth, strong economic growth. And our builders and developers are able to keep up with that demand. 
Kevin Akers: Yes, I'll start. Again, it all begins first with our gas supply team and their ability to go out and get reliable, securable supply. And I think, Dan, for us, if you look at the major components of the bill, that's the commodity portion. You look at what's driving that upstream today. You're currently just short of 800 total rigs working in the U.S. today, about half of that over in the Permian. You look at where we sit today at Waha, it's $2 and some change. Right now, the forward look on that April out is in the $2 range. Even on the NYMEX, you look forward, there's a four handle out there. So all to say, I think the outlook in current conditions as we kind of work ourselves through this heating season forward. looks good for the commodity price to mitigate some as well on the customer bill. The other thing that I think is important for us to think about when it comes to affordability out there are the actions that our team, our public affairs team and our local corporate communications team do day in and day out at the state level and the federal level, advocating for light heat [ph] funding and state funding for energy assistance agencies out there. And just to give you an example, this year, our team was able to help almost 70,000 customers gain access to $34 million. So there's a lot of components that go into it. It's being able to secure reliable gas at a reasonable price. It's the ability to get customers the help when they need it. It's also the messaging to customers about what we're seeing. We released now three communications to our customers advising them of ways they can conserve on their energy bill as well. 
Kevin Akers: Yes, we'll let the NTSB report standby itself. We're not going to comment on the NTSB report. We are a party to the investigation. We work closely with them and other parties to the investigation. I'll point you to our operational and report as well that's filed with NTSB, it outlines all of our safety initiatives, findings as well. 
Kevin Akers: Yes. Again, Julien, I'll start, and Chris can add any comments. If you look at our mechanisms, most of our mechanisms are annual in nature. So they're on prescribed time lines, filing dates, orders on the back end of those sort of things. Those are prescribed. We're going to continue to follow those. Our projects are well laid out as you've seen. You hope for a long time now and how we like to go through planning our fiscal year and then the subsequent four years after that to get to our five-year plans. The only thing that's moving forward or backward is our safety and reliability investments depending on what we see from a need, a growth need, a compliance need, a safety need, those sort of things are levers for us to move things forward or backward to meet the growing demand on our customer system or safety on our system. 
Christopher Forsythe: Yes. The only other thing that Kevin, I would add is, and Rich, you've heard us talk about this before the last couple of years in terms of levers. We are -- a lot of this O&M spending or virtually all of it is focused on safety, maintenance and compliance. And so we have the opportunity to continue to expand those types of activities. There is a little bit of inflation in the numbers, as Kevin alluded to, but we are not a just-in-time safety or compliance company. So, we're looking forward in 2023 to kind of staying ahead of the curve, if you will, on those type of activities. So if there is, in fact, a need to pull in a lever, as Kevin alluded to, again, we have that opportunity. So that's really what's driving it. There is really no -- anything new or different in the underlying activities. We're just seeing higher activities across the entire system, as Kevin mentioned. Line locating, we continue to do, enhanced leak survey activities, but we're also seeing a little bit of cost increases through inflation as well.
Christopher Forsythe: Yes, Richard, we're obviously in close contact with the Texas financing authority. There's a lot of questions that we and all the participating utilities are having and the process is moving along as quickly as they can. And I said within the next few months -- so we were hoping before the end of the calendar year to potentially slip into early 2023. But again, we're working diligently alongside our other participating utilities and the TPFA to get this wrapped up as quickly as possible.
Christopher Forsythe: Sure. Yes. Gabe, all the credit goes to -- Dan is here, his treasury team for locking in those rates, and we had the opportunity. We continue to look for opportunities to hedge interest rates. Obviously, in a rising price environment right now -- or rate environment, excuse me, it's challenging, but it's something that we will continue to look at, certainly month in and month out, as we continue to watch where the Fed is going with rate increases. With respect to the corporate minimum tax that cash need and therefore, the related financing is already assumed in the current five-year plan. We're expecting that tax to hit sometime in the next four to five years. The size of the impact is still a little bit TBD as we look at where the final rules around depreciation, how repairs are handled, that type of thing. But we have made some assumptions in that plan and it's reflected in our financing needs. 
Christopher Forsythe: Yes, in fiscal 2022, we were, I've got to say, a very minimal cash taxpayer, both from a federal and state perspective, very low double digits. We anticipate that to be similar for fiscal 2023 through 2025. And I said 2026, 2027, that's when we expect in that four to five-year period when the ANT [ph] will kick in. 
Christopher Forsythe: I think it's pretty well said, Kevin. And just as a reminder, too, a securitization of this nature, I think, is new for the state. And so they're just making sure all the and -- all the Is are dotted and all the Ts are crossed.
Christopher Forsythe: Yes, and the one thing, Julien, I want to add to that, too, is that with our -- the regulatory strategy, the annual mechanisms, it's a smaller increase, if you will, each year. It also gives us the opportunity to stay in regular contact with our regulatory partners to -- so they understand what we're doing from a total spend perspective. And that's a part of the strategy as well is keeping them well informed of what's going on in our operations, what we're seeing from a safety, maintenance, compliance perspective so that when we do have the other filing in front of them, they're aware of what's included in that filing. 
