Kevin Akers: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We continue to benefit from solid economic growth in our service territory. For the 12 months ended June 30, we added 57,000 new customers, with nearly 45,000 of those new customers located in Texas. So Texas Workforce Commission reported in July that the seasonally adjusted number of employed reached 14.2 million. Texas again added jobs at a faster rate than the nation over the last 12 months ending June; adding over 267,000 jobs, representing a 1.9% annual growth rate. Industrial demand for natural gas and service territories also remained strong. During the third quarter, we added 10 new industrial customers with an anticipated annual load of approximately 2 Bcf, once they are fully operational. Fiscal year to date, we have added 32 new industrial customers with an anticipated annual load of approximately 6 Bcf once they are fully operational. On a volumetric basis, the 6 Bcf of anticipated industrial load is equal to adding approximately 110,000 residential customers. And during the first nine months of the fiscal year, our customer support agents and customer advocacy team continued their outreach efforts to energy assistance agencies and customers, helping over 47,000 customers received nearly $19 million in funding assistance. Our consistent performance reflects the vital role we play in every community: safely delivering reliable and efficient natural gas to homes, businesses, and industries to fuel our energy needs now, and in the future. We appreciate your time this morning, and we will now open the call to questions.
Kevin Akers: Yeah, this is Kevin. Good morning. Glad to have you join us today. Again, we're working through the remainder of fiscal '24 right now and anticipate it will be the same items as we move into '25. And we'll have additional detail and color as we get to our November call on 25. But again, the drivers around O&M continue to be hydrostatic testing, line locating, integrity regulations, markable placement on difficult, hard to locate lines. So all sort of things. And then looking for opportunities as we move forward to enhance those or pull things forward when we had the ability to do that. So again, the same items that we're focused on this year, we anticipate seeing again in '25.
Kevin Akers: Yeah. As Chris said, again, we don't anticipate any further maintenance this year on the upstream segments of APT there that would impact the spreads right now. They've mitigated from the highs we've seen over the last quarter somewhat. And look, going forward, definitely Matterhorn will be coming on, I think, if you read some of the documentation from the upstream folks sometime in September, October, early fall, that will be coming on. We just have to watch and see what that does for the dynamics out there. And then as we normally get into the in winter period, demand will drive it further from there on the spread impact. But again, I'd like to remind here why APT adjusts and that's to serve the customers behind it, the LDCs behind it, and then when we have opportunity, we will move that gas across our system. So right now, again, we don't anticipate any further maintenance upstream that would impact the spreads any further than what we're currently seeing today at this point.
Kevin Akers: Yeah. As we talked about on previous calls, there's always that opportunity out there. But let's remember the power generators that we currently have behind APT system, we're one of several suppliers to them, so they can move or flex between suppliers at their will out there. So we wouldn't be a sole supplier. So we'll just continue to keep an eye on that over the next few years and see how that develops. But again, we would be one of several of suppliers or inputs into those facilities.
Christopher Forsythe: Yeah. Well, this is Chris. Good morning and thanks for joining us. We typically issue between $600 million and $800 million a year in equity through the ATM program that we have seen. As I mentioned a few minutes ago, we had $551 million of price at the end of June, which that amount will basically mostly satisfy our fiscal 2025 needs. So I think that hopefully that will give you enough color to update your models.
Christopher Forsythe: Yeah -- and I'll add to that, too, is that no, as I said at the end of my prepared remarks, we're still anticipating 6% to 80% EPS growth off of the adjusted EPS and now for fiscal '24. So that's the overall theme to take away from. We will have some puts and takes in the O&M. As Kevin mentioned, we're still guiding to that 6% to 8% growth target.
Christopher Forsythe: Yeah. I think you're on target there, Richard, backing out the $0.17 off of whatever you want to assume for the outcome for fiscal '24 APT, we will have some spread activity next year, but we just can't predict it. So I wouldn't necessarily discount too far off of what you have -- the two one-time items when you're starting your 7% or 8% or 9%, whatever you want to do on the growth target for fiscal 2025, as we will have some activity. It is just this time this year, and particularly in the third quarter, we saw some elevated spreads. And as you commented, it is expected to revert back to the mean, which means we'll still have some activity there.
Christopher Forsythe: Yeah. So as a reminder, that bar was set at $106.9 million. And so that's the benchmark we got to achieve to begin sharing over and above that amount. And of course, it works the other way too if we fall short, but $106.9 million is the target we're looking at.
