Kevin Akers: Thank you, Chris. And as you've heard this morning, a successful fiscal '23 has us well positioned for fiscal '24.  As part of our $2.9 billion fiscal '24 capital spending plan, APT will continue to focus on enhancing the safety, reliability, versatility and supply diversification of its system. APT will continue to work on the remaining 40 miles of the Line S-2, 36-inch pipeline project, which we anticipate having the final phase in service by December of 2024.  In fiscal '23, APT began a multiphase Line WA Loop project that will install approximately 80 miles of 36-inch pipeline supported by the northern part of the system that serves the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. Phase 1, approximately 24 miles is anticipated to be completed by the end of this calendar year. Design is underway for Phase 2, which will install an additional 40 miles and we anticipate that Phase 2 will be placed in service by the end of calendar year 2025. Phase 3 will include the installation of the final 16 miles, and we anticipate that, that phase will be placed into service by the end of calendar year 2026.  Additionally, in fiscal '24, APT will begin construction of a 54-mile, 36-inch pipeline from our Bethel storage facility to our Groesbeck compressor station to support forecasted growth in Williamson and Travis Counties in Central Texas. We anticipate that the project will be placed in service by the end of calendar year 2025.  Our gas supply team has us well positioned for this upcoming heating season to supply reliability and at competitive prices. Our gas supply team has hedged 50% of our winter supply needs, through a combination of storage and financial contracts, at a weighted average cost of $3.31.  I'm very excited about the direction and long-term stability of Atmos Energy. The foundation has been set with a proven safety driven strategy accompanied with organic growth that yields 6% to 8% fully-regulated earnings per share and commensurate dividend per share growth, supported by a strong financial profile. We operate in a diversified and growing jurisdictional footprint that is supportive of investment in natural gas infrastructure, with 96% of our rate base situated in 6 of our 8 states that have passed legislation in support of Energy Choice.  We have a long runway of work to support the planned $17 billion in capital spending over the next 5 years as we continue to modernize our natural gas distribution transmission and storage systems.  As Chris noted, most of our fiscal '24 financing costs are known, and we have hedged $900 million of our financing needs beyond fiscal 2024. The strength of our balance sheet and available liquidity will continue to support our operations in a cost-effective manner for our customers.  Focusing on long-term sustainability has always been a part of our strategy as reflected in the vital role we play in every community, safely delivering reliable and efficient natural gas to homes, businesses and industries to fuel our energy needs now and in the future.  We appreciate your time this morning, and we'll now open the call for questions.
Kevin Akers: I mean, again, we've been at this 3% to 3.5% projection on O&M now for quite a long time. We feel comfortable in that range. As you know, we've used different levers over time when needed to mitigate any of the O&M pressures that we see coming down the road. And again, with some of the additional pullback in some of our service territories in the housing market, we've seen line locates costs come down, we've seen other compliance costs come down. So we remain confident as we head into '24 right now that what we have projected out there, of the $780 million to $800 million, we feel very confident in.
Kevin Akers: Yes, again, I'll reiterate what I said previously. There towards the last quarter, we saw some of the line locating requests drive down just a few percentage points in some of our jurisdictions. Even though here in Texas, we saw an 8% increase. So that's what we were looking at there. That certainly reduced some of our compliance costs. Then again with some of our other compliance activity and timing of those sort of things, we think we've got a good handle on what the next year, the 3- to 5-year window looks like on planned O&M activity, compliance activity, those sort of things. So those were some of the drivers we were looking at that came out of the last quarter and allowed us to stay in that 3% to 3.5% range and at $780 million to $800 million O&M.
Kevin Akers: Yes. I just want to reemphasize that the plan does reflect, as Chris said, they're us becoming a tax cash payer out in that time frame. So that's all backed into the plan that's out there.
Kevin Akers: Julien, it's part of our ongoing strategy with whether they're contractors or internal labor. We always look at what's going on in the market where we have contracts as we look at those on an annual basis to see if they need adjustment, forecasted work for them, and any strategic opportunities we may have to in-source opportunities there to offset some of the cost taking a longer-term view.  So all those options remain on the table as they have in the past, but we continue to look at these on an annual basis. So that's where we get the comfort in that range that we put out there right now.
Kevin Akers: Now again, with the growth that I talked about on the front end and the population and trending that we've seen out there, that's all been baked into the plan out there, all the labor or anticipated labor, the current contracts we have in place, the labor rates that are out there right now, we have baked all that into the plan.
Kevin Akers: Yes, Ryan, the other thing I'd say, Chris, is spot on with that is, we do -- given the economic growth that we've seen across our service territory, there are times when jurisdictions would want to pull forward projects, whether they're water, sewer related or there's fiber things going on, fiber projects out there that we'll have to move and adjust to as well based upon their time line. It may not be seasonably ratable, but it may be in a quarter it may show up. So again, we have to get the work done when we need to get the work done and work with our communities to make sure we're in concert with their projects as well.
Christopher Forsythe: Nick, it's Chris. Yes, right now, we remain pretty confident that we can still use the ATM to fund those equity needs. As you know, we have a balanced financing strategy. We're certainly looking at a number of factors that's -- cost of the customer, the strength of the balance sheet which supports credit ratings, credit facilities, our ability to finance attractively in the capital markets and equity is a component of that. So we're certainly looking at that particular tool. I mean, we have other tools available to us if needed. But at this time, given the liquidity that we have in the market, we believe we can satisfy those needs through the ATM.
Christopher Forsythe: So we look at the balance sheet holistically across all of our jurisdictions, as well as what we need to continue to support our credit ratings. So we have skewed towards the upper end of a 50% to 60% range now for the last few years. we're comfortable to be in that range, and that's kind of where we anticipate being over the next 5 years.
Christopher Forsythe: Yes. And Gabe, I'll add to that. There's a lot of compliance work that we still have to do as a utility. The rules continue to become more stringent. So we're anticipating some of that in the 3.5%. A little bit to higher -- a little bit higher inflation than we've had in the past, although it has moderated somewhat in the third and fourth quarters. And as a final reminder, with our annual mechanisms that we have in several of our jurisdictions, we had the opportunity to recover that fairly timely, generally within a year. So it shouldn't be a significant drag if approved for those annual mechanisms as we anticipate.
Christopher Forsythe: Sure. I'll address the cash taxes first. First, we've got excess deferred taxes as I mentioned. That's beginning to tail off kind of after a couple of years. The IRA for us expects we should kick in, in the mid part of the 5-year plan, and that's predicated on just to the continued growth of the company. Fortunately, there aren't a lot of levers for us to pull. It's really a 15%, or you end up becoming a cash taxpayer as we begin to burn off some of the NOL shield that we have. And that's been contemplated in our plan.  So we knew going into this plan that we had either 15% or the fact that NOL shields were going to be becoming lower. So there's not a lot of levers we can do. Our tax team is obviously looking at opportunities for tax planning strategies. It's too soon to say if there's anything material that will come from that. But right now, we have conservatively estimated what will be a full cash -- federal cash tax payer have in the middle part of our 5-year plan. With respect to interest rate costs, we certainly have reflected what we believe are current market conditions in the 5-year plan. I'll also just remind you that we have the $900 million in hedges at a weighted average treasury cost of about 1.59%. That's a significant portion of our anticipated FY '25 needs and a fair amount of our anticipated FY '26 need.  So AMT will continue to look for opportunities to lock in some hedges, but given the higher elevated or where the interest rates are right now, it may not be as prudent or as attractive to do so as it was a couple of years ago, when rates were in the sub-2% range.
Christopher Forsythe: Yes. We'll certainly see an uptick in the effective income tax rate. Again, that's being influenced right now, certainly the last 2 or 3 years with these excess of deferred tax liabilities. Our effective tax rate 2 years ago was in the 11% range, it ticked up closer to 15%. And we'll end up being in that 22% to 23% range here in the not-too-distant future. Again, all of these costs, we believe, are recoverable, including the IRA corporate minimum tax and our regulatory and tax teams are working on strategies right now to begin dialogue with those regulators to educate them on where that is in terms of what the law requires and then what the recoverability might look like.
Christopher Forsythe: Yes, correct. Not material impact. And again, all that's been reflected in the guidance for FY '24 through to FY '28.
Christopher Forsythe: Yes. And the 3.5% annual increase is off of FY '23 levels kind of starting at that elevated level already.
Christopher Forsythe: Yes, there's that. On the O&M, there is some element of seasonality. It's difficult to predict because we are managing our O&M over the entire fiscal year. So for example, like last fiscal year, where we had -- at the start of the year, we had crews in place, kind of doing some in-line inspection work at APT at the end of fiscal '22. It made good business sense to go ahead and continue that work into fiscal '23, although it had been planned originally to be in the back end of fiscal '23, rather than to demobilize the crews and remobilize 6 or 9 months later, we needed budget, we decided to go ahead and discontinue forward. So that was an operating decision that we made that we thought was in the best interest of the company and our customers. And so we make those decisions on a day in and day out basis. So it's difficult to predict. Certainly, those larger expenses when those could occur within a quarter. But certainly, we're managing to our full fiscal year results. Same thing on line locates. Kevin talked about seeing some moderation right now that we're seeing, but 6 months from now, we can be in a different environment and line locating may pick up for any number of reasons. And we, again, try to manage that on a full fiscal year basis. But quarter-by-quarter, we're not as focused on how to get this work done in a quarter unless there's a specific time requirement. But again, we are well ahead of our compliance deadlines which gives us the opportunity to manage from a full fiscal year basis.
Christopher Forsythe: Yes. We're aware of some filings that are out there kind of looking at that opportunity. We're looking at those right now and seeing at that, would make -- potentially makes sense for us. But we're aware of what others are trying to do at this point in time.
