Kim Cocklin: Well, the negotiations are going fairly well. There seems to be -- continue to be a lot of discussion. At this point in time, it doesn't appear that we're headed for a settlement in the short term. We're continuing to anticipate that, that case may go before the commission and be heard. And that's really what -- we hope to settle it, and -- but we're not -- I mean, at this point it's hard to handicap it, Ted. We do -- we were -- we're planning as if we're not going to have an outcome probably until the fiscal 2013 period. 
Kim Cocklin: Well, the need for the pipeline -- obviously, the Line W that is going in right now and that we'll expect to be in service by the end of this fiscal period is supported by an 8-year contract with EOG. And they've already -- essentially, that's a demand charge-based contract. It's in -- it involved with what we understand to be wet gas that they're drilling up right now, and there's not enough capacity coming out of that Monte County area. So that -- I mean, we've already -- we've essentially -- that firm contract is to back up the investment there. And then the other project, the Line X, is really the southern part of the system, and it is really just fortifying the price that we have down there and improving the system reliability. We experienced some weak spots on that system during the cold snap that occurred last winter, and as a consequence, it was identified by the engineers as necessary to be bolstered up. And so that is going to be a GRIP-eligible project, and it's really being utilized to serve the needs of the regulated customers that are on their -- serviced by the pipeline itself. So neither one of those projects are at risk in terms of being forced to have competition from whatever you're -- whatever other discussion you're hearing about. 
Kim Cocklin: Yes. I mean, it's been quite the opposite of what you described, because obviously, the weather has dampened the price of gas, and obviously, that has reduced the exposure on the uncollectible side of the business. But we've got also adequate coverage on the recovery of the gas cost portion of bad debt in a lot of our jurisdictions, so that risk has been minimized and been an excellent job. And again, if there was ever a test for WNA, it was this year. And the silver lining, obviously, is that it has worked very beautifully along with the rest of the rate strategy that we’ve deployed over the last 5 years. And the biggest bonus is that we've had the opportunity to have a construction season for about the last 14 months going, and we've taken full advantage of that to continue to ramp up the investment in the regulated assets and get ahead of the curve on this infrastructure fortification and replacement. I mean, the regulators are -- they're doing a lot of things to incentivize and motivate the utilities right now to get out in front and to avoid any kind of infrastructure upset like you saw in Minnesota with bridges or even -- obviously, no one wants another San Bruno. And we're doing a lot on that side and you’re seeing some very, very good results in terms of the statistics that we're seeing for leak detection, leak results and the safety outcomes. 
Fred Meisenheimer: That's all, Ted, is infrastructure improvements, which we're getting a lot of support from the regulators and various people to do that because of the events that have occurred in the past few years, San Bruno, et cetera. And I think both the company and new regulators see this as a good time to spend this type money to make these infrastructure improvements while gas prices are very low. It has minimal impact, if any, on the customer base. 
Fred Meisenheimer: No, I -- bad debts, we believe, are in excellent condition. Our provision is roughly 3/10 of 1%. Our net write-offs year-to-date are $200,000 on utility. And so we believe our allowance account is very adequate, and our bad debt situation is well in hand. It is something we have a lot of people focused on, working on, dedicated to. And for the past several years, our bad debt experience has been very, very low. 
Fred Meisenheimer: Yes, weather normalization. Had we not had weather normalization, we would have had an impact of about $47 million from weather. But with the weather normalization, our impact was $2.9 million. So our WNA worked very, very well for us. There are a few states where we do not have WNA. Colorado being the one that we don't have it and that we will be retaining. The others where we don't have it are those 3 states that we're disposing of. So our WNA has worked extremely well for us. 
Fred Meisenheimer: Yes. And also, in addition to that, the industrial demand that we have seen this year compared to last year on a consolidated basis is up 2% over last year on the industrial demand. And we do have a detailed slide on that in the slide deck on -- #54 will give you a breakdown on that, but we've seen a 2% increase in industrial demand. 
Fred Meisenheimer: Well, Texas has generated more jobs than anywhere else in the country and continues to do so. The economy here is very good. Texas is probably -- and in fact, I heard on the news this morning, it's been deemed the most business-friendly state in the U.S., and the economy here has remained better than most of the rest of the country. 
Fred Meisenheimer: We have stated and will continue to state and will stay within this range of the 50% to 55% of debt-to-cap. That's the sweet spot from the regulator standpoint. That's where we have the company now. We're 50-50 right now. And we will stay in the 50% to 55% range throughout our 5-year cycle here that we're looking at, and we'll actually improve a little over time in the out years. 
Fred Meisenheimer: Well, we visit with the 3 rating agencies each year, and we have recently visited with them. Fitch did come out the other day and reaffirmed our ratings as an A- and stable. They have us one notch higher than the other 2 have us. We believe with these basic numbers, that we are very, very high in the rating grouping and possibly one notch higher. For whatever reasons the rating agencies are -- have not -- 2 of them have not bumped us up into that higher notch. From a regulatory standpoint, we get very good treatment being in the BBB+ class where we are from the standpoint of regulators. While it would be nice to be a notch higher, it's not something that we feel is absolutely necessary. 
