Kim Cocklin: Thank you very, very much, Bret, excellent report, and good morning to everybody. As you've heard, we recorded another strong quarter, and we remain on very solid footing as we approach the end of our fiscal 2016 year. The successful execution of our rate strategy during the fiscal year has generated an increased operating income of about $119 million. And during the fourth quarter, we expect some very limited regulatory activity with filings which remain pending, or that we expect to file, but we do - we have successfully achieved our commitment to generate annual operating income increases in the $100 million to $125 million range for fiscal 2016. And during the quarter, S&P did cite the time we recover our invested capital is the primary reason to upgrade our senior unsecured debt rating to an A from A minus with a stable outlook. And with our annual investment of $1 billion to $1.4 billion through fiscal 2020, we continue to demonstrate our commitment to safety and reliability. So we remain very steadfast to deliver the execution of our financial and operating plans, and our results do validate our commitment of growing earnings per share by 6% to 8% and providing a total return in the 9% to 11% range. We've had a great quarter. We thank you for your time and we will open it up for questions now, Tim.
Kim Cocklin: Well, I think - we have been talking about Oncor and NextEra and the activity in Texas for some time, and it wasn't a surprise to most people that NextEra had moved in after the [hunt] proposal got hung up in the regulatory arena on the restructure proposal that they had. So I think that NextEra is going to be pretty successful in their attempts to bring that to a successful close. I think the activity seems to have slowed down somewhat. There are fewer and fewer companies to choose from. I still think that the electrics are looking to add gas platforms to their strategy, and it seems to be something that has been well received by the market. If you look at the performance of those that have picked up gas utilities and where they were trading, what they paid, and now where their stock price is, so it's anybody's guess. Money is cheap. We'll have to see as we talk, Joe - many times what happens with this election year and who successfully comes out as the President and who is running the legislature, as well But I hate upon on the question but I don't know - I don't have a specific answer on what kind of activity is going to continue in that space, or in our space.
Kim Cocklin: What remains pending really, Brian, is some very limited filings that are those that we do expect to file as well, and if you look at the information that was provided for this presentation, there's a pretty good summary of what is out there and what remains. But the big-ticket items have been already settled and in the books, and so we are really focusing on fiscal 2017 filings right now and beyond.
Kim Cocklin: We have had growth in Dallas, in the mountain towns of Colorado near – in our Olathe area in Kansas, as well as in Tennessee, south of Nashville, and even in Louisiana. We are looking at an estimate of about 12% year-over-year growth in new customers. We have had, trailing 12 months, about 23,000 new customers added across the system at a growth of about 0.75%.
Kim Cocklin: That is new growth not net, it's not net, it is new customers, and that is a year-over-year increase, so that is not 12% of all customers.
Mike Haefner: Good. Yes, the big driver falls in a couple of categories. We have new infrastructure mechanism in Colorado, so we are spending some money there to start replacing that higher-risk infrastructure. The other big driver is really our growth in Texas and Louisiana, and also public improvement projects. Lastly, I would say we've got a start on some projects, and we're getting a start on some projects, this year that we need to complete in the first quarter of next year, so that is really what is driving the incremental or the – coming in at the top end of that range.
Mike Haefner: I think we will continue to support the $1 billion to $1.4 billion, continuing to drive it at 9% to 10% rate base growth.
Mike Haefner: Well, you know, of the $119 million implemented year-to-date that are in the book that we put out there, so much of that now is driven by annual mechanisms or infrastructure mechanisms that don't require a full case. We've got the Kentucky PRP filing that went earlier this month on file. Those rates should go into effect in the first quarter of the next fiscal year. And then, we will have a couple of more filings coming in Mississippi with the stable growth [rider] and the stable rate filing, both of those will go before the end of this fiscal year, and expected outcomes in the first quarter of next fiscal year. So we remain on track. As Kim said, we anticipated $100 million to $125 million, we came in and implemented at the higher end of that range, and the level of investment that we are talking about and the continued increase in capital spending we anticipate will continue to support that level of increases.
