Spencer Joyce: I guess, first things first, congrats on another beat here, nice quarter. One question for me. I know we talked about it a little bit last quarter, but the midstream assets you picked up from EnLink several months ago, are those performing kind of in line? And are they driving any discernible impact to the consolidated results? I know it was really a gross margin beat for me kind of across the board here.
Spencer Joyce: Yes, one last question. Kim, I heard you reference a 9% to 11% range at the end of the call. That is rate base growth through...
Spencer Joyce: Okay. I got you. I wanted to make sure I didn't miss a 9% to 11% EPS growth or something there. That caught my...
Kim Cocklin: You wouldn't take your eyes on those midstream. I mean, it's a classic add-on to our intrastate pipeline, very integral part of the intrastate. So it's just another high diameter, or high-pressure, large-diameter pipe that's bringing additional supply from very important areas to our system that is experiencing some wild growth up on the north end.
Kim Cocklin: The 6% to 8% earnings per share growth and then the dividend on top of that. You have not updated your note here recently. You used to write about that.
Kim Cocklin: But you're right about the rate base growth, it's doing about 10% to 11% with our investment of about 125 million through '20.
Kim Cocklin: No. Given the limited information that's been provided, it's still, we still handicap it as neutral to good for us.
Chris Forsythe: Yes. There really isn't a material increase in margins as a result of the EnLink acquisition for the quarter or year-to-date period.
Chris Forsythe: Sure. This is Chris. Again, we have WNA coverage in 97% of our margins. Colorado is the only one who doesn't have WNA. Most of the mechanisms utilize a 30-year normal NOAA. That's the period where to calculate the adjustments under the various mechanisms. In Texas, it's a 10-year derivation that's based upon a 30-year normal. So our coverage period generally cover November to April. We have a couple of that go even further. And then Virginia, although it's the smallest territory, that is an annualized, a full year worth of WNA coverage.
Chris Forsythe: Yes. Yes, we adjust our bills in the month, every month based upon the heating degree days and the mechanisms that are built in the billing systems.
Michael Haefner: Yes, we came out of -- this is Mike. We came out of '16 at about a rate base of $6 billion, and we expect to end this year somewhere $6.5 billion to $6.9 billion. And 2020, $8.5 billion to $9 billion so.
Michael Haefner: No, Brian. This is Mike. It's -- I mean, excluding short-term debt has been preestablished precedent and it's the standard.
Michael Haefner: I mean, I would say, that's for the hearing examiners to decide, but really, we just want to take you back to the point that we communicated all along. And that's, our case and our filing was very, very straightforward based on previously established policy and precedent. We weren't asking for anything new and really, the environment and the way we operate the pipeline business hasn't changed since the last case. So we're very comfortable with our case and our team did an excellent job presenting that case during the hearings.
Michael Haefner: I think the method that was really established or set as a result of the last case, the framework created by the Railroad Commission was to use a pipeline peer group and that's what we did. And our experts referred to a pipeline peer group to establish the ROE that we recommended in the case.
Michael Haefner: Yes. We have, right now, we have a 36-inch pipe coming out of Waha to the Metroplex area. And we're, our team's in discussions with producers out there. We have a little bit of ability to add some capacity there as well as the opportunity to move some more gas by adding compression. But all that's being discussed right now. And again, I mean, from our perspective, the sole benefit of that is to our LDC and other tariff customers. It's really providing more access to additional supply. And also, helping those customers by creating markets for the producers.
Michael Haefner: We -- Faisel, this is Mike. We have a small amount of capacity right now, maybe 100 million a day. And that's really where we are in terms of our ability to move additional gas west to east.
Michael Haefner: Yes, I mean, to add it, we'd add compression. And I think we add compression along our system that would allow us to bring more gas into the Metroplex and then deliveries down into Katy.
Michael Haefner: Yes. Through the Rider REV mechanism, there's a credit back to the tariff ratepayers. And then there's a sharing mechanism, where above it there's an established benchmark and then above that benchmark, 3/4, 75% of that would be returned to customers through adjustments in rate. And below that benchmark, if we fall below the benchmark, 75% of that would be credited or increased in rate.
