Bret Eckert: Brian this is Bret Eckert, the debt-to-cap ratio that you saw move obviously is through the growth of the short-term [debt balance]. We use that to fund seasonal gas purchases, but you are always going to see it spike when you get to the end of our first fiscal quarter and then those balances tend to come down as you come out of the spring and into the summer. So last year at the same time there was about $690 million of short-term debt outstanding and so it is lower than last year, but it really is just the ebb and flow of gas purchases.
Bret Eckert: No, we – we still remain confident we’re going to fall within the $105 million to $125 million range based on what we have seen so far this year.
Bret Eckert: Well, Spencer, the teams obviously are in the process of putting that filing together, but it is going to fall within the range that is driving the 105 million to 125 million of annual increases that we disclosed.
Bret Eckert: Hi Andy, we don’t think if that had the impact. On moving items, I think we will still be in that same [indiscernible]
Kim Cocklin: Brian this is Kim, there is really as we have said our significant beneficiary of the falling oil prices are all of our customers and consequently it gives them much more discretionary income as their utility bills continues to fall and it has an immediate benefit primarily to our the uncollectibles or the [Indiscernible] account balance as well is reduced as a result of the reduced oil price or gas prices and oil prices. So – 
Kim Cocklin: It is separate from that, I mean, we have, traditional customers commercial and industrial customers and we are picking up additional loads as some of the economies continue to come back that we have been serving primarily because of the reduction in oil and gas prices as part of their process for their manufacture of the products that they are manufacturing.
Kim Cocklin: Well, you always have the weather to contend with in our first fiscal quarter Brian, and so we still feel confident in the 495 million to 515 million O&M range that we have put out, but you will see if you look back at the first quarter last year O&M was clearly lower, but we had such wintry weather at the time that it was difficult to get out and get things completed. So, I think you still will find us falling in the range disclosed.
Kim Cocklin: No, they will not impact the pipeline operations or the expected assumptions we have around the margins and the income associated with that. Primarily, we have fixed contracts on sort of a pretty good term and they are designed on the straight fixed variable basis so they are not tied to throughput. We are not experiencing any reduction in throughput on the pipeline system either, I mean, we are continuing to see although they are laying down rigs in many of the production areas, they are going back in on the wells that they’re currently producing and doing some secondary and territory recovery. Mechanisms to continue to increase the production, so we looked at that and we see no threat to the pipeline operations through what we consider the near and the midterm for sure.
Kim Cocklin: No. No, on both counts Andy, both the bonus appreciation where we thought that was coming out, it doesn’t really impact the income statement more of a cash flow item and from the discount rates there, we are in-line with what we expected coming into the year.
Kim Cocklin: It's over 90% on a pre-map 21 basis and map 21 basis higher than that. I don't have the exact percentages, I think Susan, we could look at that but its north of 90%.
Kim Cocklin: Yes, [indiscernible] we are not, no I mean, there is no need to do that with where gas prices are currently and certainly where they’re anticipated to be if you look at any of the forecast from the EIA or any other forecasting services that are reputable and reliable. They have through the next 10 years, gas prices in the $4 to $6 range and I think, I was looking, yesterday our [indiscernible] dropped from last year to this year of about $0.70. We were at $4.40 I think last year and this year we have [indiscernible] of about 370 and that's all driven as a result of the 50% market purchases that we make annually to fulfill those requirements. So, if you set that up, you got to assume production of the field and then you got to assume an ROE and by the time a lot of that stuff puts you out of the market or above market prices which I don't think it's a – it's not a good – it's not anything that we would consider doing right now. Our highest and best uses to put the dollars we have in our infrastructure and we have a significant amount of infrastructure that we can invest in for a long period of time and as long as we are able to have the balanced regulation and all of the jurisdictions where we are situated and achieve the returns and continue to reduce the regulatory lag and continue to improve the recovery of the fixed cost in a customer charge that's our strategy. But, we want to put it, I mean, the production side doesn’t help us with our continued desire and highest priority to become the safest utility in the country either.
Kim Cocklin: We’ve got a system which dispatches those trucks very efficiently and effectively so that we minimize the mileage that they travel every day. But that's not a needle move or either.
