Chris Forsythe: Sure, Jeremy. I’ll start here and Kevin feel free to jump in as well. As I mentioned earlier, we had about a $9 million quarter-over-quarter impact that we’ve attributed to COVID between commercial load loss, the decline in service order revenues and a little bit of bad debt expense. On the commercial load loss, that is certainly well within the planning scenarios that we had developed over the summer and into the fall as we established our earnings per share guidance. So from that perspective, we’re pleased to see that that the commercial load loss is in line with those expectations. We’ll continue to monitor that as we moved through the second quarter. We got a still another two months or three months left in our winter heating season, which by the end of winter heating season, we’ll have about 70% of our distribution revenues booked for the fiscal year and we’ll have some more clarity around what the impact of the margin line item will be. Same thing with the service order revenues, a lot will be contingent upon when we resumed full collection activities and we’re working with our regulators on that keeping you abreast of what we’re doing there and but, again, that is completely in line with our expectation.
Chris Forsythe: Yeah. So in the O&M, as we talked about last quarter, we’ve assumed kind of a full O&M budget, if you will, our full compliance program. So our strategy going into the first quarter was to defer some spending that we didn’t need to do in the first quarter to kind of see how the new customer load loss was materializing. In fact, we’ve got a better handle on that now. And as you saw in some of the details around the guidance, we’re still reaffirming the O&M range that we initially put out last fall. So, again, a lot of that will be focused on compliance activities, as well as other activities designed to mitigate risk. As you heard, Kevin talked about, third-party damage, we’ll continue to step up our efforts in that particular area, as well as just other system maintenance activities that are not necessarily compliance oriented, but we certainly want to be performing to maintain the system the way that we like to maintain it. You’ve heard us talk before, we certainly assume in our O&M plan, not just what we need to meet compliance purposes just to meet just in time, but we’re also keeping an eye towards what our requirements are further down the line later in a fiscal year or into next year, so that we are well ahead of those compliance requirements so that we can meet those dead time -- deadlines without having to wait to the last minute.
Chris Forsythe: Yeah. I’ll start and Kevin, you can certainly help out as well. Yeah. As I said, we’ve got 1.4% across the 8-state footprint, 1.7% here in North Texas and a lot of that is new residential growth. And it’s a trend that we started what we’ve really been seeing now for quite some time, but it’s continued throughout this pandemic. I think the stories are reading. You see more and more folks that are interested and maybe moving into the suburbs, looking for either a first home or getting a different type of home as they’re accommodating their work-from-home protocols and strategies. So that’s what’s driving a lot of growth. Certainly here in the North Texas area, we continue to see robust economic -- underlying economic activity in terms of companies evaluating the Dallas Fort Worth market and in terms of relocating in this area, and we continue to see how we come to Dallas there. There are cranes and construction everywhere. So I think we’re still seeing that underlying activity and a lot of that’s being driven by the residential class and that’s consistent to across our footprint and really in our first quarter, the number of hookups that we had from a residential perspective was one among the highest that we’ve seen in a number of years and we are grateful to see that not only in North Texas, but across most of our service territory.
Chris Forsythe: Sure. I mean, we certainly we go put together our strategic plan every year, refresh it, if you will. I mean, these are things that we’re certainly thinking about. I’ll just remind everybody that when we put together our most recent five-year plan consistent with what we’ve done the last several years, all of our equity financing is already assumed in that five-year plan. So when you look at the 6% to 8% earnings and dividends per share growth, the projected share price that we put out, or sorry, earnings per share out in the out years that has assumed a wide variety of potential stock prices. And we put we put that guidance out after we’ve gone through that rigorous assessment. So we feel right now the current financing strategy is one -- that is one been successful for us in the past. We continue to believe that will be successful for us in the future. And but we will continue to evaluate certainly different structures. And we’ve talked about before in terms of asset dispositions, our 8-state footprint, we’re very, very comfortable with. We’ve got good jurisdictions, very constructive jurisdictions that we are very familiar with these jurisdictions and as this -- again, we always consider it but that’s not a key part of our strategy and we don’t need that type of activity to achieve the 6% to 8% earnings per share growth over the next five years. 
Chris Forsythe: Yeah. It’s pretty close. I mean, as you mentioned, Charles, we’ve got the orders that cover about 90% of our customer base right now. We’re evaluating the language in those orders. They were sufficiently broad and so we’re interpreting and how best to evaluate that order vis-à-vis our filings talking with our regulators and we anticipate by the end of the fiscal year that we will establish some form of regulatory asset. It’s just a matter of timing in this fiscal year when we establish that, but we are closely evaluating that right now and that’s been factored into the guidance for the remainder of the fiscal year.
Kevin Akers: Yeah. Jeremy, the only thing I’ll add to that, as you’ve heard us say many times before, our team, our risk management compliance team, our operations team, our shared service group, continue to adhere and follow to our practices and protocols are in place, again, allowing us to continue to execute at the highest level on all fronts. Even though we’ve seen an increase in some parts of our territory in a number of cases, we are glad to see the vaccine start to be rolling out across our service territory as well. But we believe with those practices, protocols and things we’ve been able to have in place over the last few months w will continue to execute on a go-forward basis at a very high level.
Kevin Akers: Yeah. Jeremy, I’ll start with that. As again, as I’ve said, we have very constructive rate jurisdictions and we continue to see growth, as Chris talked about across our service territory. We haven’t seen any bans, whether they’re on hookups or usage or those sort of things across our service territory. We stay in close contact through our stakeholder engagement strategy, our local public affairs and operating teams with our jurist -- city jurisdictions or state legislators as well. The -- keeping them informed of what value natural gas brings, what Atmos Energy is doing in their communities. So we stay in touch with them to keep them up to-date on an ongoing basis and haven’t really seen any even come up at the legislative level or through discussions regarding gas bans or clients hookups at this point.
Kevin Akers: Yeah. We’re working with associations and peer companies in all of our jurisdictions to keep an eye on bills that are being filed at the state level. These are called all fuels bills, if you will, you may recall that last year, there was one approved in Tennessee and one approved in Louisiana and we’re very encouraged by those bills. I think it highlights the value that natural gas continues to bring and the value of customer choice and choosing an affordable energy opportunity across our footprint. So we’re aware of those. We’re working with different associations. We’re working with our peer companies as well to make sure that their customers have that choice of fuel going forward.
Kevin Akers: Yeah. Chris, I just quickly add to that. In addition in some of our other states, Mississippi, Kentucky, we’re seeing industrial expansion as well, which is a good sign in this economy, as well as new industrial customers coming into those locations as well. So we see it, as Chris said, with residential commercial starting move in the Metroplex, but again, good opportunity on the industrial side and our other footprint as well.
Kevin Akers: Yeah. You hit the answer there with the last two. It’s the dairy industry itself and its landfill projects at this point probably have the majority of those approximately 20 projects that we’re looking at and it’s scattered across our footprint. As we mentioned in their opening remarks, we just closed out a supply project with a firm there in Colorado and we continue to work on several others across Kentucky and other parts of our jurisdiction as well. But there are in that area. There are in the dairy side and the landfill side at this point.
Kevin Akers: Yeah. Well, we put together the plan. We’re pretty conservative on that growth estimate. It’s difficult to estimate when exactly it will materialize. So we basically just assume that the same customer count or customer base that we have at the time that we published the plan and that -- and just let that growth be a bit of an upside for us as it materializes. Again, primarily, because it’s very difficult to forecast in which period that growth may occur.
Kevin Akers: Yeah. Because we continually evaluate our practices and our protocols and adopted several the recommendations already into practices, you’ll find that on our website. We don’t believe that implementing the recommendations that have been laid forward will have a material impact on capital or O&M at this point.
Kevin Akers: There’s a lot packed in there. Let me see if I can cover all those for you. The final report itself from our understanding, Charles, is merely just corrections or edits to the abstract and other information that you’ve seen out there already. And again, we anticipate that coming out really soon. And the Railroad Commission was a party to the investigation just as we were and they paused their investigation until the NTSB was complete. So we anticipate them to pick up their investigation sometime here soon. As you saw on the recommendations, they’ll be partnering with SAMSA [ph] to do an audit of our integrity management programs. So we anticipate them to pick their investigation backup and close it out relatively soon. I think on your other question, there is no open litigation related to the incident.
Kevin Akers: Yeah. We will all receive -- in that NTSB report, those recommendations, as you pointed out, were directed to several of the parties to the investigation, will all have responses back to the NTSB. And it’s my understanding that our initial responses will have a timeframe of about 90 days or so to get our initial response back once we received that final report.
