Kevin Akers: Thank you, Chris. Looking forward, I'm very excited about the direction and long-term sustainability of our Company. The foundation has been set with a proven safety driven strategy accompanied with organic growth that yield, as Chris said, 6% to 8% fully regulated earnings per share commensurate dividend per share growth, supported by a strong financial profile. We operate in a diversified and growing jurisdictional footprint that is supportive of the investment in natural gas infrastructure. 97% of our rate basis situated in 6 of our 8 states that have passed legislation in support of energy choice.  The constructive regulatory mechanisms in our jurisdiction support the necessary capital investments to modernize our natural gas distribution, transmission, and storage systems. We have a long runway of work to support the planned $13 billion to $14 billion in capital spending over the next 5 years as you can see on Slide 16 and 17. That spending will support replacement of 5,000 to 6,000 miles of distribution and transmission pipe, or about 6% to 8% of our total system.  We also plan to replace between 100,000 to 150,000 steel service lines, which is expected to reduce our inventory by approximately 20%. This level of replacement work is expected to reduce methane emissions from our system by 15% to 20% over that 5-year period. Additionally, you've heard us discuss the growth in our jurisdiction. 8 of the 11 fastest-growing counties we serve are in the DFW Metroplex and to the north of Austin. Additionally, our Middle Tennessee, service territory ranks among the fastest growing areas in the U.S. as well, and we continue to see industrial customers in our footprint choose natural gas. In fiscal '21, we added approximately 45 new industrial customers with an estimated annual load of between 10 to 12 BCF a year once they are fully online, and these customers are from various industry, manufacturing, food processing, hospitals and distilleries.  Focusing on the long-term sustainability has always been a part of our strategy as reflected in the vital role we play every day in our communities. Delivering safe, reliable, and efficient natural gas to homes, businesses, and industries to fuel our energy needs now and into the future. We appreciate your time this morning, and we'll now open the call for questions.
Kevin Akers: Yes. At this time, it really is just the financing plan that we've assumed over the next five years as you point out, it's the equity component. But again, that's factored into the 6% to 8% earnings per share growth that we highlighted on the call this morning.
Kevin Akers: When you look at the ranges that we've put out this morning, the $5.40 to $5.60 for fiscal '22, and then the $7 to $7.40 in fiscal 2026. If you take the midpoint of both of those ranges and kind of do the math and that implies about a 7% annual growth rate per year.
Kevin Akers: I'll start on that, Kody, and then Chris can certainly jump in if he wants to. Again, as you said, we've been very proud of our assets. We continue to be very proud of them. You look at the results here. You talked about the diversified growth that we just mentioned on our call here, the mechanisms, the regulatory relationships that we have out there, our involvement in the communities. We're very proud of the asset mix we have today. So we're not contemplating at this point anything, but continuing the excellent operation of those assets.
Kevin Akers: Well, that project you're talking about where we are connecting up in the Permian highway project, that's just to meet the growing demand of that Austin corridor down there to feel that diversification of a load as well for us. So, that's what we're looking to do. We're connecting to that Permian Highway project to bringing that supply up from the Sal instead of moving gas around from the north or bringing it over from Katy at this point. So for us, again, it's another supply optionality to meet the growing corridor that we have down there, and then some supply diversification.
Kevin Akers: Well, I think nothing that steps up again. We go through a very rigorous and robust planning process each year that looks at the one, three, and five-year projects levels that are out there. As you've heard us say before, we take a long look at the projects and how I meet integrity management goals, compliance goals, but we also look at it from that growth perspective, what has been the band going to be out in the future and how do we meet that demand? So I think that's all contemplated within this. That's why we spiked out those projects. So I think this is just a further iteration of meeting the supply needs to demand and diversification that we continue to talk about.
Kevin Akers: Yes, I'll start out and then see if Chris wants to add any color. We have dialogue every year with our commissions, as you know, laying out what our anticipated gas supply plan is for that year, how we perform the following year. We're open to that feedback. But right now, both our commissions, our gas supply teams are very comfortable with the plans we've been able to put together. And you heard that combined with our storage opportunity, our base load purchases, those sort of things, how well they have us positioned going into this winter heating season. So we'll continue those dialogues, continue those conversations, we'll continue to meet with our jurisdictions at the end of each winter season and work collaboratively with each of those jurisdictions as they see it going forward.
Kevin Akers: There's still a lot of moving parts and pieces to that legislation. A lot of conversation is still going on at the federal level with that. And quite frankly, as they continue to do that, we'll monitor that. But I think the thing is you've heard us say before that the United States, as we sit here today, is among the top five producers in natural gas. We're among the top five and proven reserves in the world today. And for us to continue to have the economic growth, the economic stability, and security that we need from an energy perspective and a national perspective, we're going to need to have a continued diversified energy portfolio. And we believe natural gas certainly brings that to the table with the flexibility, reliability, and abundance it provides everybody. We just outlined through today's update how natural gas plays a key role in that. So we'll continue to monitor that, but we will look for a diversified energy portfolio to continue to meet the demands of the U.S.
Kevin Akers: Yes. Chris, I'll just add you've got 19 years of EPS growth and 38 years of consecutive dividend increases all support our strong position as well as what Chris had about our regulatory jurisdiction. So we're going to continue to operate and do the things we do within our strategy. We've outlined, we think it's solid. We think it fits our jurisdictions well. So really believe we are in a good position going forward, not only for our customers but our communities and all stakeholders.
Kevin Akers: On the infrastructure bill itself, as you know, it's very comprehensive, we're still working our way through it, but some of the things that we've seen that we are focusing in on our incentives in there for high-efficiency natural gas appliances, systems that regard hydrogen research and development, as well as there's some, I think, $500 million or so over the next 5-year increase for low heat. That's in there as well. The rest of it at this point, we're still working our way through the detailed piece of that with, with our peer companies and with the American Gas Association.
Chris Forsythe: Well, I don't foresee anything that could impact us at this point, those are averages as you know, that we put out there, we continue to look for diversification across our pipes as you heard us mentioned earlier, we're across 37 pipelines, multiple basins. So we tried to blend in as much diversification and flexibility as we can within our systems. We have these annual mechanisms that tend to level out, increases over time, and I think for conservative on those gold bars there on 25, as you've heard us say before, we're looking way out into the future on some of those prices, and as outlook today, while hard at cash basis is $3.98 Katy to $4.40 and I believe the non-Maxx is at $4.91 today.  So I think again, with the great work, our gas supply team does, where our assets are located on multiple pipes, availability of storage, that sort of thing, we're in a really good position. Chris, anything you want to add? Yes, I'd say, too as we saw about what could potentially move the needle in terms of pricing, and it's again, it's weather patterns. It sums in the pricing dynamics that Kevin just described. Also, just customer usage and to all that's very, very difficult to predict and trying to estimate or come up with a true impact, and again, with an 8-state footprint that covers a fairly significant geographical difference that you could have weather patterns that impact the eastern portion of the U.S. that are completely there from Texas and what we might experience in Colorado.  So really, it's, I think, pretty challenging for us to say across the 8-state footprint if there is a trade key driver to watch out for. I think it's going to be a combination of all of the items you just mentioned; pricing, the basins that we have access to. They're very highly liquid basins. So we were able to have a good keen eye on what that pricing situation customer usage, as well as just general weather patterns.
Chris Forsythe: It's a challenge for us because we don't have the holding Company structure like many of our peers do. So when you look at each of our divisions or each of our states, that's all under one corporate umbrella. So we can't do a minority sale for a single jurisdiction. The way we're structured today, it would have to be a partial assets sale or a certain geographic region that we would have to exit, and as you heard Kevin talk earlier with Kody, we're very happy with the assets that we have, the jurisdiction footprints.  We do see the dislocation between what the private market is a place of evaluation on versus what we're seeing from the public traded perspective and we think again to the public and trade perspective, the fact that 97% of our asset base is located in jurisdictions that are supportive of natural gas, both from a policy perspective, the regulatory perspective, the fact that we have very strong customer growth is currently being a little bit underappreciated, and that's where we just need to continue to remind those investors that we are very well-positioned in the country to capture the growth experienced in our jurisdictions and have jurisdictions that have strong support natural gas.
Chris Forsythe: Key pluses or minuses obviously will be the execution of the regulatory strategy. Customer usage patterns, whether although we are [Indiscernible] normalized, 97% of our jurisdictions, we can see a little bit of that weather year-over-year, and just timing of O&M spending as we continue our ongoing system safety and compliance work, those are the key drivers that we generally point to when we're talking about where we can fall within the 6% to 8% range.
Chris Forsythe: Sure. It's the ongoing expansion of our compliance work. You've heard us talk before that we're in a mode now, doing more compliance work every year rather than holding back and waiting for another rate case to occur. So as we continue to look at the rule making that's happening at the federal and the state level, we work to try to get ahead of that, so that when it comes time for a compliance deadline to have met, we're getting there. Well in advance on when that deadline is and we're also just looking at the system needs and what we want to be doing from a safety perspective. So when talked about advanced leak detection technologies and further expanding that across our footprint, as well as just ongoing hydrotesting at inline inspection work on our large-scale distribution in some of transmission lines to make sure that better system is operating as safely as it possibly can.
