Michael Haefner: The – in addition to that, there’s lots of increasing petrochemical activity along the Gulf Coast. So that’s also helping to drive the spreads, which of course, feeds into our transportation services we can provide by the pipeline.
Michael Haefner: Well, yes, it’s – the way we look at our pipeline, we’ve got really all of our capacity, excess capacity, subscribed between Waha and Katy in long-term contracts. But we can take advantage of the spreads in our daily business when we have excess capacity. So it’s just another way for us to pick up crumbs along the way. And again, it benefits our rate-paying customers and draws more gas to the system, increases the value of our assets, gives us opportunity to invest additionally and enhancing those assets as well.
Michael Haefner: Yes absolutely, Spencer. They were, again, perfectly positioned assets for our system. They’ve been operationally integrated completely with the assets in their current state. As Chris mentioned, we’ve had some incremental O&M directed there towards maintenance and integrity work on both their pipeline and our – and the compressor station to kind of upgrade some of the capabilities. But we’ve also got increased margin revenue from those contracts we have on that pipe already. And I just kind of – Dennis Gordon, who runs the pipeline now – Dick Erskine just retired – or is retiring this week. You guys will have a chance to meet Dennis in November, when we come out and refresh the five-year plan. And Dennis will talk about the opportunities and the capital that we have in their five-year plan to further integrate that asset by creating interconnects with our – some of our existing – other existing pipe segments. So it’s just been working exceptionally well and as well as we expected.
Michael Haefner: The other point there is that, as Chris may have mentioned, that the GRIP filing we’ll make now, which as Kim said, covers the capital investment from last October through December of 2016, that will also include the $85 million that was spent on that asset purchase.
Michael Haefner: Yes, we would, absolutely yes. I mean, first of all, we think it’s a very reasonable outcome. Equity at 53% is higher than our last case coming out of 50%. We’ve got the ROE of 11.5%, which is a little under the 11.8%, but with $13 million increase in operating income, you’ve got a $1.77 billion rate base versus $814 million in the last case. And really importantly is that, the final order kind of reaffirmed that this is a pipeline asset and it should be compared to a pipeline peer group. So again, that reaffirms that precedent. And I think further, one commissioner during the commissioners’ conference reaffirmed the importance of certainty in regulation in the State of Texas and to the companies operating in the State in Texas. So from that perspective, it’s a good outcome. It shows the balance, I think, that the commission has to strike between the interests of all parties. And it really supports and enables our continued investment in safety and reliability in the pipeline, further fortification for all the customer growth were experienced in North Texas, and then adding supply diversity. It’s a key component. It’s going to really enable us to continue the growth, EPS growth in the 6% to 8%.
Michael Haefner: I think, GRIP, for the pipeline, we’ll have the GRIP filing later this month. We’ll have a GRIP filing at the beginning of the second quarter of next year to fix up all of our investments in calendar year 2017. And so for the pipeline, it’s – that’s really the focus. It’s getting back into the mode of enhancing the system and modernizing it and making our GRIP filings.
