Kim Cocklin: We haven’t gotten any more information or color or anything on it, but it will be coming out, the hearing examiners first issue is decision and then we’re expecting by Christmas to have the commission action on it. So –
Kim Cocklin: Any decision is only prospecting, so we’ll be communicating that information as soon as it’s available.
Kim Cocklin: No. No more sales were done in the eight remaining jurisdictions that we’re situated in. We think we’ve got a good footprint, we’ve got a excellent relations and we have very good economic conditions compared to the rest of the country and very good regulatory constructs in terms of significant overhead savings now.
Kim Cocklin: Yes, we can. The connected wellhead volumes are increasing and improving to our system and creating a lot of potential opportunities. Obviously, the ones that we have currently on the drawing board and are pursuing are as a result of increased deliveries that are coming on from associated gas plays and they continue to drill up that field and they’re moving out in the West Texas area towards the connection and we have opportunities out there. So it’s very, very good situation for Atmos Pipeline Texas and even a better situation for the Mid-Tex and West Texas divisions, who are going to continue to benefit from additional supply opportunities and diversity and competition to meet their needs, because we’re seeing continued growth in – on and around the metro area in DWF and certainly coast, where we serve the Austin area.
Kim Cocklin: We had really, really good results in the last quarter, from the non-regulated group and it was principally driven by obviously some of the positions drilling off, but more importantly, we saw an uptick in the average margin that they were collecting out there, and overall net that did increase customers for 2013 and their focus and their new business strategy obviously, is identifying, which exactly what you’re talking about. We need the quality in smaller customers and they were not chased in the bigger industrials, since the a lot of the producers are going after them and there’s a lot of energy managers that are involved in the middle of that, which cuts down on your margin. But their indicators particular last two months of our fiscal year. They succeeded and increasing the number of customers they have and increasing the average margin rate that they are collecting. So, yeah. I mean, you are exactly right and we do see a good opportunities for that group going forward, I think, we’ve got a positions exceptionally well. They are focusing on delivered gas sales strategy, and have always done exceptionally well and in customer survey, so, they have over 90% retention rate with the customers, they do business with, meaning that most of those customers signed up for one year at a time, and they’ve got 90% of have returned year after year. So, let’s review now, there’s some of that relationship a lot of value, they’re doing well. Continuing to focus and take the opportunity, when can’t went storage and transmission long transportation contracts roll off. They’re taking advantage of the market opportunities for lower prices and reducing so, and we again – we’re not. We do – we don’t have any more but not assuming any more than a 10% contribution, but we’re extremely comfortable and happy and we think that there are an important asset in our portfolio contributing at that level is very good.
