Kevin Akers: Thank you, Chris. I appreciate that financial update. As you heard we continue to be focused on the long-term sustainability of Atmos Energy and remain on track to meet our fiscal 2021 targets. As we look to the second half of the year, we will continue to execute on our strategy that supports our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services. During our last two quarterly calls, I've shared the progress we are making to minimize our carbon footprint as well as our water and land impact at some of our offices and service centers, including the work we are doing to increase the amount of RNG we have on our system today and to help customers reduce their carbon emissions. To date, we are evaluating approximately 30 RNG projects across our systems. As a reminder, our environmental strategy is focused on five key areas: gas supply, operations, fleet, facilities and customers. Today, I want to highlight how Atmos Energy is working to reduce methane emissions as we modernize our business and infrastructure by investing in innovation and technology. The following examples of how Atmos Energy will meet our goal to reduce methane emissions 50% by 2035 as well as how we are helping customers understand the role that natural gas plays in reducing their carbon footprint at home in an affordable manner. We recently installed a new methane monitoring technology at our Tri-Cities underground storage facility called gas cloud imaging camera. This 360-degree fixed base camera will continuously monitor our compression and storage field assets for methane emissions. And if necessary the technology will send alerts including pop-up alerts with images to our plant operations employees in addition to text and e-mail alerts.  In addition to our existing methane monitoring and detection equipment, we are finalizing plans to deploy fixed base and mobile technologies throughout our underground storage operations. Additionally, we are in the process of installing a fuel cell to generate low-carbon electricity at one of our facilities. The fuel cell will be powered with natural gas and is anticipated to substantially reduce the carbon footprint for that facility. We anticipate the fuel cell will be operational by the end of this calendar year.  With affordability and community support always top of mind for us, our Colorado team partnered with the Greeley-Weld County Habitat for Humanity Group to build a zero-net energy home for a local family. This will be the first of its kind for local habitat homes. This home is designed to receive a home energy rating system score of zero, which means the home produces the same amount of energy it consumes over the course of the year by using efficient natural gas appliances, better insulation and solar technology.  The total utility cost for this home is anticipated to be approximately $350 per year, which is expected to provide about $2000 in annual utility bill savings relative to the average US home. This solution is significantly less expensive than an all-electric home. We are also working with builders in two Texas locations to design homes that are expected to yield similar environmental results. Our employees put their heart, sole and time and energy into projects like these every day to modernize our system, to do our part to protect and preserve our environment for generations to come and to support the communities where they live and work. I'm very humbled by their compassion and commitment to be good neighbors. Providing this family with a natural gas home that is environmentally friendly and cost-efficient is just one way Atmos Energy fuels safe and thriving communities. Last year legislation was designed to promote the use of all energy sources and maintain customer energy choice which we refer to as all fuels legislation was passed in Louisiana and Tennessee. During the second quarter, similar legislation was passed in Kansas, Kentucky and Mississippi. And earlier this week, the Texas Senate passed HB 17 and it is now on its way to the Governor for signature. Assuming it is signed, six of our eight states will have passed all fuels legislation. The successful execution of our strategy and our financial position have us well positioned to continue safely delivering reliable, affordable, efficient and abundant natural gas to homes, businesses and industries to fuel our energy needs now and well and into the future. I will now open up the call for questions. Dan, I'll turn it back over to you and the operator.
Kevin Akers: No. Good morning. I appreciate your question. Let's just start with the transaction that you're talking about there and discussion around our assets. And again, as you heard Chris go through the financial updates, the performance for year-to-date, our historical performance, we remain very happy with our asset mix our regulatory construct. And again, Insoo as you know, we began to earn 90% of our investment in the first six months and 99% after 12 months. And we've talked about how that story is very simple, very straightforward easy for our folks investors all stakeholders to understand. And there are complications with these acquisitions as we go forward. That's why we like our plan that we have laid out today the performance that our divisions execute on day in and day out. But I think this transaction sends a very strong signal right to the market. In our opinion, it sends a very strong about the value of natural gas that it brings, particularly meeting the energy needs on a go-forward basis, the value of these assets that have been somewhat questioned over time, but are now should be coming into clear focus. So I think it sends a very strong signal to everybody about the role that natural gas is playing continue to play going forward and the value of this infrastructure out there for the reliability, the certainty the affordability that natural gas brings. So very happy to see that have occurred, but remain very, very happy and positive with our regulatory construct and performance of our assets.
Kevin Akers: Yeah. I think as you've heard us say we continue to grow the number of projects that we have out there under evaluation. We're up to 30 now, and it's a mixture of dairy as well as landfill gas. We've got a combination of those things we're looking at now. We're doing about 5.5 to 6 piece a year. That's a little north of the 2% range I think when you compare that to about the average distribution sales volumes that we move across our system on an annual basis. I think we'll continue to see these projects come up and with the help of some of these energy firms that are out there I think we'll continue to see a good opportunity to bring them on our system. But right now to hang a number on it I think it's still a little bit early. As I said, we're at the 2% of our overall distribution sales throughput volumes. I think there's opportunity there for us. But until we can get in, and see what infrastructure may be required how near are our systems they are is that going to require pipe, or what's required on the other side of that through digesters, processing equipment those sort of things. I think it's still a little bit premature on our side to try and hang a target or a number out there, where this could be, but we remain very optimistic about the opportunities that continue to come up.
Kevin Akers: No good question. And I think our team, as you heard me say, I mentioned our gas supplier our gas control groups they're continuing to go through and evaluate things that occurred throughout that 12 to 14 day period there. How we can improve our system things we can put on our system to monitor that additional supply diversification that we can maybe bring on to our systems. So that's continuing to go on. But really those are things we do each year. And I think one of the strengths as I pointed out in my earlier remarks for us is our planning process. Those projects, I mentioned are already in our five-year plan have been in our five-year plan to allow us to continue to fortify grow and think about where those next challenges could be. Just for example, again the storage piece of that. So as we develop those salt cabins we're not only thinking about past performance we're thinking about growth on the system as well. And other places to fortify are, whether it's APT infrastructure or distribution systems as well. So I think the ongoing evaluation of that performance continues, but I'm very proud of how our system performed through that and we'll look for whether it's technology solutions, or supply diversification again to help us through that. And the last thing, I'll mention on that is around that supply diversification. You look at I'll just use our APT asset as an example here. When that supply stopped flowing coming in from the West from the Permian there, we were able through the network that we've been building and fortifying and enforcing over the last 10 years to pull from the North out of the Barnett out of Oklahoma, we fortified that with additional supplies coming out of Carthage from East. We had our fortifications in place, where we could pull from Katy up from the South. All of those points helped us get through that situation during that storm and we needed all of those and that versatility in the system to be able to pull that and pull it at those levels as well as the many suppliers that we have across those areas to be able to bring those into those points, so I'm very proud of how we performed during that period and how our system continues to provide very many options for us going forward.
Kevin Akers: Well, in our footprint salt-dome is here in Texas. This is our third cabin here in Texas. Those are behind the APT system to meet the demands of its customer base, its firm needs there for human needs customers here, on the Mid-Tex system. So our other storage fields, throughout our other properties are all traditional sandstone reservoirs. There are no salt-dome projects on or available in those other facilities. But we do have contract storage services, that we use through our interstate supply contracts and with third-party sources as well to supplement our peaking capacity needs. And some of that may potentially be salt. Right now, most of that is generally sandstone, reservoirs itself. So right now, we've taken as I said a good hard look at this third cabin development here. And see that being able to help us for the near to longer-term at this point.
Kevin Akers: No. Again, let's think about storage. Storage for us is there to supplement our peak day at our interstate capacity to meet those firm needs. And the only opportunity for salt right now, as I said is here in Texas. Our other opportunities are sandstone reservoirs. And those are near market, near our large customer bases. So we continue to use those other 15 fields to exactly do that. So the only salt-dome available is here in Texas and right now our third cavern development, that's the one we're focused on.
Kevin Akers: Yeah. Yeah. You broke-up there just a little bit. So let me see, if I can answer your question here. I think when you look at the supply right now the abundance of the supply, the pricing it's come back down to I think today, Waha was in the 250 range or so. You look at the growth across our system and our average bills right now are in that $49 to $50 rates absent what we've gone through this past winter obviously. But I think, given those supply pricing and given the growth we have on our system, the signals we can send on our annual mechanisms right now, I think, we're very comfortable with our costing and how we compare on a go-forward basis with that, as well as meeting our O&M and compliance needs. And again, you've heard me talk before about at our all-in cost right now, that again assuming that we get securitization spread out these costs on these abnormal winter pricing events here that at $5 to $5.50 right now, that equates to about $0.01 to $0.015 on a kilowatt rate. So, I think, we still remain very, very competitive out there compared to electric pricing on a go-forward basis for us as well.
Kevin Akers: I'm not anticipating any pressure at this point on our CapEx program. Again, we've modeled a lot of things going forward into our five-year plan. We continue to monitor the need for our projects and can pull things forward or push some things back. So I think, right now, given the layout that we have for this year and the next few years going forward, I feel very comfortable with what we'll be able to execute upon.
Kevin Akers: Not that I would say would equate to an extra boost, if you will. I think we see, certainly as the vaccines have started to roll out, the economy to your point has started to pick back up. Things are opening back up. We see some of our industrial customers across the eight states get back to what we would call pre-pandemic levels. Now some of them stayed at that because, they were associated with the specific needs of that whether the medical industry or metals industry, those sorts of things held steady throughout it. But those that kind of pulled back during that color period have now started to pick back up and hit at a normal pace. To your point, we continue to see new additions and expansions across our system. But I don't know that, I would categorize it at this point as an extra boost. We're very proud to see the growth from an economic and a utilization of natural gas standpoint. And it seems to be a good diversified industrial load from auto, to the distilling industry, to the metals industry, but we're very proud to see that, but nothing that's been unanticipated at this point.
Chris Forsythe: Sure, Insoo. And good morning. So yeah, so a couple of things. I mean, the regulatory outcomes were pretty much in line with our expectations, primarily because that reflects the capital spending that we did in the prior fiscal year. So when we made those filings up late last year, they carry over into this year. So we had pretty good visibility into those outcomes. I would -- you noted the temporary timing difference around the update to the annual effective tax rate which will unwind by the end of the year. And then also two we were very conservative on the O&M spending in the first half of the fiscal year as we were able to kind of just take a wait-and-see approach with respect to how our commercial customers in particular would behave during the pandemic. And as I mentioned a few minutes ago, the performance there has been better than what we anticipated. So we did hold back some of the spending on the O&M side until we had a better sense where those revenues will begin to materialize. And now that we're out of the winter heating season and focused on the second half of the year, as I mentioned, we'll be modestly increasing that O&M spend. And given the momentum that we see with the regulatory outcomes, the commercial sales volumes beginning to trend in the right direction, as economic activity picks up and the fact that we'll do some modest increases on O&M spending, we feel confident that we'll be at the upper end of the range by the end of the fiscal year.
Chris Forsythe: Yeah. I'll start, and Kevin, if you want to chime in as well? So yeah, if securitization does pass in Texas, it's our intent at this point to participate in that program which then would really I think crystallize, what we would do with the $2.2 billion that we executed in -- long-term debt that we executed in March. Kind of going forward, and when you think about our financing plan, setting aside, the $2.2 billion for a moment, we'll continue to finance our operations in a very balanced fashion using a mix of long-term debt and equity to finance our needs. So that, -- we don't anticipate that financing strategy to change. It's worked very well for us, over the last 10 years. And it's well understood by our regulators certainly the investment community. And we don't see that changing at this point.
Chris Forsythe: Yeah. If we have the opportunity to participate in the securitization program in Texas, and then, have obviously the opportunity to securitize the cost in Kansas, we would anticipate that our financing program -- our financing strategy would be consistent with what we've done in the past.
