Fred Meisenheimer: Well, you know, we’re experiencing unusually warm weather, and so we have redirected our crews, instead of doing O&M type work, they’re working more on capital projects. With the absence of any weather events, we’re not incurring the overtime and additional administrative costs that are related to that and so we’re seeing upsides from those things occurring and reducing the expenses. We’ve gotten some results in some of our rate activity that we’ve had that has been a little better than what we had in our original estimates and so that has improved things.  And then also, as we’ve gotten more into this Rule 8 and the benefits from that, we’re able to defer and capitalize certain costs. We’ve realized that there’s more benefit there than what we originally anticipated. So kind of a combination of all of those things.  We feel very, very confident in being able to raise the level of income for most of our regulated unit segments, both the utility and the pipeline. 
Fred Meisenheimer: Well, we don’t – it’s a, you know, it would receive the regular rate treatment, so it’s going to earn 11.8% return on equity. It’s going to be – it would be included in our GRIP filing that we make. So it’s going to be treated as part of the regulated revenue side of that business. 
Fred Meisenheimer: Yeah, I mean, X would be pretty much all dedicated to providing service to the regulated customers, the utility customers, and that, right now, I mean, you know, we rely on an interruptible exchange agreement with another party that we’ve been told cannot be made firm. What we’ve experienced in that extremely cold snap is that, you know, we need some – we need firm reliable service, particularly on that area of the system because we’ve got some low spots over there on the West side of Fort Worth and then we’ve also got a lot of growth that’s occurring in that area. So it’s going to be regulated, service for regulated customers. To the extent that there’s, you know, additional services provided for third-party producers on off-peak areas, then that revenue also would be counted towards the Rider Rev calculation and then the benefit of credited 75% to the customers and 25% to us.  But it’s really a very, very good deal and it’s, you know, it’s an excellent project for the customers that are served by Mid-Tex in terms of reliability and diversity of supplies, but it also provides us significant growth opportunities of our rate base. 
Fred Meisenheimer: This year, we’re – capital budget, we’re expecting to spend $700 million. You know, that’s a $50 million increase as of yesterday. This year, the 638 that we were starting out with was an increase of about 40 million or so over the prior year. 
Fred Meisenheimer: A lot of reg money being spent is GRIP eligible and a lot of it comes out of this Rule 8, this new Rule 8, which totally eliminates any lag. A good portion of the money that Mid-Tex will be spending also will be on steel service lines and there’s no lag on that money either. So we’ve got the steel service lines, we will complete that program on 100,000 steel service lines this year and so that money is no lag, GRIP money comes in very quickly and the Rule 8 money is no lag, plus we’re able to defer a lot of the cost; depreciation, interest, et cetera in relation to the Rule 8 spending. So it’s a very beneficial type spending money. 
Fred Meisenheimer: It’s locked in. The way it’s set up right now, third and fourth quarter, we have locked in gains, you know, that roll off and we will realize the money from that. 
Fred Meisenheimer: No, we don’t have that. We break it out as we report the results, you know, consolidated results and then we break out the discontinued portion and then give some granularity on that because on the [inaudible] financials, it’s a one-liner, but then we show a breakdown on that as we’re reporting our earnings.
Fred Meisenheimer: And that’s correct. And one thing to remember, this discontinued earnings is the accounting required calculation of that and so they do not – the accounting rules do not allow certain costs to be allocated that normally would be allocated to those operations And in the regulated environment, we have the ability to, once we dispose of these assets, to reallocate those overhead costs to other restrictions and recoup that. 
Fred Meisenheimer: Normal – you know, an unregulated type environment, those certain overhead costs would discontinue and you don’t recoup them. We’re able to reallocate that and recoup those down the road. 
Kim Cocklin: Ted, this is Kim. The filing was obviously well known by all of the effected customers because we had a lot of discussions leading up to the time that the case was filed. So they were very familiar with what the case involved and what the case was going to require because all of this was part of the negotiations to extend the current RM.  We’re extremely pleased with the relationships that we’ve developed in that we continue to strength with all of the city customer in the Mid-Tex division. You’re exactly correct, we are proposing to increase the fixed customer charge that would be very similar to the way that we designed rates and a lot of other division including – well, most other divisions, but it would reduce the commodity charge. You know, I think the case, the customers continue to be very open and receptive about discussions and are interested and are taking – I mean, this is their opportunity to look and see, you know, why we need what we need, or why we’re proposing what we’re proposing.  So we think that there’s a good likelihood, at least we are going to be very earnest and sincere and desires of reaching a settlement in the case. But we, you know, we haven’t baked any upside in the 2012 results. But I think, you know, that the – at the end of the day, the customers are very, very satisfied and I think happy with the way that they are and has operated up to this point. It’s kind of a considered pain of everyone that, you know, at the end of the day we will seek a middle ground, which provides a win-win outcome for all of the parties involved in the case and continue to have an RM after we finish the proceedings. 
Kim Cocklin: Yes, we’ve never recovered our cost twice. No, we’re not recovering our cost twice. They’re two separate projects. The one project is essentially, you know, with the – part of the Rider Rev treatment revenues for third-party transportation. That contract with the producer would be considered part of those third-party revenues and so what we would experience is 25% of the upside associated with those revenues and credit 75% back. The project is very beneficial and it is, you know, moving a lot of volumes that are associated with gas, or I should say with oil in [Inaudible] County. So they’ve got to move.  The other project that you’re talking about really replaces an interruptible agreement that the pipeline had been relying upon to provide service for a lot of the regulated customers that it has, in particular, the Mid-Tex division. So you know, we experienced some operating history last year when we had the very peak conditions at the end of January and early February and during those times we have an opportunity to look where certain sensitive spots are on the system and where we need to fortify our assets, and that’s essentially what that project is doing, it’s replacing the interruptible exchange that was relied upon and replacing it with a firm capability to reach the areas that we’re currently serving and that are growing at a pretty good clip in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. 
Kim Cocklin: And Susan can get you the reg rate on the capital investment, you know, historically and it’s wrapped up pretty considerably. And then it supports further the lag what we’ve done there. At last count, and I don’t know where we’re at right now, about 90 to 93% of the capital that’s invested on the regulative side of the business begins to earn a return on it’s investment within 12 months. We’ve cut it down considerably and as Fred said, this Rule 8 treatment is really – has ramped up the opportunity to reduce lag. 
Kim Cocklin: Yes. You’re going to probably see that, you know, what we’ve experienced in the first quarter for non-reg will continue in the second. 
Kim Cocklin: That’s on track and everything continues to work it’s way through the regulatory process and on the timeline that we anticipated and we continue to expect to have a successful close in fiscal 2012. Probably looking at a May timeline right now when the transaction would close for us. I mean, Iowa and Missouri waived on it and Illinois and Missouri, we’ve had several very positive and successful meeting with the purchaser included and the staff of the Commission involved, and we seem to be working our way with really no big – no show-stoppers, no big issues. 
