Christopher Forsythe: Yes. With respect to the CapEx range, we're $1.85 billion to $1.95 billion. Again, we are an essential service provider. Our crews are working using -- practicing safe social distances. So to the extent that a regulatory authority were to come in and change our designation as an essential service provider, ask us to stop or slow down for whatever reason as they navigate through the pandemic, that could be a factor that could drive us towards the lower end of that range. 
Christopher Forsythe: Well, as I said, April is a shoulder month for us. We have -- we've certainly modeled some potential outcomes. But we really can't see yet what is driving the decline in volumes that we typically see in April, if it's seasonality or if it's a true underlying economic activity. So we put those sensitivities out there for everyone to use in their modeling and in their evaluation. 
Christopher Forsythe: No, we haven't. We -- as I mentioned, we have $215 million in progress at this point in time. This is our busiest filing period of the year. A large number of those filings were filed right at the end of March or the first part of April, and we are working through the discovery process with our intervenors in due course. Everyone's working really well from home. So information is flowing back and forth. For a large number, about roughly $100 million of that filing, and exclusive of $215 million, is not scheduled to be implemented until October 1. And those are our Texas RRM filings. So we're very early in the process. We have another $15 million or so that was filed for Louisiana. That's scheduled to be implemented on July 1. And at this time, we have no indication of any delays. 
Christopher Forsythe: Sure. Yes, a lot of it is COVID related. We're focused on the health and safety of our employees. So to the extent that we don't have to perform compliance-related work in order to keep those employees out of the community or limit our actual exposure to it, we've got employees in the community, we decided to pull back on some of that discretionary O&M. So that's typical work like encroachment, right of way maintenance. We've done a really good job over the years by keeping up with a lot of that work. So they gave us some flexibility to defer that to future periods and other types of work, be it noncompliance-related in-line inspection and other noncompliance-related pipeline maintenance activity. So we see the guidance range on Page 18 for O&M. As you noted, it is flat to flattish to last year. And we'll just continue to monitor our O&M and really the entire organizational -- the operations of the organization as we move through the next 6 months. 
Christopher Forsythe: At this point, given what we know, we're holding to the 2.5% to 3.5%. Again, we're going to come through the pandemic. And at some point, this work that we're deferring will have to be completed. So for now, we're holding to that. 
Christopher Forsythe: Sure. Sure. I mean you can see it in our earnings release. It's in the titling. It says it's reaffirmed. And again, based on what we know today, we believe the range of $4.58 to $4.73 is appropriate. 
Christopher Forsythe: Yes. It does. And to this point, we're closing out the books for April right now. So we'll have a clearer look here in the coming days as what that spend is. But to your point, anything that is COVID-related or incremental over and above our run rates would be considered for regulatory asset treatment. 
John Akers: No, I don't think there's any uniqueness to it. It works very similar as it does in the other jurisdictions. We'll incur those costs and in our next filing, we'll take those under consideration and review. So we're just like our other jurisdictions. 
John Akers: As we said, well, we've been able to continue our capital work through this program designated as an essential service provider. We anticipate continuing to be able to do that and at this point, don't see anything out there that would defer our capital strategy that we have in place right now. 
John Akers: Well, right now, as Chris and I said in our opening remarks, we've been able to do the work that we need to get done to maintain the safety and reliability of our system, both on the distribution and transmission side and coupled with our employees and our contract employees, believe we have the appropriate staff levels at this point. There are some impacts, as you would imagine, from the oil fields at this point on the unemployment numbers. But we believe we are fully staffed and operational, continue to do the things we need to do on a daily basis. 
John Akers: Yes. For example, on our main replacement, we would have a larger crew that would go out and work on the main and service lines at the same time. What we've chosen to do now is break those into smaller crews, wearing their face masks, social distancing, driving separate vehicles to the project at some times and then working as best they can remotely from each other until they have to get in the ditch and inspect. And then we have a separate crew that will come in later and work on the service line. So we don't have all those employees up one side at one time. 
John Akers: Not at this point. As we said, the -- our first full month of operation was April. Those bills are just now going out. And we'll have some more information as those come through in the next few weeks on into -- later into May and first part of June. But as we have said, with these shelter-in-place orders across our states, a lot of businesses have been able to continue to operate. We've seen construction continue to go on. We've seen a lot of road work continue to go on. Some of the restaurants have continued to be open without the in-room dining but have continued to provide pickup and carry out-type service. So we've seen a lot of activity even though there's some shelter in place. And we're just waiting to see how that plans out as we go through these phased reopenings and get a look at some of those bills to see if those loads picked up or maintained what they normally would have been. 
