Kim Cocklin: It’s pretty much on target is what we have been messaging you with. We intend to file it probably late this year, probably December. The cap structure we are targeting is still in the 57% to 58% equity component, which is what we anticipate having as we work through our financial plan for funding the capital budget this year. And really as we have talked about, we are going to file everything right down the middle of the fairway and not ask for anything outside that we don’t have in place right now. So, there really isn’t any change and we are on target to do everything that we have been talking to you about. If there is any changes we will have any updates at the AGA Financial Forum coming up in May, but we don’t anticipate having any.
Kim Cocklin: We will have an update to the rate base numbers obviously and we will have all our investment that we have made from the time of the GRIP filing this year through that end of that case and then we will be filing another GRIP filing after the case is filed. So, there will be additional increments to rate base in the case.
Kim Cocklin: First on the cash taxpayer, we don’t anticipate being a cash taxpayer in the current 5-year plan through 2020. So it will be after that, before we start to pay cash taxes. As far as the ATM Chris, the plans are consistent with what we disclosed at our November analyst day. We expect to do $300 million to $400 million over the 5-year plan and $50 million to $100 million on an annual basis.
Kim Cocklin: I don’t – I think we are going to stick with the $50 million to $100 million as you go through that period. I will tell you that all of our financing plans have been contemplated and included in our tightened guidance range for fiscal ‘16, as well as our guidance that we have out there in 2020.
Kim Cocklin: No that has – none of that consternation is translated into any of the projects that we have got and the capital investment we are doing. I mean the regulators and our customers understand how important it is for us to continue to pursue that investment to make our system as safe as possible and continue to – our journey of becoming the nation’s safest utility. So, we are also not trying to clear new right away or go through areas that have not – that don’t have pipe in the ground right now. So, it makes a significant difference when you are trying to put those new systems in and trying to clear a path for them and that there is a great deal of opposition that goes along. And then you have got the size of the pipe itself, those things are talking 36 inch, 42 inch pipe and unfortunately you have got some stuff that’s been in the news here lately, Bethlehem Township in Pennsylvania with the Texas Eastern incident last week. So it’s pretty much elevated the opposition, but for us I mean we continue to operate in a – in kind of under the radar. And people see the need. And it’s a small pipe in most situations where we are dealing with it. So, no.
Kim Cocklin: Faisel, where have you – I thought you were doing the Geico commercials or something. We haven’t heard from you in years.
Kim Cocklin: These are not traditional filings. Normally, in a general rate case, you handicap the filed form out versus – the request versus the achieved at about 50%, but so many of our filings right now, as Bret pointed out 93% are covered by annual mechanisms that really have – are very prescriptive and there is not a lot of controversy over the computation and the methodology that’s utilized to increase either the O&M or the rate base adjustments. And then you have plug and play ingredients normally associated with the cap structure that may or may not change and the return component is normally settled. The depreciation rate is also settled. So, I mean we don’t – we have got the $56 million of – that we are seeking right now that is the filed for request. I mean we are – the best target that you can have for your model I think is to look at the $100 million to $125 million that we targeted for fiscal ‘16 that we are at $71 million now and we are very confident and comfortable that we will reach the target that we have provided. I mean as we get closer through the next two quarters you will see those amounts will continue to materialize and as they become final we make them immediately available so you can get them into your model.
Kim Cocklin: That is not automatic, but it’s pretty prescriptive. So, there is normally adjustment in the ask for that type of filing and what we achieve because that does go through some negotiation process.
Kim Cocklin: You will be the first to know, Faisel. I mean we take that commitment extremely seriously. We have advertised that we are going to grow rate base at 9% to 10% which we absolutely have to do to meet the commitment of growing earnings at 6% to 8% on average. So I mean we have built up what we hope is a lot of trust and credibility with our shareholder base and with the street and we take that as seriously as the dividends. So if there is ever any change to that and if there is any retraction or reduction to the growth rate that we see, which we don’t see for the next 5 years and we have got a very good financial strategy to back up the investment for the next 5 years and we will continue to increase that. So we are very confident and again, we can’t overemphasize the fact that we are not just advertising these rates at 6% to 8%, we are actually performing and throwing them off and we have got over a 5-year track record of meeting that commitment. So we fully expect to do it. And we understand how important it is to message any change as soon as it becomes available. So we are not going to hide the ball on anything like that.
Kim Cocklin: It’s just – really just the ebbs and flows you see in a year plus there was a new stock compensation standard that was adopted and that impacted tax rate – effective tax rate a little bit. And you will see that disclosed in the 10-Q.
Kim Cocklin: I mean you can hypotheticate all you want on prices for sure Mark, but we haven’t picked a price point. We do anticipate with our 5-year plan of having an all-in – we have assumed an all-in gas price of $4.50, $4.50 to $5.50 through 2020, which if you look at the forward screen, I mean that is clearly within the realm of reasonableness and even conservative. So there are some other factors. The cost of money is another thing that’s helping the investment and along with gas prices, the customers are not expected to experience any increase in the bills that they have paid since 2007. So I mean we really haven’t run the what-if scenario on that. We pay obviously, very close attention to gas prices and are able to do some things as a result of working with the regulators to hedge positions so that we are usually 1 year or 2 years ahead of all the price changes.
Kim Cocklin: We pretty – we have been very consistent in emphasizing the fact that we think multiples are extremely expensive, you never say never. But there is nothing on the block that we would be interested in paying over and above or even close to what’s going off the Board today, if you look at our investment of $1 billion to $1.1 billion of capital every year, that with the regulatory lag that we experience with 94% of that investment beginning to earn within six months at the end of the test period, that $1 billion to $1.1 billion that we are putting in the ground is helping us on this journey of becoming the nation’s safest utility, so it becomes immediately accretive. You don’t have the integration issues if you go out and overpay for an asset which you are doing right now. You have regulatory issues and complications of dealing with what you pay over book, how you deal with goodwill, how you integrate a culture, you do the systems. I mean there is a whole host of issues, social issues and financial and operational issues, when you buy an asset. I mean we did that, we have a wonderful asset – we have a wonderful portfolio. We are in jurisdictions where we want to be. We are extremely comfortable with who we are. We know who we want to be. We have got wonderful skill sets. And so we don’t really have to look across the landscape. And I think bet the future on trying to integrate an asset under the current market conditions.
Kim Cocklin: No pause. There is going to be more deals. I mean you have got people out there that supine gas is a very attractive story. They want to get it in their portfolio if they do not have it right now and natural gas. Obviously, it’s the future for energy in this country. I mean energy is a very fundamental food group of a healthy economy. Once we get past November and the elections I think with where gas prices are and where exploration efforts are in the country and the ability – it’s an affordable all-American product. So it makes all the sense in the world and there is good reason I mean I don’t think – I think the multiples are going to stay where they are at in this space as well, because I think interest rates will probably remain very low, but I think people are seeing a lot of value right now and continue to see value in natural gas.
