Chris Forsythe: Yes, sure, Richard. This is Chris. Good morning. Really the O&M spending was generally in line with our expectations. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, when you look at our current year compared to the prior year quarter, the prior year quarter was a bit of a low mark. So when you look at where we are now, it's roughly a 15% increase quarter-over-quarter. But we looked to the midpoint of our guidance compared with last year's O&M levels, that's about a 3% increase. So right now, we're still seeing O&M trending in that $7 million to $10 million range. And we believe that at least where we are as we sit today that that spending will continue to be in line with this expectation.
Chris Forsythe: Sure. Again, we typically execute '18 to '22 annual regulatory filings. The fiscal second quarter is our busiest filing period. So we'll be making a number of GRIP filings at APT as well as in our Mid-Tex and West Texas divisions. We'll also be making a regulatory filing in Mississippi in early March as well as in Louisiana, and a secondary filing in July in Mississippi. So a lot of activity to be coming over the next several months. Much of this will be implemented by the end of the fiscal year. We will also file our West Texas and Mid-Tex filings, generally at the end of March 1, first part of April, and those are scheduled to become implemented on or around October 1. So really at start of the next fiscal year. With respect to APT, the general rate case is scheduled to begin in our fiscal 2023 time period. So we've factored that into our five-year plan. So the GRIP filing that we'll make here in mid February will be the last GRIP filing before that annual rate proceeding next year.
Chris Forsythe: Sure. So our effective tax rate for the first quarter was about 5.9% that we're anticipating, including the excess deferred tax liabilities and effective income tax rate in the 7% to 9%, given that we are refunding these excess deferred tax liabilities over the next three to five years, that effective tax rate should be in place in that general range over that time period. So when you back out the impact of the excess deferred tax liability refunds, the marginal effective income tax rate is in the 22% to 24% range.
Chris Forsythe: Yes, I think the Rider REV comment is spot on, Kevin. We don't -- we certainly think about that in our planning process. It is not a material portion of APT business.
Chris Forsythe: Sure. So the big maturity that you see next year is the $2.2 billion interim Winter Storm financing we executed last March. We're anticipating with the completion of the Texas securitization process by the end of the fiscal year that we would use the net proceeds received from that securitization process to repay that $2.2 billion. So, again, setting aside the $2.2 billion, when you look at it, the average maturity is 19.23 years. We're in a very, very good spot. And as we continue to execute the five-year financing plan, Dan is here and his team are looking at all the options that are on the table in terms of laddering and maturity schedules, all in with the idea of trying to minimize costs for our customers.
Kevin Akers: Thank you. So on Kansas, as I said, we're kind of in early stages right now and beginning the securitization proceedings. In the terms of tenders, it will depend upon what market conditions look like. We're obviously going to be looking to seek AAA rating on that. And we will be working with our banking partners as well as with the staff to determine the appropriate period to make these securitization costs, if you will, as affordable as we can for our Kansas customers. But it's still too early to tell where we are at this point.
Kevin Akers: Yes, the dialogue we've had with both Moody's and S&P has been -- they've basically been telling us we're going to wait to see what the Texas Railroad Commission financing looks like. That was issued yesterday. I'm sure they have a copy of that. We're anticipating conversations with those rating agencies hopefully here this second fiscal quarter.
Kevin Akers: You're talking about particularly here in the metroplex, Julien. As Chris mentioned in his opening remarks, we've been growing just a little bit north of that 1.7% here in the metroplex, probably in the 40,000 to 45,000 customer range per year. It's a lot of residential growth. And as you get those rooftops, as you know, you'll have the supporting commercial businesses as well. We do have a few industrial customers that come in the metroplex area. A lot of this is also showing up in residential rooftops down in the Austin corridor as well. Again, that's why we're putting in that Permian connector line down there; forecasted growth, forecasted demand, expansion down there with all of the people moving in from various locations across the country. That's what we're seeing at least here in Texas across our other jurisdictions, as we talked about, it's been a really good diverse mix of not only residential but as well as industrial growth as well. I think at our fourth quarter call that we added 45 industrial customers last year that we anticipate once they're fully online or utilized somewhere between 12 BCF and 14 BCF of natural gas, that equates to around 200,000 residential customers. And these are customers that are in the metals, they're in healthcare, they're in the auto industry, a good variety of distilling. So we're getting a good mix of natural gas demand and response for the product across all sectors, whether that's Kentucky, Tennessee, Mississippi, good industrial growth. We continue to see good residential growth in our Colorado properties with people coming from the West Coast into Colorado, and then again outside of Olathe, Kansas property.
Kevin Akers: Yes, so I'll start out and then hand over to Chris. The short answer is no on that. As you've heard us talk about at the end of last quarter when we kind of rolled out our five-year plan and forward-look there, we did have some of this contemplated in our O&M projection that Chris just talked about. As well you've heard us also talk about we worked very hard throughout the procurement team to stay ahead of some of our needs. We try and keep at least a six-month inventory. We're trying to increase that now, whether that's at our supplier or in our own warehouses. And as you may have heard us say before, all of our steel pipe needs for this fiscal year, all those projects that we just talked about, all that pipe is on site, at location. So we feel like we're in really good shape. We stay ahead of our needs to our vendors. So at this point, I think given the work for our procurement team, given that we've got our pipe needs, at least our steel pipe needs covered at this point, we anticipate that our O&M levels that we have baked in right now should be able to handle what we're seeing right now. It should not have any impact on our CapEx spend going forward in the short range.
Kevin Akers: Well, as I said in my opening remarks there, this is going to be a 22 mile line, 36-inch. It certainly will help us meet the forecasted growth in that Austin corridor, both in Williamson and Travis counties down there. And we anticipate this line to be in service late this calendar year, it could be first of next year. We're well on our way with all the necessary aspects to get that project rolling forward. So you're right. Those are the projects outlined; Phase 2, S2 Phase 2 and Phase 3 of S2 and then project here are the major projects we have on tap for APT along with the finalization of that third cavern there. And those all again will bring that diversity, reliability and versatility to APT system, many areas to bring supply and increase capacity.
Kevin Akers: Well, as we've said before, we certainly don't have our heads in the sand here. We always got our eyes and ears open on the market and what's going on. But we believe we have the best properties out there and we're in very supportive natural gas states, communities, we have very supportive regulatory and legislative jurisdiction that you know with six of our eight states having All Fuels Bill. Another one, Virginia, I believe has something in the legislature this year along the lines of an All Fuels Bill, so that could move us to seven of our eight jurisdictions. As we talked about this morning, these communities are growing. They're expanding both residential, commercial and industrial. And as we've talked about before, we don't need an acquisition to meet our 6% to 8% earnings per share growth that we talked about in our plan. So at this point, we remain focused on executing our system modernization strategy, as we continue our journey to be the safest provider in natural gas services.
