Christopher Forsythe: Right. And so Chris backing up to November, it was $748 million total equity issuance, of which, $500 million before costs were taken into the first quarter, $245 million was allocated to forward sales arrangements that expire in March of 2020. And our plan was to draw down the $245 million between January of 2019 and March 31 of 2020. When we had the opportunity presented to us that was unplanned when we moved to the S&P 500 in February, we issued $160 million under our ATM, under forward sales arrangements. So we have a total of $404 million in total forward arrangements available to us through the end of March of 2020. And we'll take that down over that next - basically over the next 11 months to 12 months based on our cash needs. But again, all of us have been contemplated in our 6% to 8% earnings per share growth target for fiscal '19 and in the five-year plan and the - net forward - the forward arrangements that we took out in February are going to be applied against our fiscal 2020 equity needs, it will not be dilutive to fiscal '19.
Christopher Forsythe: That's correct. Yes, we'll certainly start in the - towards the end of fiscal '19, the exact amount will be - to be determined based on our cash flow projections and cash needs.
Christopher Forsythe: But we have to utilize all of those equity need - all of that equity by the end of - March of 2020, because the forward sales arrangements expire March 31st of 2020.
Christopher Forsythe: Admitting that we will not have a discrete equity needs such as a large scale block trade that we've done the last couple of years with the ATM remains available to us and we intend to consider using that as we go forward as part of our overall financing strategy and needs, honestly. You think back to our five-year plan that we rolled out last fall, we have $5 billion to $6 billion of incremental financing needs and we intend to satisfy those needs through a balance of long-term debt and equity. And so we're still executing towards that plan.
Christopher Forsythe: Yes, that's correct. In the summer months as you know, Chris we have to reduce the pressure on the pipeline for maintenance work to get ready for winter operations. So we don't have as much opportunity to take advantage of those spreads. We do see some modest uptick, but between the fact that the pressure is going to be coming down on the system for maintenance work and the fact that we have Rider REVs in place, where we always share in 25% of that upside. We do, like I said, we do anticipate a modest uptick that we've contemplated in our guidance, but we don't anticipate that to be all that material in the grand scheme of things.
Christopher Forsythe: Yes, since the - I mean, since the designs were put in - the systems were put in over a longer period of time, there are various solutions to that, but yes, we have pressure sensors, we have pressure release devices as well. So we've got that type of protection in the system and what we're doing now is just going back through and doing a comprehensive review and seeing it, there are other interim or other steps we should take as it relates to low pressure.
Christopher Forsythe: Yes, we will seek to recover those costs maybe annual mechanisms that we have in the various jurisdictions. Again, it's safety-related. And I think everyone has got a keen eye on what happened last fall and all of our regulators have a commitment to safety and we would seek to recover those costs in our next round of filings.
Christopher Forsythe: In the first calendar quarter. So year-over-year, we're up about $4.5 million quarter-over-quarter we're up about $1 million. So it was about $3.5 million in the first quarter year-over-year - quarter-over-quarter last fiscal year - I'm sorry, last quarter.
Christopher Forsythe: Yes. As we look into our third and fourth fiscal quarters I mean we do see the opportunity for a modest uptick in the - in those spreads. But as I indicated, with the maintenance work that we have planned for the pipe - the summer, combined with the effect of the Rider REV mechanism and how we share - 75% of that upside benefit flows back to the tariff customers on APT, we expect that to - that impact to be modest for us.
Christopher Forsythe: Virtually all of that is the timing of the - of our deferred gas cost recoveries. We were somewhat over-recovered last year and we began working that balance down, returning those monies back to customers through the PGA and that continued into this year. So that - that's virtually all of the decrease. And that was planned as we moved into fiscal '19.
Christopher Forsythe: Yes, it should level out now that after we kind of got into a situation where last year, we just moved a lot of volumes because it was cold and this happens to us from time to time under those PGA mechanisms in every jurisdiction got a different time period in which those rates are reset and so we're just working through that standard process. So we should be back to more on the call the day quote-unquote normal run rate going forward.
Christopher Forsythe: Well, there are couple of things. We issued the forwards in February under the ATM program. So - and we could - you can go out and issue shares on a daily basis, if you want. In the past where we've executed what I would call more of a regular way of the issuance where we were taken those shares and it would become diluted daily as we move forward. This forward - or the ATM program that we stood out last fall, we added a forward feature to it and that gives us the ability to access the market on a daily basis and then basically allocate those shares under forward arrangements. So it could be a daily, it can be around an unplanned liquidity event like we did in February. It's all subject to the average daily trading volumes in kind of what and how ATM programs generally works. So we don't have any specifics around. We have to target this, we've to target that. We'll just - we look the market conditions and we'll take advantage for our pricing as we see it.
Christopher Forsythe: No. The only limit we have is that, we have to utilize all of the forwards and all of that cash of those net proceeds under those arrangements by March 31 of 2020 when those arrangements expire.
Michael Haefner: And Chris as you look into 2020, the expectation is the Gulf Coast Express is expected to be in service in the October-November timeframe. So we expect that to begin affecting spreads in the 2020 timeframe. And the key is that, our customers are benefiting from lower cost gas and then also through the Rider REV mechanism with - in terms of their transport costs, gas costs.
Michael Haefner: No - it's a good question, Charles and I mean, we operated in our low pressure systems. I mean, for a long time and we're constantly working on them. As Chris mentioned, we have been pretty proactive in terms of doing a full system evaluation design evaluation and we've kind of reaffirmed and reviewed all of our procedures, re-communicated them, we've created geo-fencing in our GIS systems. So when there our line locates calls that are anywhere near a low pressure systems, we'll have individuals from the Company there to monitor any construction or digging in near our assets and then this review of our system design will then guide our next set of actions which may involve bifurcating those systems or providing, putting other kind of technical solutions like slam shut devices or additional releases on based on the needs. So we're well along that process and we expect that we haven't seen anything that concerns us at this time.
Michael Haefner: Yes, certainly the 70% of our hazardous leaks or calls by third-party damage. It's a very significant focus of our efforts and advocacy and it will continue to be and as I mentioned for the low pressure systems, we've taken the steps to geo-fence them in this electronically within our GIS system, so that as line locates coming in, if we have anybody work in near those systems we're going to have somebody monitoring it.
Michael Haefner: Yes, I think what we're seeing is a normal part of the process, Dave. I mean, earlier this year, we filed the $10.1 million rate increase request in accordance with the annual mechanism, we agreed to early in 2017, that request is on the City Council agenda today. City staff, we've been working with them and their consultants and representatives and they've acknowledged the efforts on both sides and try to reach an agreement. However, we haven't been able to do so in time for their needed approvals. So the staffs recommended that the City Council denied the request. Now that denial would trigger an appeal process to the Railroad Commission which we've been down that path before and our plans to continue to work with the city, we share common interest certainly on replacing aging infrastructure and we've been investing for many, many years in Dallas and we expect to reach the agreement in some point in time in the future. Our Company has made a $119 million of infrastructure improvements in the City of Dallas during that test year and we also agreed to accelerate our cast iron replacement at the city's request to 2021 and getting the last that remove in 2021 versus 2023. So maybe a longer answer than you were looking for but it's - I think, we're continuing to have discussions and we'll continue to move down the path to try to find a win-win solution.
Michael Haefner: Sure. We don't have much of an update, that the core of engineers completed soil samples, they are requested in the area, they were requested to do that by the NTSB and then a public release in late February or early March, the NTSB indicated that they are finding a fact or factual report would be expected in June that - so that's the next step that would come from them and that would not at that time include any probable cause or safety recommendations, those will be sometime later and there is no timeframe on them. In the meantime, we continue to work with the NTSB and we continue to move forward on improvements in our processes around safety and then our safety investment in our systems so.
Michael Haefner: Sure, and let me - for others on the call, with the Georgetown situation is pretty much behind us right now. It goes back to February 20th and there was a leak reported. We responded and identified two leaks and repaired those leaks and then what we identified was residual gas in the soil that had migrated and that led us to evacuate up to at a peak 85 structures that affected approximately 140 combined businesses and residents. And then we worked on getting that residual gas out of the soil. So all the evacuations have been listed except for one business and during this process, we provided financial support and we've been processing any claims for affected businesses and residences. We've got business interruption in insurance we believe will cover any cost that they get into that territory and we don't expect the impact. So we don't expect the impact to be material on the year, but that's largely behind us and I'll tell you about our team did, just an absolutely phenomenal job of responding to the situation there, working with the community and with all the regulators and city and state leaders.
