Kim Cocklin: So our base year – our base year related to that plan was our '16 through '20 plan. And so we're building that off, you know it came out with the five year plan when we launched it last year. So…
Kim Cocklin: Maybe base it off the 305 that we actually launched off of in '15, so when you put this '16 to '20 plan out, I'd say put guidance down, we launched it off the weather adjusted 305 for 2015.
Kim Cocklin: We retained some of the assets about two thirds of revenues that were generated are retained by us with assets that are traditionally characterized as regulated operations. And they were - those are intrastate pipeline and storage facilities that we owned and that were relied upon by the marketing group to serve certain of the customers behind our city gate customers. And those are customer that not being transferred with the sale. So about one third of the operations are gone….
Kim Cocklin: We are not paying anything to working capital. They are just reimbursing us for what the working capital amount is.
Mike Haefner: Yes, Brian this Mike Haefner. That’s still working its way through, expected earliest implementation date will be 2018. And as we've said before, we always welcome fair balance, safety regulations because it really drives incremental investment in our system.
Mike Haefner: Hold on, I think its important to recognize that we're not relying on the promulgation or issuance of any new regulations to support our capital budget going forward. The 1.1 to 1.25 is essentially the amount that we need to spend in order to – get to the point that we want to get to with the current regulatory structure in place. So nothing we have in our guidance for this year through 2020 is based on a hope or prayer or something that you know might or might not occur in '17 and it also bakes in to the equation you know the sale of marketing and what has been so, what's and retained.
Mike Haefner: I mean, the real the only case you got to concern yourself with is APT, that’s the rate filing that we're going to make probably on January 7th, all this other stuff is formulaic, I mean, its pretty much settlements that we make on an annual basis, the RRMs and stuff and those will be reported. But filing of the APT case is really the one that you know want to watch and its really not going to have effect in '17 or not very little effect in '17.  So you'll have plenty of opportunity to react to anything that comes out that case, that maybe unanticipated but we're not expecting anything, we're filing as we talked about with you and everybody else we're filing that case down the middle of the fairway we're not proposing any unique or new features or relying on any policy program, regulations that are not in place already. So that’s the one and it will filed in January and you along with everybody else will get ample information surrounding that case.
