Robert W. Best: Yesterday we were pleased to report first quarter consolidated net income of $93 million or $1.00 per diluted share. Our regulated operations contributed 64% of our total net income while the non-regulated operations contributed 35%. During the quarter we also renewed two committed credit facilities. In October we renewed Atmos Energy Corporation’s $200 million 364 day facility and in December Atmos Energy Marketing’s $450 million 364 day facility was also renewed. During the quarter our debt to capitalization ratio improved to 51% at December 31 compared with 54.4% one year ago. In short term debt this quarter is about half of what it was one year ago. I’ll remind you that the amount of unused borrowing capacity is affected by the seasonal nature of our business. Our working capital requirements increased as we begin the winter heating season. Our high water market for short term debt is traditionally in late January and should begin to decline as customers begin paying their winter heating bills.   Yesterday our board of directors declared our 105th consecutive quarterly cash dividend. Our indicated annual dividend rate for fiscal 2010 is now $1.34. Now, I’ll ask Fred Meisenheimer to review the financial drivers for the first quarter of fiscal 2010 and then I’ll return for closing comments and we’ll all be glad to take your questions at that time.
Robert W. Best: I’ll make a few closing comments and then we’ll be glad to take your questions. As Fred has outlined, we are encouraged by our earnings report for the first quarter of fiscal 2010. Our fundamental business is delivering safe and reliable natural gas under the rules of our regulatory agencies in the states that we serve. Successful rate activity is critical to the financial performance of our gas distribution segment. Last week the Railroad Commission of Texas issued a final order on our November 2008 rate case with the city of Dallas and ENVIRON, served by our mid Texas division. In the final order the Railroad Commission approved a $3 million increase in operating income, a 10.4% return on equity, an overall rate of return of 8.6% and a capital structure of 51% debt and 49% equity. Additionally, the residential monthly customer charge was raised from $14 to $16. We appreciate the Commission’s recognition of the return level necessary to attract capital in today’s environment. By increasing our allowed ROE to 10.4% it provides support to discuss an increase as we pursue the renewal of our rate review mechanism with the [settled] cities in our mid Texas division. We have begun negotiations with the cities and we are very optimistic that the mechanism will be extended. We currently have rate actions filed and pending in our Kansas, Missouri, Kentucky and Louisiana service area with total about $28 million in requests. We intend to file another 10 to 15 cases in total with requests about $50 million by fiscal year end. Even though Atmos Pipeline Texas has gone through some challenging times this quarter with volumes being lost out of the Barnett Shale and contracting of basis spreads and increased competition in the region, the regulated pipeline remains a very solid asset and has performed very well for us over the years. We expect to file a full rate case in September of this year on the pipeline, our first since we acquired the pipeline in 2004. In the near term we expect to make a filing by the end of March under the Texas GRIP legislation to recover the 2009 capital expenditures on the Atmos Pipeline Texas system. In our non-regulated pipeline business we are in negotiations to enter in to a joint venture agreement with a third party to develop the Fort Necessity storage project and are actively pursuing a reasonable outcome. We have nothing further to report on this matter at this time but we will continue to update you with any material developments when the occur.  Our non-regulated operations will continue to complement the regulated businesses by pursuing and adding value around the utility assets. Over 75% of the marketing segments margins are estimated to be predictable delivered gas sales. Our marketing business is in a very good competitive position operating on 38 pipelines in 22 states. We are expanding in to new markets, most recently in Kansas and Virginia. Atmos Energy Marketing is in a strong credit position having just renewed the $450 million committed revolving credit facility in December. At today’s natural gas prices this is more than ample credit to serve the operational needs of the business.  In closing I’ll just say our company continues to perform at a very high level. As always we strive for consistency and dependability. Our goal remains as it has to grow our earnings per share 4% to 6% a year and we are on track to do that this year for the 10th consecutive year.  That concludes our prepared remarks and now we’ll be glad to take your questions.
Robert W. Best: We’re hopeful that we’ll have something to announce in the near future. We continue to negotiate on that. Really, our goal going in was either to sell the properties – we’ve said before it’s a very good asset but we recognize that the development of storage and a long term project and it’s not something we have particular expertise in. Secondly, it’s going to take a lot of capital and as we’ve reviewed our three to five year plan we recognize that we have many other projects to spend our capital on.  The joint venture part, really either a sale or joint venture was always our goal going in to the negotiations so it really hasn’t been a change in strategy. Either way, as we said, it’s a good asset and we just realize there are others who do this and we’re not in that business so that’s the reason we’re trying to make this sale of Fort Necessity.
Robert W. Best: Well, it is still a focus for us I think we will continue to look for good opportunities to grow. In recent times I think if you look back five or six years the prices that were being paid were just beyond what we thought we could compete with or should compete with. I think we see better opportunity in the market but we will continue to look for good opportunities particularly near our existing assets. But, we have nothing to report at this time but we’ll continue to talk and look. Our balance sheet is in good shape so that’s what we always try to do is be ready and be prepared and if a good opportunity comes up we’re able to take advantage of it.
Robert W. Best: Back on slide 28 Barry, you’ll see the breakdown and regulated transmission and storage capture is the APT numbers. APT I think Fred captured it right, it’s all a function of the through system business and the decline there. This year we have stepped it down considerably, we’ve reduced our budget estimate to about $51 million from upwards of $62 I think. We started at $62 brought it down to $51 so everything is baked in for the rest of the year so they’re pretty confident we’ve got a good estimate in place right now. We don’t see the basis coming back this year at all. Whether it will be next year or the following year, at some point it will swing back but that portion of the business has been reflected in the annual budget numbers.
Robert W. Best: Well there aren’t any incremental costs on our side of the equation. We are not going to invest anymore in to it and the in service date is kind of moving around but from the time they would start the project or pick it up from where we left off it would probably be about a three year time line before the first cavern which would have a 5 bcf capacity would come on line. So, we’re looking at 2014 probably.
Robert W. Best: Well longer term obviously we’re very bullish like everybody else is on the drilling activity and most of that stems from the investments that were made by Exxon and Total to take interests out of XPL and Chesapeake. So you’ve got some very major players that are going to come in with some deep capital pockets and have quite a bit of their capital directed towards producing the field. So long term we are very, very excited about the opportunities that are presented in the Barnett Shale. We think it’s ahead of other shale plays that are out there now.
Robert W. Best: I think it stays flat for a while. There’s been a lot of capacity that’s been built and when that capacity fills up that’s when basis will probably start reacting and spreads will become a little more – 
Robert W. Best: I think we are also getting some healthy pickups on the utility side with the distribution business. This cold weather is helping throughput. As Fred indicated, we saw a 7% increase in throughput on the utility division and that has helped significantly and we are also continuing to experience pretty cold weather. We had a very good January because when it was cold it was cold and when it was warm it was warm and that’s what we like. February we’ve started out cold in quite a bit of our service territories. The thing that we have to remember is that we’re very geographically diverse so we can take advantage of weather patterns as they move across the country. 
Fred E. Meisenheimer: The increase competition is from additional pipes that have been put in to service recently. The basis spreads are down there flat basically all the way across and we don’t necessarily see those coming back any time soon. We think that that basis spread will stay down. We think the increased competition will stay out there and so we will lose some amount of throughput to that competition.  As industrial demand begins to rise, we had a slight rise this time 4%, as we see that improving we will see margin of throughput increasing again. That will depend upon recovery in the economy and recovery of the industrial base. 
Fred E. Meisenheimer: That’s exactly the transportation that’s been affected by the reductions in the budget. So it’s the transportation we provide for producers in the Barnett Shale that are taking gas from the field to the interstate market. The $39 million represents the demand charges of the $51 million that we have budgeted. So, we’ve got $51 budgeted, we’ve got $39 million for sure. 
Fred E. Meisenheimer: It’s demand charges for transportation. We consider take or pay for supply purposes and it’s $39 million for demand charges for just reserving capacity for moving the volumes.
Fred E. Meisenheimer: That’s correct. Last year we realized all of that in the majority of our first quarter last year whereas this year where as this year we deferred storage withdrawals and rolled contracts and so we will see that coming in in the second quarter this year.
Fred E. Meisenheimer: If you’ll look at the economic value schedule that we have, we show that we have economic value of about $22.7 million and the vast majority, nearly all of that, will come in in the second quarter. 
Fred E. Meisenheimer: I’d just say we continue to project gas prices at about the $6 to $8 range and I think if prices stay in that range producers are going to develop. It’s really our hope that they do because then all segments are healthy, producers can go ahead and drill, they can develop the shale for that price and I think we’ve got right now demands down a little bit nationally so that’s having an impact on the supply but I think in the next year to 18 months we expect things to pick up.
Fred E. Meisenheimer: Well again last year we recognized or realized those gains in the first quarter where this year in that piece of the business we elected to defer storage withdrawals and we rolled those contracts forward and so we will see that coming in in the second quarter and it is nearly all the economic value you see, the $22.7 million, nearly all of that comes in second quarter. We believe that will happen, some of it is already happening and so it is just movement from one quarter to the next in our view.
Fred E. Meisenheimer: There’s no reopeners but we’re obviously engaged in discussion right now relating to the extension of that mechanism because it does term out and so consequently we have already commenced those discussions and people are very mindful and aware that return is an item that is on the table for discussion and the action by the Commission certainly provides a lot of support and recognition by regulators that a return north of 9.6 is something that is necessary to be competitive to attract capital in today’s market. So we’re very, very optimistic and as Bob said we expect to continue to extend the settlement mechanism.
Fred E. Meisenheimer: They don’t match up exactly dollar for dollar on the dollar in and dollar out. There is some timing that occurs there. As you know we are getting that more in line in recent times and I have included schedules I think in some of the appendix we have with our slide deck showing that information. Over time they are getting closer to a dollar in dollar out and if you look at slide 42 it will show you the effect of the timing on that.
