Kim Cocklin: Thank you. Thank you very much, Susan and good morning, everyone. It's early here in Dallas, but we want to send the shout out to all you Brady fans and congratulations to the Patriots. We do appreciate you joining us and your interest in Atmos Energy. We are off to another very, very good start. We continue to refine and sharpen our business model of delivering safe and reliable natural gas to the over the 3.1 million customers we serve in eight states and after divesting the non-regulated marketing business effective January 01, we're now the largest pure play natural gas only distributor traded on the New York Stock Exchange and the reorganization of our portfolio of asset is now complete. As a 100% fully regulated utility, we will take full advantage of this opportunity to intensify our focus on our strategy and vision of becoming the safest natural gas utility. Progress with our rates and regulatory framework continues to provide rate relief, which is the primary driver of our financial performance. We continue to emphasize and build relationships with our regulators and communicate the importance of our infrastructure investments to ensure the safety and reliability of our system. And as of yesterday, rate outcomes have provided annual operating increases of about $20 million and we filed cases that are pending, which seek about $78 million of increases. The more significant filings include the APT general rate case, the intrastate pipeline, which we've talked to everyone about for about the last three years, filed with the Texas Railroad Commission in early January and we are seeking to recover a deficiency of about $55 million. As again we had emphasize that there are no surprises in this filing, the test period for the case ended on September 30, 2016. The proposed rates are designed with a 13.5% return on equity and a 59% equity component and a rate base value of roughly $1.77 billion. The filing as you recall, is required by the GRIP Statute and will provide a comprehensive review of our existing rates as well as a review of all capital investments made under the GRIP Statute. The procedural schedule is expected to be final this week and a final order is required by law to be issued on or before July 10 of this year. Other filings that are currently pending include the rate stabilization clause in Louisiana's trans-law jurisdiction seeking a deficiency of about $4 million, the annual review mechanism in Tennessee seeking $2 million, the rate review mechanism for the West Texas cities of about $5 million and the Dallas annual rate review for the City of Dallas requesting $10 million and these are all part of the annual mechanisms that we have in place in those jurisdictions. We do expect to make between 12 to 15 more filings this fiscal year, which will request between $70 million and $80 million of additional operating increases and most of this is shown on Slide 18 provides the summary of those expected remaining 17 filings. Again, we've begun our sixth consecutive year of executing our strategy to grow by investing in our regulated assets. We're projecting to invest between $1.1 billion and $1.25 billion of capital this year and $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion every year through fiscal '20 and the successful execution of this strategy is critical to making our system more safe and reliable growing our rate base and achieving our commitment to provide an increase to earnings per share of 6% to 8% annually, which translates into our earnings per share guidance of 410 440 in fiscal of 2020. Again, it's very important to emphasize and recognize that we're now able to have a singular focus because our portfolio of assets are fully regulated and we'll continue to build upon the trust and straighten the important relationships we have with our customers, regulators and legislatures in the states and communities we serve. Finally, our results are coming for our existing operations with no reliance on stock buybacks or one-time adjustments. We voted with our pocketbook again for our shareholders and our Board raised the indicated annual dividend rate for fiscal '17 to a $1.80, a 7.1% increase over last year. Yesterday the 133rd consecutive quarterly cash dividend of $0.45 per share was declared and we will continue our commitment to deliver total shareholder return in the 9% to 11% range through fiscal '20. Now I am very pleased to introduce you our new Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Chris Forsythe. Chris joined our company in 2003, coming to us from Price Waterhouse Cooper. He served as Vice President and Controller since 2009, giving him exposure and leadership responsibility in all areas of finance and accounting for the company. He most recently led the team responsible for the sale of the nonregulated assets. Chris has the trust and confidence of our Board. He will be a great asset to the Senior Management Team and will be a tremendous Chief Financial Officer. Chris, welcome.
Kim Cocklin: Yes Chris, the rate feature was market-based revenue as credited back to the LBC primarily LDC customers, the benchmark was set in the last case 2011 at $84 million. And in our annual filings we've been coming in under that. As you know there is 75-25 share. So, we pick up 25%. We're insulated from that perspective. Customers would pick up 75% of any shortfall and vice versa if we run over customers benefit and 75% of any of the over. So, we've been coming in under. If you look at the filing, the filing request an adjustment to that benchmark of just around $70 million. Based on what we're seeing in terms of the changing marketplace. lower basis spreads and also declining volumes out of the Barnette shale.
Kim Cocklin: Correct, correct. That's why Chris, we're adjusting it from $84 million to $70 million as we've been running on. The mechanism we're proposing not to change this year and allocation either.
Kim Cocklin: Yes, the earnings monitor report is filed annually and that's available. It's a public record and that reflects the return, the overall return that was achieved by the pipeline in that 12-month period and to the extent that we exceed our overall rate of return, which is the 11.8 per equity at current 50.5 design and then weighted average cost of debt, which gives us a 9.36 overall return, which includes a 75 basis point band around that but we've never ever exceeded that cap.
Kim Cocklin: Well, it's very early and we are very confident that we went ahead and restated and reconfirmed the guidance at that level. So, we are obviously again -- first quarter start, we thought we had an excellent quarter. Everything is performing as expected. We might have spend a little bit on O&M, but we expect that to come back in line. So, everything is lining up right now to provide us to meet the commitments that we've made to the state in the earnings range and then to generate the 6% to 8% earnings per share that we've talked about continuing to invest in the right base to do that.
Kim Cocklin: We're in Texas, we're succeeding from the union, that's the plan. We're in that mercy, we're very thankful that we're regulated by very balanced states. All the tax information, we obviously have our subject matter experts in house, including Chris and our Vice President of Tax and then the folks in the rates and planning area. They're all studying the proposals, but who knows where they'll end up. We're staying on top of it and the information that's being provided from some other folks, we're just not in a position to provide any kind of anticipated outcome given the total uncertainty surrounding what happens in Washington. We'll wait, you might pick up -- if you're on Saturday Night Live, I think there's some better information of what's coming out daily, but it's just -- we're managing our business for the long-term and as I said before, we thrived during an Obama Administration. We thrived during the Bush Administration. We thrived during the Clinton Administration. We're going to be able to thrive and manage and that's our responsibility and accountability. So, we'll adjust if necessary, but everything that's coming out right now and most of the proposals look to be extremely manageable from our standpoint the way that we're currently capitalized and the way that we currently continue to execute our strategy.
Kim Cocklin: Yeah, I think that we are positioned like in the pipeline team again we started 3.5 ago there is absolutely no surprises to the folks that are in that case. It would do us no good. So, we want to maintain a relationship and the credibility and trust that we build with the customers and with the regulators and so there is nothing in that case other than the fact that we haven't been in for 6.5 years. So, we do have a significant deficiency, which reflects the current rate design which builds upon a 13.5 return upon a much different capital structure, which includes a 59% equity layer versus the current, the existing rates of 50.5 and then you've got a significant increase in O&M because of the need to comply with all the new regulations. The existing rates are designed on $80 million of O&M and we're spending close to $130 million right now. So, those things will be talked about and we want to be the safest natural gas utility. Our customers want safe and reliable service and we're going to work with them and meet them in the middle.
Kim Cocklin: It was litigated. It was the outcome of a litigated -- certain of the issues were resolved and settled prior to the litigation, but I think the return was definitely litigated in that case and may be depreciation and normally you'll find it -- they'll pick in shoes. There's a lot of the cost that are included that we're requesting that are agreed-upon as part of the cost of service and then the rate base again has been reviewed as part of the GRIP proceedings and the filings that we've made. So, they'll be continued oversight of that and a little bit about a look back, but in the last case, I think we had a very small amount of the GRIP that we adjusted may be $1 million. It's a pretty prescriptive process and it lends itself to the opportunity of all the parties to conduct of very good and full review, but at the same time, to have as Mike said, plenty of opportunity for discussion, but it does have to be fairly -- they're prescriptive in terms of the discovery dates and the answers to those discovery requests and then the filing of the testimony and the hearing on the issues that are going to be heard, the initial decision and then the briefings and comments on that initial decision and then leading to the statutory deadline of July 10 of this year. But again, you're right to ask all the questions and we are in as good a position as we can. We can't emphasize the fact that we started looking and preparing for this about three 3, 3.5 years ago and this is certainly not our first rodeo here in Texas.
Kim Cocklin: That GRIP filing that Mike's talking about covers the period of investment -- capital investment from October 1 to 12-31-16. We have the test period ending September 30. So, all of the rates in the case that are being composed, include all of the cost and investment up until September 30 and once we get out of the case, then we will file what everybody calls a stub filing for that three month of investment and that $85 million will be included in that filing.
Kim Cocklin: Absolutely, which makes it, it's very unique because of that there is very little lag. It's immediately accretive given the transportation contracts we have that we acquired with the pipeline and that piece of that pipeline provides significant benefits to our customers. It was mentioned earlier, it's 140 miles. It runs West to East, North of the DFW Metroplex. We have one interconnected with our system today. We expect to add three others. It will be integrated in a very short order and all of our growth -- a lot of our growth is North of the Metroplex. So, it provides immediate fortification, give us additional access to additional supply in Barnette shale as well as eventually we'll be able to bring in Oklahoma and Northeast Gas and so our customers will benefit tremendously and we're able to purchase that fraction of the cost that will take to build something like that. So, it's truly a win-win.
Kim Cocklin: Absolutely. That's a very important lever that we have available to us because we have one of the -- it may be the lowest payout ratio in the peer group. So consequently, our highest and best use right now based on the current laws that are in place and the tax statement is to pour the dollars back into the ground and improve our safety and reliability. But for sure, if there is motivation and incentives, then you're rewarded and we need to reward our shareholders in that manner, we certainly would.
Kim Cocklin: For the 118 it was set back in the 11 and there is a much different economic climate out there. There is currently different administration out there. I mean there's a whole lot of discussion and debate about what the tax treatment should be. The fed has indicated that they are definitely going to on make a move this year once now we hear twice maybe three times, so you are looking at 75 basis point potential move maybe even more depending on what the economy does.  So, I mean given the risk profile of the intrastate pipeline and the fact that the peer group is the FERC and you cover those folks. So, I mean that's what they're going to look at and we are not being overzealous in requesting a 13.5%. We think that reflects the level of our return that we need to compete and attract capital in the marketplace going forward.
Kim Cocklin: It will be. There is better that the actualcapstructure for the parent because we're not the hold-co. It is what it is and 60% equity ratio and taxes is recognized as it's not out of the ordinary. And again it's not considered excessive. And we don't anticipate much of an argument on the 59.7 that we've reflected in the case. And in taxes short-term debt is excluded from calculation which is why this is coming at 59.
Kim Cocklin: No, no. That's a statute, that's legislation. So, the regulators really can't touch that, that has to be adjusted over, it would be modified only by the legislature and that legislation was enacted in 2003.
Kim Cocklin: Nice try, nice try. We're not getting there yet, we've not taken it, come on. We'll remind you that when we established the 410 to 440 for the 2020 fiscal period, it was prior to the time that we filed this case, I think it was year and half ago or so that we established. So, we baked in assumptions and again we're not -- we don't put out those commitments lightly, those are things that trust and confidence by you all we know that you take into the bank and put them in your model. So, we've got. Those are very important and we understand the significance and importance of making those representations.
Kim Cocklin: We have some capacity available yes and there has been a lot of interest in conversations with producers. 
Kim Cocklin: We haven't included at this point to find out the opportunity for incremental capital investment, but that is something that where the team is looking at as well as at this point in time. Obviously, anything that we would do there is really in to the benefit of our LDC customers. I mean we are in a good location out there and we have expanded in the past, so we have the capability with our right away that we have in place to potentially look at the flow studies that would incorporate some additional looping of lines to increase capacity or we could add compression. And that's all certainly you know a daily task that we look at and if the need arises and the opportunity that arises we are in positions to take full advantage of it. 
Kim Cocklin: Really that acquisition of North Texas pipeline for [Manley] gives us an awful lot of opportunity as east end of that 140-mile pipeline, we got interconnects with three interstate lines. We don't have the capability right now, but in the future we would have the capability to bring gas into the system from Oklahoma as well as from the Northeast. So, lot of opportunity there in the future.
Chris Forsythe: Our short-term debt was about $941 million at the end of the quarter. We did receive proceeds up on the sale at AEM of about $135 million, which was basically used to pay down that debt. As early this week, our short-term debt balance was about $750 million. As you're aware, we do have a $250 million debt financing that matures in June of '17. We do have hedges in place for that at about 3.367% and if that debt matures and we do have cash flows in place, we do anticipate refinancing at that time.
Chris Forsythe: The 2019s are also hedged. We're focusing on the near-term and we have those in place at roughly 3.5% as well.
Chris Forsythe: Are you talking about the mechanism just for that revenue? There is actually an earnings band associated with the GRIP mechanism and if we were to exceed that 75 basis points currently above the 936 allowed rate of return, if we were to exceed that, we would be called in for a case. We had to go in for a case. That's where that earnings band and the annual earnings monitor report is filed, but we have not come close to that. So, that's unrelated, but there is not a sharing mechanism there. It's just a earnings governor on the GRIP mechanism. But as Kim said on the revenue sharing related to prior, the recommended adjustment -- recommending adjustment of our benchmark is $70 million, but keeping the structure of the mechanism with the sharing 75-25 the same as it is today.
Chris Forsythe: Yeah Mark, everything looks fine. We don't see any bottlenecks. Our relationships with regulators, we've got very strong long-term relationship with contractors. We've got just a top-notch engineering team. We got projects lined up already identified for the next five years. We got 30 years cost of spending. On pipe replacement, we got tremendous growth, North of Metroplex. We don't see any -- we don't have any concerns about materials, excess materials, labor or anything else for that matter.
Chris Forsythe: Yes, as Kim I think said in his earlier comments, we expect to have a procedural schedule this week with the statutory deadline of July 10. We're in discovery now, I would say maybe a third way through that process and then there will be testimony, hearings, several opportunities for settlement conferences. Those conversations occur consistently throughout the process. So, we expect the proposal for decision typically would be in mid-May timeframe and you got opportunities for corrections, but it's a very measured process and there is opportunity for settlement all along the way.
Chris Forsythe: No, you've got -- you're correct. We filed directly with the railroad commission, the intervenors, same lawyers that represent the cities in our distribution cases and so we got great relationships with them. We work with them every year on those annual filings. So, there is really nothing new. As Kim said, we file based on preference. We've been preparing this for three years or longer. We've had open communications all along about what's driving our investment. As he said, we've seen significant increases O&M. It's driven by new compliance requirements and we've been open and transparent about it all along. And so far, the dialogue has been very good and positive. It doesn’t mean we all have significant disagreement from where it should end up, but it's proceeding as we would expect.
Chris Forsythe: And it's easy Spencer because of the excellent management and the strategic focus that replaced on the relationships and creating the necessary mechanisms to provide this opportunity. You wouldn't find the capability of doing this in a lot of jurisdictions or in a lot of company. Again it's six years, it's over of work where we've emphasized an efficient and effective process for ratemaking and everybody's involved, everybody understands, there is a clear line of sight from what we're doing in the field to what eventually ends up creating more safety and more reliability and an enduring to the benefit of the shareholders long-term. So, it is easy only because of what is -- what the people at Atmos Energy have been able to do throughout the entire organization.
Chris Forsythe: That's correct. The purchase price was $38.3 million of working capital and we estimated just prior to the end of the calendar quarter, was about $103 million. We will be truing up that working capital here in the second quarter and hope to have that completed by the end of March. In addition to that, $7 million in total proceeds from the transaction or roughly $141.5 million using the estimated working capital of $103.2. $7 million went into escrow under the terms and conditions of the purchase and sale agreement, assuming no indemnification issues that we would have to reimburse us for 0.4 we would expect to get $3 million back in January of 2018. The remaining $4 million in January of 2019.
Chris Forsythe: Yes, I touched on it briefly. The primary asset is our 21 mile intrastate pipeline in Louisiana. We refer to it as Trans Louisiana Gas Pipeline or TLGP. We had that -- that pipeline was built in 1985 to help supply our Louisiana gas distribution operations at that time. So, that is the primary asset that moved from the nonregulated segment. We also have a couple of other smaller assets that aren’t material that did roll up in the segment as well, but that was the primary piece.
Chris Forsythe: We did that a number of years ago, I mean where the economics makes sense and we got a long-term in our contracts is certainly something that we will do.
Chris Forsythe: As you look at the side-by-side comparisons of house plan -- Trump plan, I mean there is house plan the 100% expensing on the Trump plan, there is the potential for optionality. So, if one of those plans move forward in their current versions, yes, that would impact the repairs deduction. But as Kim said there is a lot of noise out there right now we're just kind of evaluating all the options. And we are really not in a position at this point to definitely say one way one way or the other how tax reform is going to impact us.
Chris Forsythe: Yes. Based on current proposals and what we're seeing, definitely neutral to good Joe. Again, the people, we're not going to put out any kind of prognostication on what could happen based on what's up there now because there's so much that can change that would be I think reckless and imprudent to say okay, if this happens then there's this much accretion or that happens then there's this impact. I think that send you down some rabbit trails that are pretty unnecessary at this point.
Chris Turner: Got you. Okay. And then on the pipeline business, could you kind of remind me of the sharing mechanism with customers there and exactly how that works and kind of where you've been the past couple years if over at all.
Chris Turner: Okay. So, you've been running under and you've been absorbing 25% of that difference between $84 million and where you're actually at right now for the past year or couple of years.
Chris Turner: And in terms of an overall sharing mechanism for over earning from the rest of the assets, my understanding is there is a sharing mechanism in place there, is that correct.
Spencer Joyce: Okay. So, it seems pretty easy from a regulatory standpoint to just wrap those assets into your regulatory workflow if you will, just write off the bat.
Spencer Joyce: Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Very helpful there. Last one real quick, am I right that there were a few assets that were previously held in the non-reg segment that have now migrated into the pipeline and storage and Chris, I apologize, I think you might have hit this.
Spencer Joyce: Okay. Perfect. Just a point of clarity on mine there, but in any case Kim as always, congrats on a nice quarter and we'll be talking soon.
