Fred Meisenheimer: Well, the dividend policy hasn't changed.  I mean, we still think our highest and best use for capital and the most value of the shareholder is investing in the rate base in Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Colorado, Kansas, Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia where we are situated right now and because of that rate treatment we are getting very favorable treatment and good returns.  So we think -- the dividend policy we obviously have increased our dividend every year for the last 28 years or whatever and we are added to the S&P 1500 dividend Aristocrat, identified as one of those for increasing it every year for 20 years.  We don't want -- we don’t want to break that track record for sure.
Fred Meisenheimer: We do assume that it'd probably be a fully litigated case.  I mean, the parties that -- I mean, there is good relations going on but I think both sides have reached a position where there is quite a gap between the expectations on both sides and is situation in front of the commission right now.  We do expect an outcome and a decision in the November, December timeframe of --  that will be in the fiscal '13 period as we continue to talk about.
Fred Meisenheimer: In the fourth quarter, we will realize about $18 million that will come in as realized.  And then after that point in time we have about $22 million of economic value at June 30, $18 million of which roughly will be recognized in the fourth quarter.  So, that leaves very little for the following year at this point in time.
Fred Meisenheimer: We expect it to close in fiscal 2013.  The direct operating O&M on Georgia runs in the neighborhood of $16 million to $17 million.
Fred Meisenheimer: I think more of that has been weather related here recently and the economy still is not picking up dramatically.  But I think the warm weather has impacted it more than anything else somewhat offset by the volumes we've been delivering to the power generation too, Amit, but that's really not a big driver in the overall scheme of our revenue structure.
Fred Meisenheimer: Well, good.  We appreciate your interest and hope that we can continue to provide useful information to you.
