John Akers: Thank you, Chris. Community service is woven into the fabric of Atmos Energy's culture, we call Atmos Spirit. And our 4,800 employees take pride in fueling safe and thriving communities each and every day. During National Hospitality Week -- or Hospital Week, in May, we saluted our medical professionals’ heroic efforts by delivering more than 12,000 meals to health care heroes across our 8 state service area. In valuing our strong partnerships with local restaurant owners and chefs across our 1,400 communities, we celebrated Take-Out Tuesday, an initiative that brings support to local restaurants by offering all employees the opportunity to enjoy lunch from the favorite neighborhood restaurant. Along with these enterprise-wide efforts to lift each other up during these uncertain times, we are fueling safe and thriving communities in ways both large and small. By working with school districts, early childhood programs and nonprofits across our service area to improve the reading proficiency by third grade and to feed hungry children so they can learn and thrive. I'm truly inspired by the many ways our employees come together to give of their time and talent to further support those who need a helping hand.  As I said earlier, our robust risk management process has served us extremely well during this pandemic and will continue to guide us as we execute at the highest levels on all facets of our business. Our year-to-date results were in line with our expectations. Our balance sheet is strong, and we have further enhanced our liquidity. Our focus remains the same: the health and safety of our employees, customers and communities as we execute our proven investment strategy; and continue delivering safe, reliable, affordable and efficient natural gas to homes, businesses and industries to fuel our energy needs now and in the future.  With that, I'll open it up for questions. 
John Akers: Yes. Aga, this is Kevin, I'll just follow-up a little bit on that. In addition, our customer service agents and our customer advocacy team that supports those agents have been for several months now reaching out to customers in all classes, residential, commercial and industrial, about different payment options that exist out there for them, LIHEAP, local health agencies those sort of things. And whether those were outbound calls, letters, some folks allow us to have their e-mail address, getting in contacting with it. That way, we've been very proactive in reaching out to customers that appear to be having a tough time paying their bill. And we're going to continue to do that as we move forward and head towards this upcoming heating season. 
John Akers: Yes, Insoo, this is Kevin. The other thing I'd just add is if you go back in, as we did, as we're looking at these volumes, we also look at the unemployment rates. As some of our jurisdictions opened up their phased reopenings and moved into the second and third tiers of those, if you will, we've noticed slight improvements in the unemployment rates in just about every jurisdictions from an April Bureau of Labor Statistics average. If you look at those through the June numbers, almost every one of them has shown some slight improvement. We think that's reflected again back in those states reopenings, commercial, retail, some other businesses, industrials, opening back up, bringing folks back in and picking up some of the business there. So that was a good indicator for us as well. 
John Akers: Yes. I'll talk a little bit about that. And -- the more data, access to data and providing data in a sooner format, in a better format, a consumable format, more in real time, if you will, an example of that is our WMR network. We're now working with our vendor to have real-time cathodic protection pilots on our system. So now it's going on and having manual reads on our system. We can upload those through our network and get those readings off of our pipeline and our distribution system in real time. Now that again, not much from an efficiency standpoint, but it provides continuous monitoring of your system and allows you to identify where you might have a cathodic protection system down sooner rather than later. We continue to roll out our automated leak detection equipment as well. And you heard us talk before about our Locus Map technology that we are in the final stages of rolling out to some of our crews here in the Mid-Tex division, which allows us to gather construction, material information, geo location positions in real-time as we're at these sites and upload those right back into our compliance systems. 
John Akers: Yes. Ryan, 2 separate things there. We know there's a lot of discussion here lately about hydrogen, particularly with some of the things that are going on in Europe right now. And I know some of the dual fuel companies are talking about projects at particular sites, a site-specific hydrogen utilization, if you will. So it's a much different look than if you think about some of the discussion of blending. That's not yet on the near-term horizon. There are studies going on through particular groups associations. GTI even has a group together that's studying opportunities around hydrogen at this point. So that to say, I think, it's early for us to think about, to your question, how does that fit into our current distribution system. There's a lot of things that need to be worked out from a material standpoint, a supply standpoint, a utilization standpoint at the customer premises. So, I think, that's further out for us. It is separate from RNG, whether it comes from landfill or it's captured through digesters. The only challenge there is the BTU content, the quality of the gas. But once you get over that hurdle, it blends right in with the rest of our stream that we're delivering to customers. And as we talked about before with you, we're doing about 5 to 6 Bcf a year of RNG across our system that we're moving, and we continue to look for those opportunities near our system today. 
John Akers: Right. I'll start out with a little color on the North Texas area there as you talked about and then on some of our other jurisdictions. But going into COVID and particularly the first month, 1.5 months, we did see a bit of a slowdown of dip, if you will, in the housing market, in particular, but they quickly rebounded. We're doing virtual tours of homes. The inventory of available homes on the market quickly tightened up. And we're seeing a lot of individuals, as you know, with the low interest rate, moving to the new construction. So we certainly see that pick up as things started to open back up and we got into these phased reopenings.  We continue to see good growth in that market here in the North Texas area. I think as we said last year, we're experiencing somewhere around 1.5 to 1.6 net customer growth on the system, particularly all -- most of that is going to be here in the Metroplex area. So we've continued to see a little bit of a lull, but now a pickup in that residential market. And in other areas, not to quite that scale, but outside of Nashville in our Franklin service territory, we continue to see some good residential growth there as well and then outside of our Kansas City location and Olathe that area, we do continue to see some residential growth as well. All taking advantage of, we believe, as we keep a handle on, have conversations with builders, developers and realtors association, trying to take advantage of this low interest rate environment. 
John Akers: Yes. I think that's a good indication here -- as we, again, talk to builders and developers, they're continuing to develop properties. They're continuing to have people come in. Right now, we are continuing to see strong activity in that area. And yes... 
Christopher Forsythe: Well, Rich, that's a good question. With the fiscal year-end rapidly coming to a close, we're deep in our planning cycle right now and we're certainly evaluating what's going on in the economies in the 8 states that we serve. And so we're keeping a close eye on that. We're not ready to announce yet what assumptions we're going to put into the fiscal 2021 guidance. As you know, we'll roll that out here in the fall in November. But we are taking a look at that. We're also assessing operationally what we're going to be doing to keep our employees safe and the community safe, and we'll have a better picture and more information to provide in November. 
Christopher Forsythe: When you say offsets, I mean, it's primarily -- we just have to continue to see, first and foremost, what we can do in terms of work that can be performed and doing it in a way that we can keep our employees safe, keep our community safe. And as Kevin said at the top of the call, doing our part to minimize the spread of the virus in the community. So we, obviously, have compliance work that has to be completed on certain schedules and time lines, and we can't let that slip. But we will be evaluating things, but we do have a little bit of discretion in the event that we do need to align our O&M with any potential volumetric and revenue declines due to the pandemic. 
Christopher Forsythe: I think we've been pretty consistent now for the last year, 12 to 15 months that the ATM is our preferred method for raising equity. We've got our financing plan out there, and we intend to do -- execute that financing plan in a balanced fashion with both long-term debt and equity. And we'll seek to use the ATM to the best of our ability to meet those equity needs for fiscal 2021 and beyond. 
Christopher Forsythe: So far, it really hasn't materially impacted us, and there's a couple of things to keep in mind around bad debt and collections. First, in all of our service territories, moratoriums are still in place that -- or in most of our service territories to prohibit the disconnect or resumption of collection activities. We then need to evaluate what the tone is from the regulatory environment. What's the tone from just the community in terms of those types of activities. Once we do begin to collect or resume collection activities, one, that could be several months down the road. But then number two, we won't see the impact of really bad debt until well beyond the resumption of those activities because it takes a certain number of months for it to work through the process of collection before it ultimately gets written off.  So right now, as where we sit here today it hasn't had a material impact on our business for fiscal 2020. Certainly, a watcheye and that we're keeping an eye on for fiscal 2021. But we think it's going to be some time before we begin to see that -- those bad debts really begin to rise up. And then you have to work it through the regulatory process and because we do have the opportunity first to have an annual filing mechanism. And as I mentioned, we do have the reg asset orders in 5 of out of 8 states, which provides us another tool to address those types of costs. I think at this point, it's probably just a little bit too soon to tell when exactly we're going to see that rise in bad debt. And then number two, when it will ultimately be reflected in rates. 
Christopher Forsythe: Yes. I would just say to add to that too, as we are still working remotely. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are still seeing lower employee travel entertainment costs, some of the overtime and standby. Certainly into the third quarter, we expect that to be consistent as we move into the fourth quarter. And -- so again, it's basically items that are certainly within our control, items that we don't have to -- where there's -- it's not a compliance deadline related where we have a little discretion around the timing of that and in terms of actual dollars saved. Again, as we think about 2021, we'll provide a little bit more color around our O&M spending levels for '21 in November. 
Christopher Forsythe: Well, as really the -- what we're seeing across the board, as I mentioned, Mid-Tex and Louisiana in the third quarter were probably the hardest hit from a volumetric perspective. And that was in that all in, in the 20% range. The other states range anywhere from 9% to 17%, 18%. And as I mentioned, too, we have seen a steady improvement since really the middle part of May, kind of when things seem to have bottomed out. So all in, when I talked about that 11% versus the 2 year historical average, most of our divisions now are kind of right in that range. You do see a little bit of weakness still, but again, it's improving in a bit in Mississippi and Louisiana. But overall, things continue to trend in a better way than what we were seeing in the first half of the third quarter. 
Christopher Forsythe: Like I said earlier, yes, we're still evaluating and putting together our fiscal 2021 budget. We'll have to, obviously, see what's happening with our customer behavior, particularly on the nonresidential side and in the -- here in the fourth quarter before we make a final determination of what -- or how we align our O&M going into 2021. So we'll have more color on that in November. 
Christopher Forsythe: I think you hit it on the head. It's just the -- again, looking at the O&M, aligning that O&M with the revenues that we're expected to get going into the next fiscal year. We're certainly mindful of the capital markets opportunities as well. As you can see in our 10-Q, we have layered in some hedges for future financing activities going out for a few years now to help lock in or take advantage of some of the current interest rate environment. So those are a couple of opportunities as well. So I think those are 2 very good ones to keep an eye on, and that's certainly items that we are contemplating as we finalize our fiscal '21 plans. 
Christopher Forsythe: I see. Yes. So really the financing needs of the corporation, they're outlined on the website. It's at $5 billion to $6 billion over the current 5-year planning window of 2020 through 2024. Obviously, we'll update that in the fall as well. And those financing needs are really driven just by the -- primarily by the cash flow needs of the Corp and the spending needs. So I think we'll evaluate the timing and the execution of the various tools that we have available to us from a financing perspective. But we -- and obviously, you can also see we've layered in hedges for the fall for an anticipated debt issuance. So that one is kind of forecasted already and is out there for all to see. 
Christopher Forsythe: I was just going to say the other piece that's driving it, too, is that same home sales. Folks that already have homes are staying in their homes for obvious reasons. And so the folks that are looking to get out of the apartment environment or maybe out of an urban downtown environment are now flocking into that new home and growth markets. So it's -- that's just another piece that's driving some of that the customer growth. 
Christopher Forsythe: Yes. So on Slide 13, we do have the EPS sensitivity that we've updated that for the fourth quarter. So you can see again, on the bottom 1/3 or bottom half of the page, the revenue by customer class, residential on down through the nonresidential and then the sensitivities to the right. So that's basically the 1% change relative in the customer volumes in the fourth quarter and kind of how that moves it for us. So in terms of how that compares to the prior year, I mean, that's just a 1% change for each of those customer classes produces that EPS sensitivity. 
Christopher Forsythe: That was for the back half of the fiscal year. So we'll probably update this slide again in November to provide a better impact or what that 1% looks like on a full fiscal year basis here in November. 
Christopher Forsythe: Well, a couple of comments there. I mean, the impacts are smaller here in the fourth quarter because as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the first half of the third quarter, you're still seeing some volumetric influence across all customer classes and now beginning at the latter half of May and June, all the way to December, we're primarily into the base charge component only of the bill given the summer months. So I mean what remains to be seen exactly how customers are going to behave. Like I said, we have seen modest improvement since the lows have been made. That's something we're watching very closely. And it's for that reason, we don't have -- it's hard for us to predict as we look out, particularly as some of our reopenings have slowed a little bit. So that's why we provided the sensitivities in 13 for you to make that assessment. 
