John Akers: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest in Atmos Energy. Yesterday, we reported year-to-date fiscal '24 net income of $743 million or $4.93 per diluted share. And we updated our fiscal '24 earnings per share guidance to a range of $6.70 to $6.80. This performance continues to reflect the commitment, dedication, focus and effort of all 5,000 Atmos Energy employees to successfully modernize our natural gas distribution, transmission and storage systems, while safely providing reliable natural gas service to 3.4 million customers and 1,400 communities across our 8 states. For the quarter, we continue to experience robust customer growth, driven by continuing favorable employment trends in Texas, along with a strong new housing market in the North Texas area. For the 12 months ended March 31, 2024, we added over 56,000 new customers, with more than 43,000 of those new customers located in Texas. New home starts in North Texas were up 44.7% during the first calendar quarter of '24 compared to the first quarter of 2023. As a result, the annual new home start rate is now at the highest pace since mid-2022. The Texas Workforce Commission reported in April that the seasonally adjusted number of employees reached a new record high at over 14.1 million. Texas again added jobs at a faster rate than the nation over the last 12 months, ending March, adding nearly 271,000 jobs, representing a 2% annual growth rate. Industrial demand for natural gas in our service territories also remained strong. During the second quarter, we added 11 new industrial customers, with an anticipated annual load of approximately 1 Bcf once they are fully operational. Fiscal year-to-date, we've added 22 new industrial customers, with an anticipated annual load of approximately 4 Bcf once they are fully operational. On a volumetric basis, this is equal to adding approximately 68,000 residential customers to our system. Commercial customer growth remained solid as well, with over 900 customers connecting to the system during the second quarter and over 2,000 customers connecting to the system fiscal year-to-date. This growth continues to highlight the value and vital role natural gas plays in economic development across our service territory. In APT, we continue our work on several projects that will enhance the safety, reliability, versatility and supply diversification of our system, as well as support the continued growth we are seeing in the local distribution companies behind APT's system. Work continues on the fourth and final phase of our Line S-2 project. This phase will replace the existing 14-inch and 20-inch pipelines with 40 miles of 36-inch pipeline. As a reminder, this project brings supply from the Haynesville and Cotton Valley shale plays to the east side of the growing DFW Metroplex. This phase of the project is anticipated to be in service by the end of this calendar year. To the south of the DFW Metroplex, we have a project underway that will provide additional pipeline capacity to transport gas from our Bethel storage facility into the growing DFW Metroplex in the growth corridor along Interstate 35 in Waco, Temple and the Austin area. This project is scheduled to be placed into service late in calendar year 2025. During the second quarter, our customer support associates and service technicians once again received a 98% satisfaction rating from our customers, reflecting the exceptional customer service they provide each and every day. Our customer advocacy team and customer support agents continue their outreach efforts to energy assistance agencies and customers during the first 6 months of the fiscal year. Through their efforts, the team helped nearly 34,000 customers receive over $12 million in funding assistance. Recently, the American Customer Satisfaction Index ranked Atmos Energy first in customer satisfaction. This is the second consecutive year we have reached this ranking. For the second year in a row as well, recognition on Newsweek's list of Most Trustworthy Companies in America. And we also appeared in the first Newsweek Excellence 1000 index, which identifies models of corporate responsibility across more than 25 industries. Finally, for the fourth consecutive year, we were named on the Forbes list of America's Best Midsize Employers. And this year, we are ranked first among all companies in the utility industry. This recognition demonstrates how our dedicated employees continue to be guided by the simple values of honesty, integrity and good moral character, the core values laid out by our Founding Chairman, Charles K. Vaughan. These values, combined with our employees' laser-focus on our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services, continue to benefit our customers and the communities we serve. I will now turn the call over to Chris for his update. 
John Akers: Yes, it's a little hard to understand your question there, but I think [indiscernible], you're asking about the spreads on the pipeline. Obviously, at different times throughout the year, there will be maintenance on various other takeaway capacity. That's what we've seen over the last few weeks to months and anticipate several other pipelines to have additional maintenance, which is driving some negative spreads coming out of Waha, I believe, this morning. Today's cash [ prices ] were negative $2.30. Couple of pipelines have again announced further maintenance into this month, maybe into the following month as well, which will continue to show those wider spreads for the next few week period. And Chris mentioned those in his remarks as well. So we expect it to clear up later toward the summer period. 
John Akers: Yes, as we normally do. What drives our CapEx is our safety and reliability investment. And again, Chris mentioned in his remarks that we had identified several projects before heading into the heating season that we would like to complete for reliability measures that are out there. And our team continues to evaluate safety projects that are out there or pipe programs across our various jurisdictions. We'll further identify those as we head toward our update near the October-November time frame on 2025. 
