Mike Haefner: Thank you, Chris, for that update on the quarter. As you can see from our second quarter results, we remain focused and are on track to meet our fiscal 2018 targets, driven by our proactive pipe replacement and system modernization investments. In the second quarter, we continued to benefit from recent regulatory outcomes, colder weather compared to the prior year and customer growth. We continue to invest in our infrastructure and are on track to spend approximately $1.4 billion this year. Our spending will continue to accelerate annually over the next four years with approximately 80% of that spending focused on safety and reliability. On the regulatory front, we've completed 11 filings, which should add approximately $47 million in annualized operating income over fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019. And we have 11 filings pending, seeking over $91 million in annualized operating income, inclusive of the impact of tax reform. We remain well on our way to meet our targets for annual increases from implemented rate activity in fiscal 2018, including the impact of tax reform. In fact, the tax changes due to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will lower the annual ratemaking results, but that impact will not affect the overall results of ratemaking on Atmos Energy's earnings. Slides 8 through 20 provide details about the progress we've made during fiscal 2018 and pursuing our regulatory strategy. Our key regulatory accomplishment during the second quarter was the renewal of several annual rate review mechanisms in Texas with constructive terms. These mechanisms cover approximately 80% of our distribution customers in Texas. In February, we successfully settled the outstanding statement of intent with the City of Dallas. As part of the settlement, we were able to begin reflecting the benefits of tax reform in customers' rates. We were also able to update the Dallas Annual Rate Review or DARR. Additionally, we refreshed the terms of the annual rate review mechanism or RRM for the largest coalition of cities in Mid-Texas [ph] and for the RRM cities in West Texas. The renewal of these Annual Rate Review Mechanisms underscores our regulator support for us to continue to replace pipe at an increasing pace. And these mechanisms provide transparency for regulators to annually review the progress we're making to modernize our system, while also providing the opportunity to earn the reasonable returns that our investors require to provide the financial resources we need to sustain our efforts. They have a long-time horizon of infrastructure investment needs ahead. The low natural gas price environment and now lower tax environment supports our continued investment in the safety and reliability of our system, while keeping customers' bills very affordable. We remain confident that our pipe replacement programs will continue to provide a reasonable return to our investors through earnings per share and dividend growth in the 6% to 8% range each year. We appreciate your time this morning and look forward to meeting with those of you who will be joining us later this month at the AGA Financial Forum in Phoenix. And now, we'll take any questions you may have.
Mike Haefner: Yes, good morning Chris. As you know, the NTSB issued a preliminary report on March 23, confirming that they've done site inspections, collected records and materials. They also interviewed our personnel and other first responders. And we understand it could be months before a factual report is issued, and we expect a final report from them in the 2019 calendar year time frame. There are no other investigations underway from the NTSB at this time.
Mike Haefner: That's a good question, Chris. First of all, just I want to remind everyone that NTSB is an independent agency and the board has no regulatory authority. Its whole focus is on improving safety of the industry. And so, their focus is on identifying probable cause and then they'll make safety recommendations aimed at preventing any similar future accidents.
Mike Haefner: Yes. Yes, absolutely. We've been communicating openly and regularly with them. They're conducting their own investigation, which is standard practice. And the focus there is on whether we complied with regulations in our own procedures. So, we've been in continuing contact with them as well as the City of Dallas and Dallas County. And so far, I mean the regulators have been supportive of the planned outage that we undertook and all of our response efforts to date. And you may have seen in the paper Railroad Commissioner, Ryan Sitton, confirmed in an interview that their view is that we're doing everything that we can and did everything that we could to keep the area safe.
Mike Haefner: No, I don't have a time line on that. And I also want to remind you that the Railroad Commission – we fall under very strict guidelines, both federally and at the state level, and the Railroad Commission has auditors in working with our employees on auditing our practices and our system almost on a daily basis, I think almost every week of the year. So, it's very standard practice. It's not unusual for them to be involved because we all share the same objective, which is safety. So, there's nothing out of the ordinary, unusual here. It's just an extremely unfortunate and tragic event that there was an explosion and a child's death. I mean, just nothing we can say or do that's going to diminish that tragedy.
Mike Haefner: No, Charles, good question. It really is timing and where our projects are falling out. For example, over the last 3 years to 4 years, 2 years to 4 years, we've invested very significantly in kind of our storage and compression capabilities, as well as other system fortification projects. So, I think it just varies, but our target is to be 80% or greater in safety and reliability. We also have timing of public works projects, and you've got varying demand in terms of system extension spending for customer growth.
