Bret J. Eckert: Yes. We do plan to get into a bit more granularity on the CapEx at our Analyst Conference on the 19th, Chris. But you really hit it. You see increased capital spending -- continue to increase capital spending in connection with our deferral mechanisms in Texas with the new infrastructure wording that's part of the rate stabilization clause in Louisiana. You'll see increased capital spending in that jurisdiction as well. You also going to have a bit of an increase in capital spending at the pipeline this year. And those are the main drivers of the increase year-over-year.
Bret J. Eckert: No, we'll roll out an update of our financing plan through 2018 on the 19th. We just -- as we talked about, replaced the expiring tranche of $500 million senior notes that came due on the 15th of October this year. We did not upsize that facility, we announced that it will not grow, and we're able to tighten the pricing into a lower interest cost. And with -- we have about $197 million in short-term debt outstanding with about $1.2 billion of liquidity at September 30. So our plans, as we've previously presented them, have not changed from that.
Bret J. Eckert: Yes, it really, it goes back. We did with the cold, cold weather, we had that overtime and standby cost that you wouldn't expect to repeat as we made sure that we maintained our service level. When you have those higher customer bills, when the weather surprises folks, bad debt expenses was higher, and we do expect that to return to normal levels. And of course, fiscal '15, we're budgeting that we would achieve target from a variable incentive compensation standpoint. And so what weather had done, really drove variable incentive comp higher. And we'd expect that to be removed. Those really are the main drivers of it with the few offsets that you had mentioned.
Bret J. Eckert: I think if you look year-over-year, it's up about $17 million, if you look actual '14 versus actual '13.
Bret J. Eckert: Are you talking about the O&M impact of those? Yes, as far as the O&M impact from those items that were incremental, that's -- you're in the range.
