Christopher Forsythe: Insoo, this is Chris. Like I said earlier, we did a number of different sensitivities, and rather than debating it with individuals, we thought by putting the sensitivities out that you see in Slide 18 would provide folks with the data that they can do to make some assumptions around what they want to think about the nonresidential load loss. But as I said, we ran multiple scenarios, and we feel like our guidance is reflective of those various scenarios. I also do want to point out that we've assumed a full O&M program this year and to the extent that we need to pull levers a little bit to align spending with revenues as well as keeping our employees safe. That opportunity exists for us as well. 
Christopher Forsythe: I think when we looked at our markets, in the back half of the year, Louisiana, Mississippi are -- excuse me, Mid-Tex were 2 that saw most of our -- the commercial decline that I commented on earlier. But right now, towards the back half of the year, it wasn't nearly as severe as we anticipated. It certainly recovered as we moved along through the third and fourth quarters. And we always have to continue to watch and see. I think it's also going to be contingent upon how the buyer spreads, how states may respond to containing the spreads, protecting the citizenry and also balancing the needs of the economy. 
Christopher Forsythe: Yes. I think there's an element of conservatism in our numbers this year, as I mentioned, because we're going to be cautious about what we're seeing around the nonresidential load loss as we go into the winter heating season. If you go back to the kind of midpoint of the guidance for fiscal '20, had we achieved that and then you kind of extrapolate that out, that would get you closer to 7%, I believe. 
Christopher Forsythe: Yes. The holding company structure, we get that question from time to time. We like the transparency that our current structure provides for a regulatory environment. It minimizes the questions that you get around what are you doing at the parent level versus at the operating level in terms of equity capitalization, debt financing, so on and so forth. We've seen instances where regulators have tried to kind of pierce that at operating company level and try to get to the parent level to impute a capitalization at the opco level. So we feel like having a transparent capital structure the way we do today, just takes one less question off the table, and we can remain focused on talking about what we're doing with the spending in terms of modernizing system to make it perform more safely, more reliably and more environmentally responsible. 
Christopher Forsythe: As we've talked about before, Stephen, that large delta largely reflects the financing plan that we've assumed over the next 5 years. And we certainly believe that -- certainly over the next 5 years that we can continue to operate financing the corporation in a balanced fashion using an improved mix of long-term debt and equity. And the strength of the balance sheet is important. As we saw earlier this year with the shot to the markets, the ability to access the commercial paper markets, we really didn't have much material impact as a result of the strength of that balance sheet. And it also gave us the opportunity to further enhance the liquidity by $700 million because we did have that equity capitalization in place. 
Christopher Forsythe: Yes. I think we'll just have to see how the year unfolds, Richie. I mean first and foremost, we still have to maintain compliance throughout the entire system. And we don't want to achieve compliance just by barely achieving -- by barely making it, if you will. So we'll just have to continue to look at that in terms of -- we do have just general inflation as everybody does in some of our just general costs as they continue to go up. So we'll just continue to monitor that, see where the fiscal year takes us in terms of revenue, looking at the portfolio of O&M activities. And we'll -- to the extent that we need to adjust, we'll update at the appropriate time. 
Christopher Forsythe: We appreciate your interest in Atmos Energy, and thank you for joining us. A recording of this call is available for replay on our website through December of 2020. Have a good day. 
John Akers: Well, Stephen, it's Kevin. Let me start with and take us back to, as Chris and I said earlier, over the next 5 years we plan to invest $11 billion to $12 billion. And you know our rate construct very well. Within 6 months, we start earning on 90% of that and 99% by the end of 12 months. So that's where we're going to continue to focus right there. That's our strength. We've proven that over the last decade or so that we can execute at that level. It's a very understandable story for our employees, for our investors and for our regulators to follow. And I think everybody is working hard now around the regulations at the state and federal level to meet compliance. So I think through our associations, through our peer group meetings and everything else, I think our industry is at the top of its game right now and its ability to operate and deliver safe reliable natural gas service every day. 
John Akers: Sure. And as we've said before, too, we are certainly plugged into and watching all the projects that are coming online, particularly here those in the states. As you're aware, most of those are, what I would call, single-point source or other particular turbine or a particular smaller scale project here or there, not anything on a wide distribution or transmission level. We're also watching very closely what's going on in Europe around -- particularly in Germany right now. There are several projects on a little bit larger scale, if you will, of blending and delivering that hydrogen. So we're staying plugged into the American Gas Association through the Gas Technology Research Institute and other associations to continue to monitor those projects. So we can take a look at such things, as you just mentioned, what is the appropriate blending, right? How and where do you do that? What's the impact on the infrastructure, the steel of those systems and the burners on the end-use equipment, those sort of things. So we're plugged in. We're continuing to monitor that. And we'll continue to stay in touch with those groups, and as necessary, continue our evaluation of our systems and what that may look like for a longer-term. 
John Akers: Exactly, as I said before, we're focused on that $11 billion to $12 billion going back into our system, modernizing our system, both at the distribution, transmission and storage levels, if you will. And again, you look at that regulatory construct on the times we just talked about that coming back to us in rate recovery. It's hard for me to say that you could get that type of recovery through an acquisition. We've been part of several, as you know, over the years. And they are extremely difficult at times to integrate both from an operational perspective, from an employee perspective and a cultural perspective. And right now, we have shown a decades long ability to execute on this strategy. And that's what we're going to continue to focus on making sure we're investing in the right things, getting the right recovery for that and modernizing our system so we can be environmentally sound as we continue to go forward and tighten our system up for our customers, our communities and our investors. 
John Akers: Well, I don't know. I'd quite state it as an argument. I think it's our investment strategy. And again, I think when you look at the household bill there, that's the lowest bill in the household today for our customers. And you compare today's price that we have on the sheet and at $4.50 to $5.50 range, you're talking about equivalent of somewhere around $11, $12 gas, when you compare that to the equivalent electric side. So if you convert that over, you're looking at about $0.06, $0.07, $0.08, $0.09 on the electric side. So I think we're continuing to be affordable at this investment progress that we're making. We continue to do it on an annual basis. So we send the right signals there. And honestly, that paired with the  [ production and ] the basis and where prices sit today are certainly a help for us as well. 
John Akers: Absolutely. You just heard us talk about the organic growth, particularly here in the Metroplex area, and in addition, the territories we serve in Middle Tennessee and around our Olathe, Kansas area continue to show good growth as well there. So our market share continues to be strong. And when you look at what the Metroplex and how it's continued to grow here, I think we've got a good long horizon of customers wanting and demanding our natural gas product, as you've seen from those percentage increases there. And as you said, we haven't seen that electrification discussion, that push yet. We continue to talk with our customers. We continue to survey our customers, and they like the value the product brings and at the price, as I said today, at the $4.50 to $5.50 range, that equates again to $0.10, $0.11 a kilowatt electric, right? And you show me somewhere where people are getting that today. So I think we continue to remain competitive and continue to have strong market share. 
John Akers: Yes. You're exactly right. You've seen the challenges, particularly on the West Coast that, unfortunately, some of those folks are having during the peaks right now. So you draw parallels back to a winter period and trying to meet that demand, and those peak needs is going to be even more challenging. But as you've heard me probably say before, right now, the population of the U.S. is about 330 million to 335 million and due to head toward 360 million by 2030. That's adding at Texas 30-plus million people here in less than a decade. So where are you going to get that energy? Natural gas, as we just talked about, is abundant, it's affordable and it's reliable. So -- and as the fourth largest proven reserve country in the world, I don't know why we would continue to leverage that asset and find ways to continue to grow that when we're thinking about a diversified energy portfolio going forward. So I think you're spot on with that. And that's how we view it. We view it that the industry serves 70 million, 75 million customers today where we continue to grow with that. And we are in the right place with the right infrastructure today to continue to provide that reliable service. 
