Christopher Forsythe: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us and your interest in Atmos Energy. Yesterday, we recorded fiscal 2017 earnings from continuing operations of $3.60 per diluted share, which represents the 15th consecutive year of increased earnings per share. Our performance, as expected, was in the middle of our updated guidance range that we communicated in August. Slides 5 and 6 provide financial highlights for each of our segments. Our 2017 performance was especially satisfying as we're able to achieve earnings per share growth of about 8% despite weather that was 30% warmer than normal and 12% warmer than the prior year. This underscores the importance of our rate design and regulatory mechanisms that serve as the foundation for consistent and predictable revenues and cash flows. Rate outcomes from our 2016 and 2017 regulatory activities provided approximately $97 million of incremental margin year-over-year. In fiscal 2017, we completed 19 filings that resulted in annualized operating income increases of approximately $104 million, which will also benefit fiscal 2018. We also experienced positive economic activity and customer growth, particularly in our distribution segment. Net customer growth approximated 1% or about 28,000 customers, which contributed almost $6 million in incremental margin. And we saw about $6 million of incremental transportation margins through increased automotive manufacturing activity and the addition of several new customers, primarily in our Kentucky/Mid-States service area. Our O&M spending focused in safely maintaining our system in hydro testing, in-line integrity testing and other monitoring activities. Our employees did an excellent job managing all of this work, keeping O&M inflation to just 1.5% year-over-year. Capital spending increased 5% to $1.14 billion, with approximately 80% of our spending focused on improving the safety and reliability of our system. We spent $850 million in our distribution segment, an increase of 15% over fiscal 2016, as we continue to increase the rate at which we're replacing at-risk and vintage pipe. Spending in our pipeline and storage business decreased 17% to $287 million as prior year spending in this segment included the completion of our major APT storage fortification project in the DFW market. Strategically, we completed the sale of our non-regulated natural gas marketing business in fiscal '17 for $147 million. We are now a fully regulated natural gas company. A portion of the proceeds were used to acquire the North Texas pipeline for $85 million. This acquisition contributed $0.01 per diluted share during fiscal '17. However, more importantly, it will help us meet the gas supply needs of the growing DFW market. Finally, we successfully completed $975 million of long-term debt and equity financing. The net proceeds were used to replace $380 million of short-term debt with long-term financing; refinance $250 million of long-term debt that will save our customers over $5 million per year; and the financial capital expenditures program. At September 30, our equity total capitalization was 52.6%, and we had approximately $1.1 billion of capacity available under our credit facilities. All of these developments position us well for a successful fiscal 2018. Yesterday, we announced that fiscal 2018 earnings are expected to range from $3.75 to $3.95 per diluted share. We expect fiscal 2018 to be consistent with fiscal 2017 with the continued successful execution of our investment strategy serving as the primary driver for next year's results. Capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 are expected to range between $1.3 billion and $1.4 billion. This will allow us to continue our focus on system safety and infrastructure spending, upgrading our natural gas delivery system. And we anticipate receiving annual operating income increases and implemented rate activity of $120 million to $140 million. Next week, we will be hosting our Analyst Day, which will be available through our live webcast. We are looking forward to providing more detailed update during that presentation. Thank you for your time, and I'll turn the call over to Mike for his closing comments.
Christopher Forsythe: This is Chris Forsythe. In terms of the current plan through 2020, we didn't assume any material customer growth. It's hard to predict that year in and year out, same thing for transportation margins. In terms of financing, we did have in there a very balanced mix of long-term debt and equity financing. And again, we'll update that through 2022 next week.
Christopher Forsythe: I think you'll find that the financing strategy is going to be consistent with what we've been doing the last few years.
Christopher Forsythe: Right. On the weather side, remember, we have -- WNA has 97% coverage in our margins. So year-over-year, we were just down about $3 million. If I recall correctly, we lost $86 million margin from weather before WNA. But WNA pretty much brought all that back. So again, the mechanisms are working very, very well. And on the share count, we'll update that for everybody next week.
Christopher Forsythe: This is Chris. The Railroad Commission was guiding the -- or regulating the industry in Texas 30 years ago. Unfortunately, I do not immediately recall what the Commission did at that time. We can find out very quickly, but it just -- right now, we don't have that at our fingertips.
Michael Haefner: Chris, consistent with everything else we have in our plan, I mean, we base it on things that we know and already have in place. So we're conservative about any estimates for upside of growth.
Michael Haefner: Yes, Mark, thanks. This is Mike. No, we do not see any change in our views on M&A, and we don't expect to have that as a portion of any of our plans between now and 2022. I mean, we've -- as you know, valuations are extremely high, and we've got the opportunity today to convert over $1 billion a year in spending into earnings with reasonable certainty. So it's definitely not in our plans given the environmental conditions we're operating in now, but we never say never. Obviously, if something came along, we would look at it but really, we've got this tremendous opportunity. We've got a very long runway of investment opportunities, we've got constructive regulation, we've got regulators that understand the importance of investing in safety and reliability at this time when gas prices are low and stable, it keeps customers' bills very affordable. And we've got a lot of growth in our areas to support. So we don't see that our views on that have changed or will change.
Michael Haefner: No. We're very comfortable with the assets we have right now and the plans that we have at this point in time.
