Kim R. Cocklin: Well, we know that we're going to invest the $800 million or thereabouts on the capital side of the business. What about the rate outcomes? I don't -- we haven't looked at the rate outcomes, but we're going to -- I mean the growth is going to continue to be at the 8%, 8.5% for rate base by '16. I mean, all of the assumptions haven't changed that we've talked about through the '16 period. You'll see a little bit more clarity and granularity around that when we come back in November for sure, when we push guidance out for '14 and announce capital budgets and everything. But everything seems -- everything's on track. If nothing that's changed -- if anything, we're having much more faith and confidence on our ability to deliver and sustain the commitments that we made, Ted.
Kim R. Cocklin: Well, we don't have any that we're going to announce. I think for what -- for your purposes, I mean, we've committed to growing rate base at the number we talked about, which translates to earnings growth of 6% to 8%. So whatever numbers you're assuming around rate -- annual rate outcomes or annual revenues from rate outcomes, and we're going to have the investment and the projects to support that level of growth.
Kim R. Cocklin: No, nothing will be effective in this fiscal period. I think there's a slide on the details of that though. No, all of those would be dropping in next year, '14 so you get a partial year effect in '14. You'd see a full effect in '15. And 2 -- the biggest 2 pieces are the Kentucky rate case and the Mid-Tex RRM.
Kim R. Cocklin: Look, I mean, also I think it points out the fact that we're remaining to serve jurisdictions that have pretty healthy economies because your line locates is a definite indicator of economic activity, construction investment that's going on. So it's really a very, very positive sign for our jurisdictions in the economies, the health of the economies where our customers are situated, Spencer.
Bret J. Eckert: I think you're going to see a balance, Ted. As you continue to make those investments, there's going to be a consistency there at a certain level when you're investing $800 million a year.
Bret J. Eckert: We understand where we are relative to our peers and, obviously, there's a significant appetite for capital right now, the highest and best use. And we think for the return to the shareholder is on the capital side of the business, but we're also mindful. And that discussion occurs every year. And again, we'll have more to say about that when we come back in November when we talk about the indicated dividend yield for 2014. But it's another front burner issue.
Bret J. Eckert: I think you're going to see -- there's a lot of construction going on in our service areas. And so the extent that, that continues to be driven we'll have those expenses. We are, with the warmer weather, getting ahead of some of that, that we can here in our third and fourth fiscal quarter. But that's a little bit more driven by development in the service areas we serve.
