Christopher Forsythe: Yes. A couple of things there, Nick. First, we are under our ATM program for a number of quarters now, have been executing forward arrangements. So we may very well take advantage of the current pricing environment to establish pricing for our fiscal '23 and beyond. As I indicated, fiscal '22 is fully priced for the remainder of our fiscal year.  So that's an opportunity that we'll take a look at here in the third and the fourth quarter to take advantage of the pricing -- the current pricing environment to build on what we've already established with our fiscal '23 work that we  executed through the end of March. 
Christopher Forsythe: Insoo, this is Chris. Yes, certainly, it's timing on some of the -- just the timing of the work on the pipeline, those are longer lead time projects that need to be planned further out in advance. So just in timing around that. And on the distribution side, to stand a little bit, we had a slightly lower bad debt expense in our current year's fiscal second quarter compared to the prior year. So that's -- those are really kind of the 2 key drivers for those variances that you just described. 
Christopher Forsythe: Yes. I think the same. Just really, Kevin, the other -- Julien, the other point to make is there are contract labors, they're executing on the capital projects. We've got contracts with them. We're currently -- we are in constant communication with them. Many of these contractors go back many, many years with us. So over the years, we have worked with them to manage their cost pressures and needs. And so we've been able to do this at a -- in a bite-size increment, if you will, rather than having to -- holding the cost really low for a long period of time and having to rush now to catch up to market. So those are long-term relationships with those contractors, have given us the ability to bleed in any higher cost over an extended period of time so as to mute the inflationary pressure on our capital spending. 
John Akers: Yes. Nick, it's Kevin. There's a couple of things in that -- in your question. Let me first start with, as you heard in my opening comments there, our team has and continues to stay very attuned to and keep affordability at the top of the mind and focused on how we can help. You heard the things that our customer service organization, our customer advocacy team are doing with outreach to energy assistance organizations, trying to find funds, get customers connected to that, find ways we can communicate proactively with customers. For example, during the last winter period, we sent out, think about 1.5 million notices, whether those were phone calls, where those were text, whether those were e-mails, those sort of things, trying to alert customers to pending colder than normal situations moving into the area.  We're also sending them through those various channels, including social media as well, information on weather tips, energy efficiency, conservation, gas cost pricing, all those sort of things. So we're trying to stay very active with our customers, very up-to-date with our customers on the cost, but also find ways where we can help through our energy assistance LIHEAP programs, point them to the locations where they can receive assistance. But also, as you know, we're a very efficient operator. We work very hard at that.  You've seen the things we've done over the last couple of years through Uri. Those sort of things will continue those efforts as we monitor the gas price over the next few months, and we'll continue to communicate with our customers where we can.  And to the second part of your question there, I think where you were heading regarding our capital investment program over the 5-year horizon, I think as you can see in our slide deck right now, we run somewhere between 85% to 90% of our capital investments focused on safety and reliability. That needs to continue and will continue as we continue our strategy to modernize our system for safe delivery of natural gas as well as, as you just heard me mention that growth out there to support that high growth rate, particularly when we're adding 12 months ending March, 57,000 new customers out there and 15 new industrials.  So we've got to continue to meet that growing positive and strong demand for natural gas across our service territory that we anticipate will continue going forward, as we talk to builders and developers out there. Even with interest rates at 5% right now, they're continuing to see strong demand as well. So that's what we're going to focus on, how we help the customer, how we can connect the customer to the right assistance organization, maintain our focus on O&M where we can and then continue to invest in our system. 
John Akers: Yes. Thank you, Insoo, for your question. And -- as you know, we've continued to have strong growth. We're very proud of our service territories. We believe they are the best in the country. We're fortunate with the states and support politically, the economic development chambers and their hard work that bring these sort of customers into the communities we serve today. But we've seen strong support for natural gas for a long time throughout our history. And I think you could also see that through the customer advocacy, customer choice builds that we have in 6 of our 8 states out there, we get very good support from a regulatory perspective, the political perspective, the community perspective. So I think we've always been in strong supporting natural gas environment. . I think the thing that -- to get to the crux of your question, it's probably changed here lately is the conversation that the general public is now seeing and wanting to feel around energy security. Natural gas in our industry has always been there behind the scenes, delivering, transporting, storing natural gas to meet those winter demands, especially as you go back to Uri and how well some of our distribution and transmission systems performed during that piece of it. We've always kind of been out of sight, out of mind. But with the unfortunate geopolitics that are going on now, the war in Ukraine, energy has been thrust to the forefront.  And I think those are the things we're hearing is people are wanting to know that natural gas is going to be there. It's a viable choice for them. It's abundant, and they're talking to us about national energy security and how they can have that in their community. So those are the sort of things we're hearing now. And as I said, we're very fortunate and blessed and appreciative of our jurisdictions and their support for natural gas. 
John Akers: We haven't seen anything right now, Julien, that hadn't already been contemplated in the numbers that we've discussed here to date. 
John Akers: Yes, Julien, as you've heard us say before, we're not in the upstream side of that. We're not investing right capital upstream of the meter right now. So truly, all of our investment would be the sales meter, based -- whether they're digesters, they're landfills, biomass, sewer gas capture those sort of things. We're really receiving the processed gas and transporting on behalf of our customers. And right now, those evaluations are truly what is near system, what is close to systems. So any capital investment at this time would be modest and it would be to maybe extend a short distance to a facility. But really, we're not investing upstream at this point. We're really transporting that RNG on behalf of others. 
John Akers: Correct. Helping our customers where we can reduce their carbon footprint and be the conduit. That's why we have the 72,000 miles of pipeline system we have today is to move that gas around it. And be part of that environmental equation to get that gas to the -- [ burn it here ]. 
