John Akers: Yes. From a technical basis, Julien, that is correct. We continue to follow that as well as other legislation across our entire system. So not going to try and predict or comment too much further on it than that at this point. If there are any questions or anything that comes up from the committees or those that are sponsoring that, obviously, we're standing by and prepared to answer that for them. But on a system-wide basis, on a legislative perspective, things have kind of been on a consistent theme, if you will, this year, that being damage prevention across all of our jurisdictions has been enhanced as well as some of our jurisdictions looking at energy efficiency programs at the state level as well. So we're very pleased with that. And additionally, I don't know if you've seen out there, but a couple more states have come on to approve all fuels or customer choice legislation, which provides about 24 states, I think, now across the country that has done that as well as, I think, 3 states right now have approved legislation for freedom to cook in their particular jurisdiction. So that's a quick recap across our territory on legislative action.
John Akers: Well, no crystal ball here, Julien. I can tell you that for sure. But with that committee, with ongoing committees there in any legislature when we're asked, we'll certainly participate. We'll provide testimony, we'll provide feedback for our expert opinion. We're going to continue to watch that stay close to it, but also work with the PUC. If they come up with any questions, comments or open any dockets, we're certainly available to provide our feedback as well as our gas supply team that does a tremendous job each year in and out to make sure we get access to reliable supply for our customers.
John Akers: Yes. And I'll just close that, Julien. As Chris has said before and I've said before on these calls, we're not a just-in-time company when it comes to integrity work, O&M work, those safety-related items on our system. We like to stay well in advance of that, and that does provide some additional flexibility for us when we need it, certainly can speed things up or move things from one period to another. So that's an additional lever we have.
