Bret Eckert: Brian, this is Bret Eckert. The impact of the extension of bonus at the 50% level really doesn’t have any significant impact on us in ’16 or really over the five-year plan.
Bret Eckert: It has a small impact from a cash basis percentage. But outside of that the impact on rate base is very small.
Bret Eckert: Yes, I think that it is mainly just timing Brian, you take it at a period end or you are taking on cases that are in progress or approved rate base that is already approved. I think you're just seeing the timing of annual rate making when you have got fiscal year-end at September 30, and you have rate filings throughout the year.
Bret Eckert: Yes, it is really just the seasonality as your short-term debt balances are higher at the end of December than they are at the end of September. That really is just the timing and then as collections come in as you go through the winter heating season that balance comes back down. So really it is driven by timing. Everything that we discussed with regard to our financing plan is consistent with what we have laid out in November.
Bret Eckert: I think when you look at the guidance of the $14 million to $19 million we reaffirmed, the same guidance that we provided in November and so, I would still expect the earnings to come in at that range. Some of it is timing as you go throughout the year, but nothing has changed from our previous income projections for them.
Bret Eckert: I think, Spencer it is Bret, a little of that is just timing. We did have an increase as expected in O&M in the quarter. The O&M projected range that we provided back in November still holds today. So a lot of that is just going to be timing of spend. We did have some wet weather in some of our jurisdictions that impacted capital and O&M a little bit but on a full year basis we expect it to come in at the levels that we previously provided.
Bret Eckert: Hi Stephen, it is Bret Eckert, as we reaffirm, we still expect that regulatory outcomes on an annualized basis will be $100 million to $125 million in fiscal ’16, we continue to really focus on the execution of our capital spend and continuing to partner with our regulators in our annual filing. A lot of what we have got now is just continued execution. Kim highlighted the new mechanisms last year that we got in Tennessee, in Mississippi. We had a new mechanism in Colorado for infrastructure that went into effect on 1st January and then he commented on what we are doing in Kansas. And so, it is just the continued effort of what you have seen in previous years to be able to always focus on finding ways to continue to reduce regulatory lag, but things are continuing to progress as we expected.
Bret Eckert: Well, I mean, we have been in the camp that we thought the M&A activity would not slow down and it started to heat up at the end of ’15 and it has just continued through ’16 and I think you are going to see a continuation of that activity in this pace. I mean I think that the companies that remain on the board have to be extremely attractive and have some very good business models and bring to the table some platforms that don't exist for some of these – for some of the folks that are going up and down the shopping isles at the present time. So, we have got a great plan. We have got a great strategy. I mean I think there is a lot of good companies out there like us as well. You have got to have a better handle on it than we do, I mean, you've got to think please don't grow to the sky and the multiples that where the companies are trading seem to be extremely rich, but we continue to represent that we are an attractive opportunity for prudent investors with just the metrics that we are throwing out and that we are committed to deliver and that the results that we are putting forth justify putting this in your portfolio.
Bret Eckert: Hi Mark it is Bret. I mean, you heard earlier yes, we did reaffirm that guidance of $3.20 to $3.40, we would look potentially to look totighten that guidance later in the year, butwe absolutely remain on track. As you said, the first quarter was a solid first quarter. It came in right in line with our expectation and we still remain very well positioned to achieve that $3.20 to $3.40 guidance range.
Kim Cocklin: Hi Spencer this is Kim. No, we really don't expect – we haven't noticed any changes particularly in Texas and the other major metropolitan areas that we are servicing and Louisiana and Mississippi, let us say Kentucky, Tennessee, Colorado, Kansas, even around the Blacksburg area, I mean everything continues to be better than what is being reported. I think there is a whole lot of information coming out of the financial channels right now that everybody expecting kind of a rocky ’16 for the stock market, and that a lot of that is driven by what is happening according to them in China and then some of the energy prices bouncing around, but we continue to be a significant beneficiary of lower energy prices and a strong dollar. We are controlling everything that we can control and so I think the other thing is the Fed probably is going to push back any kind of increase on the rate as well. So, I think that is going to bode well for utilities. So I think you are certainly in the right space and you are certainly right on target having Atmos as your top pick in 2016.
Kim Cocklin: Damn right. I mean, yes, you are all about it. You have been right for a good while now for the last three years.
Kim Cocklin: Charles, that business is all about managing risk and we are not about to try to take advantage of any volatility, we are going to run a flat book and as Bret said, and we continue to emphasize at every meeting we have with analysts, they are plugged in at about $14 million to $19 million of net income this year and every year till 2020. We are not encouraging them to grow, but we are encouraging them to be a value added service provider to the smaller municipalities, commercial industrial customers that need energy management expertise, which is what they bring to the table and have done so each and every year, demonstrated by their performance in the Masteo customer survey where they have came in at number one or number two the last five years. So we are very proud of that fact. But they do provide an extremely valuable service to the smaller customers that are situated behind our, the distribution utilities that we serve in eight states. And again it is energy management expertise for those people that don't have it on staff.
Kim Cocklin: No, I don’t think so. I think you guys are better versed at looking at some of the parts than some of us, but if you – you got to factor in the business model that is being pursued in some of the parts of any that resides in the portfolio. So there is a difference I think between a peer regulated natural gas utility where 95% of the earnings are coming from distribution and intrastate pipeline in Texas versus other folks that may have a little bit more spread out with the non-regulated or they may have some MLP eligible assets in the form of an interstate pipeline or some midstream operations or even regulated production.
Kim Cocklin: I mean, we are measuring this in baby steps and very incremental byte-sized pieces Stephen and I think, the resolution that we achieved with our customers and the staff and now that is being reviewed before the KCC in Kansas is something that we think is a very positive step in the right direction and then as Bret said, we pointed out the forward-looking infrastructure mechanism in Colorado and Mississippi both identified for capital. So I mean we feel very good and I mean every filing that we make we are trying to educate the staff and the regulators that we are talking to about the continued need to reduce lag in order to facilitate the investment in this journey to safety that we are on right now. I think we are spending about three times – the depreciation rate is only – can only be done as long as you have a manageable lag process that we are continuing to focus on. So we feel good and we are going to continue to try to do better.
