Mike Haefner: Well, and a couple of things there. They will not need any additional equity financing needs. We're still evaluating our plans and needs for the year in the line of the fact that we're expecting to begin to reflect the lower tax rates in customer bills hopefully this quarter or the second quarter. In terms of longer term, you mentioned the lift in rate base due to the fact that our deferred tax balances will grow a little bit more slowly at the lower rate and that's in fact true and in terms of the other impacts, you captured it pretty well.
Mike Haefner: Yeah. That's exactly right. It's really a combination of some of the impacts of the tax reform on those items that impact income today that get reflected in customers' bills tomorrow, some of the economic activity that I mentioned, little bit colder weather in late December, January, just really a combination of all the above.
Mike Haefner: Yeah. The year-over-year impact on the spread differential was about $1 million to $1.5 million. In terms of the colder weather, it's 20% colder in this quarter versus the prior year quarter, slightly warmer than normal, but we take that $6 million quarter over quarter.
Mike Haefner: Well, the effective rate that you see of 26.8% is effectively our estimate of what we're going to be for the full year. So we're expecting that effective rate quarter-over-quarter or each of the next three quarters to be in that 26% to 28% range.
Mike Haefner: Yeah. Beginning in the second quarter, you'll see our operating revenues come down either through actual reductions in customer bills that get negotiated or approved by regulators, also the establishment of regulatory liabilities getting things back in line.
Mike Haefner: That's correct. We took zero in the first quarter because we did complete the block trade in November and so that 500 million is fully available for us after fiscal 2018.
Mike Haefner: Yeah. The deferred taxes will scale down. A lot of it would depend on the underlying activity in the business. In terms of total operating cash flow, a lot of that's going to be contingent on the timing of when we actually reflect the newer rates and customer bills. We're working with our regulators as we speak to find the best way to get those into rates as quickly as possible.
