Kevin Akers: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Mike, thank you for those kind of remarks. We are deeply indebted to you for your leadership, your vision and unwavering dedication and support for Atmos Energy, and every one of our 4,700 employees. I’m very excited about the future of Atmos Energy, and I look forward to continuing the execution of the successful strategy that Kim and Mike have put in place, as we maintain our focus on our vision of being the nation’s safest provider of natural gas services. A key to achieving that vision is to continue the evolution and refinement of our strategy by making investments in safety and reliability, while modernizing our business to sustain our Company for the long-term. This straightforward focused improvement strategy benefits all stakeholders as we strive to safely provide excellent customer service in environmentally responsible manner. As we’ve discussed before, increasing our spending 9% to 10% per year through fiscal 2023 requires that we also invest in our people and technology. I’m proud to report that during the third quarter, we crossed over the 1 million hour mark for total cumulative hours of training provided at our state-of-the-art Charles K. Vaughan center, which opened in 2010. This training is essential for our employees to become highly qualified gas professionals. We continue to roll out our latest map digital asset data collection solution. Through the first nine months of this fiscal year, we had approximately 35% of our Company and contract construction crews trained on using this important technology. And we continue to systematically roll out our advanced mobile leak detection technology that will enhance our ability to safely operate our system, as Chris mentioned earlier. Implementing a safety management system is another strategic focus. While we have had components of a safety management system including procedures, policies and practices for many years, the safety management system formalizes what we are doing, and is an integral part supporting our vision of being the safest provider of natural gas services. We’ve completed our pipeline safety management system assessment, and plan to have our high level road map developed for addressing gas later this fall. These are just a few of the examples of how our investments in training and technology position us for sustained success in the future. In closing, I would like to thank our 4,700 employees, their dedication to safely operating our system, while providing excellent customer service and giving back to the communities where they work and live. That is the biggest reason Atmos Energy will be successful for the long-term. We appreciate your time this morning. And now, we’ll take any questions you may have.
Kevin Akers: Not in – this is Kevin. Not in all of our markets. We currently had 11 units. Here we rolled addition amount here with plans the next fiscal year to roll some additional units out to our West Texas area. We have an existing unit in Louisiana and one in Mississippi as well. So that – those are the markets that we’re talking about there.
Kevin Akers: Yes. That’s a good question, Stephen. And that’s something that we’re evaluating right now. We’re mindful of where the markets have gotten certainly here in the last week or so. You’ve pointed out our matured average duration is about 22 years. For all in average, our weighted average cost of debt right now is 4.55% after we effectuated the two debt offerings that we’ve done this fiscal year. So as we look forward, we’re certainly evaluating opportunities to further drive that overall cost of debt down, but nothing specific that I can comment on at this point.
Chris Forsythe: Yes. Chris, this is Chris Forsythe. Good morning. Our intent this fall was to not have an Analyst Day, but we’ll have an extended fiscal year-end earnings call, we’ll cover off the remainder of fiscal 2019, and really focused on where we’re going to be going into fiscal 2020. And really the story and the strategy remains the same. As we’ve talked about with you and others on the call, we have a long backlog of work to do, if you will. Just a lot of work to get done in terms of pipe replacement. So we will be just rolling it forward another year. You’ll expect to see just an increase in line with the increases in capital spending that you’ve seen from us over the last several years. Financing strategy is going to be pretty consistent with what you’ve seen as well. We’ll update and fresh in those numbers on that call. But I think the key takeaway today is that the strategy is the same and will just be a roll forward of what we’ve demonstrated through 2020 for you at this point.
Chris Forsythe: We’re not seeing anything from a customer bill perspective. You can go back to our charts that we’ve shown that our bill is by far the lowest bill in the household from a utility perspective. And the strength of our balance sheet and we’re committed to maintain the strength of that balance sheet going forward.
Chris Forsythe: No, no. I think what we are indicating is that we were – we didn’t have any discrete equity needs. In our last quarter call we said, we had no discrete equity issuances planned through the end of fiscal 2020. We do – we did have the proceeds available first on the forward arrangements, which as you know expire. Some of the most of the proceeds right now expire at the end of March with about a little over $100 million expiring at the end of September. So we’re needing to utilize those proceeds. So we had intended all along to draw it down on those proceeds as capital needs arise or cash need to arise in that period. So all of that again is baked into our fiscal 2019 guidance. It’s baked into our five-year plan, $5.40 to $5.80. And as we look forward, we stated in the current five-year plan we have published a $5 billion to $6 billion incremental financing need that we intend to finance that in a balanced fashion using both long-term debt and equity. So, again roll – well, that strategy is going to look very similar when we roll that forward in November. But again, the financing that we did in the third quarter is not satisfy FY2019 equity needs. That will satisfy or FY2020 needs and beyond.
Chris Forsythe: Yes. Sure, Dennis. I mean, like I mentioned in the prepared remarks, it’s really continuation of what we’ve been experiencing and what we’ve been trying to accomplish from a risk-based perspective. And when we talk about the second quarter going into the third quarter, so that was continuing to roll out the AMLD technology that Kevin commented on – we are – because it’s new to us, the indications that came in just require a little bit more assessment. A lot of that work is O&M. But over time, we expect as we gain proficiency that, that should come back in the line with the 2.5% to 3.5% guidelines that we established for the five-year plan last fall. Additionally, we talked about low pressure assessments. And when you get an opportunity with increases in margins, we’re always looking to take risk off the table from an O&M expected. So we’ve been increasing our I guess risk-based O&M work, so that’s in line inspections, that’s right away maintenance, that’s low pressure system assessments, anything we can do to reduce risk in the current period that will benefit for future periods. So that’s the type of work that you’re seeing in the O&M line item. And we’ll just continue to manage that going forward as need to arise and as opportunities arise as well.
Chris Forsythe: I think we’re already seeing some improvements in the productivity of the crews. And I would just say that we’re going to be back in line with the 2.5% to 3.5% O&M – a targeted O&M increase over the five-year plan through 2023, and then we’ll roll that forward in November through 2024.
Chris Forsythe: In the third quarter, quarter-over-quarter in revenue. And that’s contribution margin which is effectively revenue for us, so.
Dennis Coleman: Yes. Good morning. And let me add my thoughts. Mike, never knew that anyone likes to get so certainly best wishes as you pursue your health and thoughts with your family as well. On the other side, congratulations…
Dennis Coleman: Great. I hope that’s the case. Congratulations also to you Kevin. Best of luck with the new role and responsibilities. Big shoes to fill, but great Company to work with so.
Dennis Coleman: So a question – a couple of questions for me. I guess first on the expense side, expenses did run up, certainly a little more than we thought. Can you just talk about sort of I guess the roll forward on the expense side? Some of it seems a bit transient, but any help you can give there, Chris, would certainly be appreciated.
