Kim Cocklin: The reaffirmation of the guidance, as Bret said, would incorporate the results from February since they’re in the book and closed [indiscernible].
Kim Cocklin: Yes, we are a consolidated cap structure entity, Brian. So we file on a consolidated cap structure basis. So on an overall cap structure basis; you’re at 54% equity, 46% debt roughly. Now that's -- in certain jurisdictions like Texas, short-term debt excluded. So from that standpoint it should be closer to 57% or so equity, 43% debt when we looked at it from a regulated standpoint, but it varies by jurisdiction.
Kim Cocklin: We as a utility are not seeing any slowdown. We really are -- feel our -- we feel that we are a beneficiary actually at the lower energy prices in Texas. And if you look at the overall economy in Texas, there have been several studies that indicate that there is probably no more than 2% to 4% of the overall economy that's impacted by what's transpired with the reduction in energy prices, but now you're seeing the recent uptick with West Texas coming back over $60. So you'll see in even a ramp up in the activity out in the West. But again, it's been a non-factor for us and our business. We feel like it helped our customers and has reduced what they are paying at the pump for gas and given them a little bit more discretionary income. Natural gas prices obviously help our visitors significantly and continue to provide us the room that is necessary to invest this capital and reflect it in the rate on a very quick basis than in Texas where the regulators have been very, very balanced and fair relative to the investment and the lag associated with that.
Kim Cocklin: It’s really just timing within the asset optimization line. We are still projecting that the non-regulated business will meet the provided -- previously announced guidance range of $10 million to $12 million. So you know it’s just the timing of when the realized positions come through.
Kim Cocklin: Yes and that’s driven by timing as well. Timing of when positions close within a quarter versus within the fiscal year.
Kim Cocklin: Well, it’s just like the Atmos stock; the favors just keep showing up. The fundamentals keep performing.
