Chris Forsythe: Just a couple of things, Nick. First off from a financing perspective, the $800 million long erm debt that we issued in October satisfies our anticipated long term debt financing needs. And as I've also already mentioned equity we got that priced for the remainder of the fiscal year. And you understand the math on the equity given where we are and in terms of what our financing needs over the next five years. Additionally, we do have full access to our credit facilities today, the operating credit facility, which supports our commercial paper program, a $1.5 billion program. We had no short term debt as of December 31st, so we had the ample liquidity there to support operations as well as gas supply. And then finally, just commenting on hedging to kind of follow from Kevin's point, our gas supply team kind of sets that hedging program in advance of the winter heating season. And between the combination of storage that Kevin alluded to, in the hedging programs, we had just under 50% of the cost locked in for this winter heating season. So to the extent that gas prices moderate for the other, say 50% or so, that should have a positive impact on the customer bill.
Chris Forsythe: Yes, of the $755 million, as I mentioned, Nick, that satisfies all of our needs and a substantial portion of our needs -- all of our needs for '23 and a substantial portion of our needs for fiscal '24. So the ATM program continues to work very well for us. We'll continue to utilize that to kind of just layer in additional pricing, if you will, on the equity needs for '24 with an eye towards just being opportunistic on pricing.
Chris Forsythe: The short answer is no. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we've got planned hybrid securitization that will be -- a term loan, a syndicated term loan that we anticipate executing here in the next few weeks as well as utilizing some of our credit facilities and cash. And with the regulatory asset order that the rail commission has granted, we are deferring all of those financing costs right now into that regulatory asset until securitization is complete. And then we'll address that with the commission the appropriate recovery of those costs.
Chris Forsythe: I think that's spot on, Kevin. And I would just to add that from an inflation perspective, the inflation we're experiencing that we're seeing, it's still well within the planning parameters that we outlined in our fiscal '23 guidance and our five year plan on an overall basis.
Chris Forsythe: So we made that filing, the DAR filing in mid-January. We're just now beginning to work through the early discovery process, and we anticipate implementing new rates under the DAR filing by the end of the fiscal year.
Kevin Akers: As you know, our team worked very hard going into this winter storm have prepared themselves, have prepared the system. But as the storm moved in we did have approximately 2,300 customers in a limited area of our service territory that experienced some service interruptions out of the 2.1 million, 2.2 million residential and commercial customers that we serve here in Texas. We have been working with the commission to provide them additional information and work with them as they wrap up their investigation, which we hope will occur here very soon.
Kevin Akers: Well, those projects that I mentioned, Line X was an integrity project, which fortifies that line that comes out of Waha and runs west to east into Dallas and then the S2 is another integrity and capacity project to bring in additional supply from the east. So we'll continue to monitor our system, continue to monitor that growth. We still have, as I mentioned, complete that -- or the Bethel cavern 1B project, that will take us probably into 2026 to get all three caverns back in service at the same time. And just as a reminder, that's not only a capacity and need for the growth behind our systems, it's also an integrity project per rules at the commission where we have to do our integrity work on those caverns over 15 years. So we'll continue to look at our storage. We'll continue to look at the larger pipe infrastructure and see where that may need increasing or fortification as we move forward.
Kevin Akers: Again, our team continues to stay close with the producers out there, midstream processors to keep it handle on, as you said, as well as new projects that are coming online. But I think the other thing that we'll continue to work on is the tie-in to some of those lines, that's the other opportunity, I think, for us as those projects continue to build coming out of Waha and head east that gives us an opportunity to get additional tests or to bring in additional supply into our areas as well. So all good signs, as you say, on the forward look. Right now, we believe these prices and the conversations we're holding, numbers look really good as you head into [Novi] March upcoming. So right now, I don't see things changing in the short run, at least the information we're getting out there. And then as we continue through this winter period, pulling on storage and get ready to inject for next season, the pricing looks really good there. As I said before, some in the $2 range or so. So that should have a very positive impact for our bills for next year.
