Kim Cocklin: Well, the few swaps we've put there on the 2015 issuances we've lost that and it's roughly 3.129% and the $250 million in the fiscal year '17 has been effectively fixed at 3.3668%.  Right now, we've only focused on putting our interest rate swaps on expiring issuances and feel comfortable with the positions we've taken there.
Kim Cocklin: We've to look at it -- we could take a look.  I think the challenge we've is we're highlighting the change regarding Mid-Tex and obviously with the shift to the customer charge and ways from the commodity consumption charge it is going to make those earning more ratable.  We're going to be much, much reliant on the customer consumption fees.  But we'll not take a look at first we're going to improve that for the Mid-Tex customer that it serves, but across the rest of our jurisdictions, we'll have to take a look at how that plays out from our overall EPS standpoint.
Kim Cocklin: So, I mean, you've in your model, whatever you add for the total cost of service for Mid-Tex, about less than 40% of that was previously -- the previous rates were collected in the demand charge now about 84%.  If you add 42.6% to your model for revenues and adjust the recovery on a demand charge basis to 40% to 85%, 84% I mean the closest we can get is what Bret said I mean we're going to probably reduce revenues the reduction from last year about $25 million in quarter two, but that will increase by $25 million to $30 million in quarters three and four in the Mid-Tex division.  Susan can probably help you to model that.
Kim Cocklin: Well, right now we've got cases -- four cases standing or requesting increases of about $8 million and we're going to file another $10 million to $15 million bring in about, requesting $60 million to $70 million.  The lion's share I think if you look on $15 million to $22 million we've got GRIP filings in Texas for both Mid-Tex and the pipeline.  The pipeline will be filed this month about the middle of the month and then we anticipate filing a GRIP case for the Mid-Tex division around April 1. I mean overall, right now we've collected about $78 million or generated new revenue from rate outcomes plus REG asset treatment.  And we do expect to achieve the $90 million to $110 million estimate for rate outcomes that we've earlier had identified in assumptions for how we were going to get to the higher end of our earnings guidance range this year.
