James Quincey: Sure. Good morning, Dara. Firstly, we’re coming out of 2021 with good strong momentum. We’ve seen an improvement on the growth rate relative to 2019, both in the at-home channels and the away-from-home channels. So, we’re coming into the year with good momentum, notwithstanding some ups and downs due to Omicron in certain parts of the world in December and January. And I’m going to answer the second part first. The above algorithm growth in 2022 is more primarily due to the factors of COVID and inflation, but I’ll come back to that. And so, as you look out into the long-term, it is much more likely we will move back into the long-term algorithm. Just to refresh, we’re in a robust industry that has been growing historically. It’s coming back to growth. And if that’s an industry that’s growing at 4% or 5%, and we have a long-term track record of gaining share in the industry, you can see why we focus attention on being in the top half of the revenue growth rate in the algorithm we put out that allows us to then drive the business into the future. So, we still think that is a sound long-term perspective in terms of both the industry growth rate and our ability, not just to be the leader but to be the winner in terms of share and to drive in the top half of the algorithm. Coming back to the near-term and 2022, in particular, a couple of things that support an above algorithm number. Firstly, there are a number of countries that are not yet back at their 2019 levels of revenue or indeed, even volume. And whilst we are not expecting everything to be rosy in 2022, we do expect to see ongoing improvements around the world in terms of reopening, in terms of reactivation. And so, we think there are additional tailwinds in 2022 from a reopening perspective that will support the volume side. And then, in terms of pricing, clearly, it’s a slightly more inflationary environment than normal. And we, as we have talked on previous calls with our bottling partners, very much look to price in the marketplace. We do have a view that we have to have brands that earn the right to take pricing. And secondly, we very much are not looking to just pass through in price but to do it intelligently because, whilst it’s easy to respond to inflation by putting up the prices, there is clearly, as there is broad-based inflation, going to be a squeeze on real incomes in a number of countries. And so, we -- with very long experience in the system of managing inflationary moments when you get a squeeze on real incomes, we very much want to, yes, the company opportunities on premiumization, leverage our strong marketing, leverage our strong innovation. But we do not want to lose consumers out of the industry, so we also will have a foot in affordability. And this is a scenario where we have a lot of experience. The system has a lot of experience, and we intend to push it forward. The net of all that is likely to mean that we see a balance between volume and price/mix within the overall revenue guidance that we’ve given you.
James Quincey: Yes, sure. So, I think the system in the U.S. has done an exceptional job in trying to manage through all the different needles that needed to be threaded in terms of the supply chain to provide the brands for our consumers and our customers and have availability of the product. Was it perfect last year? No. Is it likely to be perfect this year? No. But, we are doing the maximum we can to optimize our full availability. And there are issues across a number of dimensions. I would say two things on the line - underlie this, and we can take some examples. There is two effects going on. One, which I’ve talked about on previous calls, which is the kind of the temporal supply shock. When you have a crisis, things whip around. You suddenly sell less fountain and want to sell more cans, and the system is not set up for that. And so, you get these kind of big swings, a bit like the famous case study of the video game business school. And there you get the shock waves of like in earthquake that continue to ripple through the system. And so, we saw that last year, and we will see some of that again in 2022. But they’re temporal. But also there, I believe, were a set of underlying structural squeezes going on in the supply chain that perhaps had not been fully addressed by ourselves or by the industries involved, pre-COVID. And the advent of COVID just doubled down the pressure on them. So, examples of that would be trucking and freight in the U.S. There’s been a long-term squeeze on the availability of trucking, whether it be the hours, regulations, the aging out of the drivers. You had COVID where people didn’t take the test. And so, some of these structural problems are coming home to roost. Everyone, including ourselves, are very involved in fixing them. Similarly, for example, on cans, can capacity, manufacturing accounts have been flat for a decade, but really can use and attraction that have been creeping up. And that just got squeezed as the away-from-home closed and the at-home spiked up in COVID. People are building new canning plants. New capacity is coming online. So, I think what you’re going to see play out through 2022 is the reduction in the kind of temporal amplitudes from the swings from COVID and the steady fixing of some of these structural issues that will still take some time through 2022. Obviously, we are going to do the maximum possible to leverage our portfolio of brands, our portfolio of packaging options to maximize our ability to put the drinks into the hands where the people want them and the customers want to sell them.
James Quincey: Well, clearly, we’ve been gaining market share. And my favorite metric is market share versus 2019, both in the away-from-home and at-home channels we’ve gained overall. We’ve gained in the away-from-home and we’ve gained in the at-home. And we are -- in terms of consumer business, we are assuming a greater degree of reopening. We can certainly begin to see that in Europe as the Omicron variant has moved through. The U.S., just this week, mask mandates are coming down. So, there is going to be an improvement in mobility across the world. It’s not going to be back to 2019 fully in 2022. And I think that’s going to be true, both in terms of domestic mobility and international mobility, I don’t know if you meant per country or people moving around the world. But anyway, the answer is basically the same, which is we are assuming an improvement in mobility, but we’re not assuming a return yet to the full 2019 levels.
James Quincey: Let me separate the businesses into the vast majority of the business, which goes through the bottling system, and then some businesses that go in parallel. When we’re talking about pricing needs of the concentrate business a bit that goes through the bottler, in the almost all cases, we have a system whereby we operate what’s called incidence pricing. So, we have agreements with the bottlers where our revenue will be a percent of the revenues that they achieve in the marketplace. So therefore, we are both incentivized to work diligently to increase the total size of the pie in a much more aligned way in terms of both trying to drive the same outcome. So, in that sense, the bottlers -- we work together and the bottlers take the pricing in the marketplace, whether it’s rate pricing or working on the mix between the brands and the packages and the channels, and then we take a percentage of that. And of course, we’re both looking at the various input cost challenges that we have, and we work through and come up with a pricing plan, and the bottlers take that to the marketplace and get it done. We do have a few businesses where we sell the finished goods, whether that be some of the, for example, the chilled juice businesses here in the U.S. or in Europe or the Costa business or the BIG business. Clearly, there, we’re operating the vertically integrated businesses, and we’re doing very much what we do with the bottlers we do our own for those businesses, and we work it all through. So, I think you can take it as we work very much in alignment working back from the consumer, trying to drive value for the customers. And we manage the portfolio of all the different input costs, including our needs to kind of invest in marketing, invest in innovation and invest in execution capacity as the bottlers would do.
James Quincey: Sure. So, yes, clearly by saying we’re expecting a balance between volume and price in our overall revenue guidance, there is an implicit volume growth that is broad based geographically, obviously more tends to be faster -- rather tends to be in the emerging markets and slower in the developed markets. Yes, it predicated on improvements in away-from-home, particularly in those countries, which are not yet back to 2019 levels. We have -- whilst we have emerged stronger and our total business is bigger than it was in 2019, whether that be volume, revenue or profits, that is not true in every country. And so, -- and actually, in total, away-from-home is not back to where it was in 2019. So, there’s clearly more or less to come back, which is why effectively implicitly, there’s a little more volume into 2022 guidance than in the normal long-term algorithm. And similarly, with price/mix, as I commented earlier, it’s going to be implicitly a little more than usual. And I think you’ll have to kind of look at -- I would encourage everyone to look at some of the two-year stack rates in terms of volume and price to look at how it’s been moving by group and by business segment, as you think about your modeling going into 2022.
James Quincey: Well, thank you for calling out the reusable goal, Carlos. Clearly, achieving it will mean using much less of virgin PET and make it easier to achieve our objectives of a World Without Waste, where we intend to collect back a bottle or can for every one we sell by 2030. In terms of the marketing and the innovation question, I’m not quite sure I completely captured what you’re going for. But let me throw out some thoughts, and I think that will help. The consumer elasticity and pricing power, yes, I think a lot of people have noted, it’s been relatively inelastic in recent times. It’s certainly our historical experience that when multiple categories go off at the same time, there is less elasticity. But it is also our experience that often that it’s in an environment of a crisis where there’s a support of a lot of injection of money into the economy, which I think is what has been happening over the last couple of years. Eventually, it moves to another phase where there’s inflation and a squeeze on the income. And so, we are very attuned to the need to be -- burn our pricing as we go forward. And earnings, whether it’s with the marketing that really engages with the consumers, whether it’s with the innovation that, again, engages with the consumers and gives our customers the opportunity to do different things and more interesting things in the stores or whether we earn it through the excellence in execution and the in-store presence that our bottling partners are so good at. Because the next phase is much harder than the previous phase. It’s easier to do pricing in a stimulus environment where everyone else is going up. It’s much harder when there’s a real squeeze on income. So we’re very focused on winning in the next phase. It’s something that we and our bottling partners have a lot of experience with, and it will certainly be an opportunity and a necessity to deploy the whole toolkit from marketing innovation through execution to continue winning as we go forward.
James Quincey: Yes, sure. I mean, we have a kind of approach where we’ve come. We switched during the crisis and leaning into growth or a bias to invest. As you can see through the course of the crisis and into 2021, we steadily increased our level of investment on marketing, restarted the engines on innovation. And similarly, the bottlers will do so on execution and actually investments in supply chain. So that’s our bias going into the year. We’re going to invest for growth. We’ve got a lot of ability drive not just the market innovation, but also underline the advances in the digitization of the business, whether it’s the connection with the consumer, whether it’s the connection with the retailers and what the bottlers are doing to digitize that part of the business. So, we are leaning into growth. But what we have achieved over the last few years is to increase our degree of flexibility or adaptability. Better said, it’s not that everyone is sitting out there with talks of flexibility, it’s more that we can adapt as circumstances change. We doubled down on our ability to make quicker, clearer decisions coming in to the crisis. And with the reorganization that we did recently -- have a more networked organization, we feel good about our ability to prioritize and redirect resources as and when needed during the year, whether that’s to move from one part of the world to the other or one brand to another, or even to pull back where the growth is not there. So, we feel we’ve got the levers, the hand, and we feel we’ve become more agile in using them.
James Quincey: Yes. Thanks, Laurent. I mean, as you say, it’s -- and as John has noted, it’s a finished product business that we are integrating into our company and have had some mechanical effects. And as you say, we have not chosen to change it to a concentrate model. In fact, to be more specific, we’re keeping the current operating model where the manufacturing of the product is largely done with co-packers. And that is what has been driving the momentum, and we have no plans to change the model with using the co-packers at this stage. They’re doing a great job. And then obviously, the distribution of the product is done through the Coke bottling system here in the U.S. If we were to try and change the concentrate model, that we would let you know in due course. We have no immediate plans to do so. Again, it would be a mechanical effect on the revenue and the gross margin because it wouldn’t be changing the profit coming from BODYARMOR. It would be more of a mechanical effect on the top -- on the gross margin for operating model reasons. But as I said, our intention is to operate it very broadly as we do at the moment, connected but not integrated, so that we can continue to drive the growth at what has been a very successful brand. They tripled sales in the last 3 years, gained a lot of share in the sports drink category, actually expanded the category and has done a really good job. So, we’re going to kind of keep focused on driving that into more success in the current year. Then, as we expand internationally, we have not decided where and when as of yet. We will be doing that work this year. And then, as we get there, we will, of course, in that process, look at the appropriate operating model, whether there’s any -- whether it should be finished product or concentrate. Clearly, our preferred route to market is to the bottlers, and it will certainly seem to make more sense to organize it as a concentrate model, whether that’s then co-packed or produced by the bottlers is very situational and capacity-driven. But, see the concentrate versus finished product as a mechanical effect on top line rather than an impact on the bottom line. But our focus is driving the growth of the business.
James Quincey: Sure. I’m going to go with the back half of -- or we’ll call it one question. I’ll go with the back half of the expanded question firstly and then come back to it. The rationalization of the brands and SKUs -- and remember that that rationalization, some of the brands we stopped. Some of them, we transitioned into other brand names. And some of them -- actually a couple of them, we either discontinue to solve. My take is the impact in 2021 was minimal, and the impact in 2022 is going to be negligible. And the reason I say that is, firstly, the sum of all these brands was a relatively small, low-single-digit percent of sales and contribution, but was a high -- a much higher number in terms of occupation of SKUs and mind space and supply chain. And so, we’ve removed the slower growing or declining brands with the least long-term potential to be leaders in their categories to free up more space or the brands that really are moving and for future innovations and future brands. So actually, I’m entirely comfortable making the argument that even just stopping them actually could have been positive to sales and profit, but it freed up space for those brands and those SKUs that are doing much better. So, I think it was -- if you’d like to say it was pruning the garden to let the better plants grow. And so I actually see it as positive to the business, even though you’re cutting off something that in theory has some sales and profits. And we are largely complete with that process. We’ve -- the brand eliminations is about 75%, and we’re not quite halfway with the brand transition. So, we’re in good shape, but I wouldn’t -- if you’re thinking about it from a modeling point of view, I would just like assume it’s negligible. In terms of the culture in the organization, clearly, we made a lot of moves. We’re very-focused on driving agility of the organization in terms of the culture and the growth behaviors and staying constructively discontent about the future and looking for the opportunities. I think we still have another year to bet down what we’ve done over the last couple of years, big changes in the marketing model. We’ve got some campaigns coming out already. They’re doing very well in the marketplace. We’re pleased with consumer impact and the effectiveness of them. We’ve obviously got our platform services that are up and running. But there’s like, you have to do X before you can do Y before you can do Z. And so, we still have things left to do to bring that to the kind of level of performance that we’re looking for, similarly in terms of some of the supply chain stuff. So, I think we should see 2022 as a year of really fine-tuning and optimizing the work that we’ve done in terms of the organization over the last couple of years and continue to really focus the culture on a growth mindset.
James Quincey: Great. Thanks very much, everyone. To summarize, as we move to 2022, our flywheels for growth are really working in unison, propelling the organization. We’re going to drive topline growth, maximize returns. And again, it’s an attractive and growing industry. Our innovation pipeline is robust and scale for impact. Our marketing agenda is designed to deliver the most effective consumer engagement with agility and speed. Our bottlers are engaged and executing the marketplace. And we’re bringing this vision to life. So, thank you for your interest, your investment in the company and for joining us this morning.
John Murphy: Thanks, Bryan. Yes, on the -- as you walk down through the P&L, currency neutral, I think on the first point is top line is very robust. We have done a really nice job, I think, going into ‘22 on optimizing to our RGM efforts and the innovation pipeline that we have at play. And then, secondly, coming out of the reorg work that we’ve done over the last couple of years, we are doing I think a much tighter job on overall resource allocation, finding a good balance between investing as we need to for -- to support the top line, but also taking into account the opportunities that we have driven in the efficiency work that we have done. So, I feel confident that we have some flex from the gross margin line down in the currency neutral basis. And below the operating line are actually our net interest expense, given the tremendous work we’ve done to completely restructure our debt portfolio, is actually a net benefit for us in 2022.
John Murphy: Yes. No, I think it’s a good juncture maybe to just say a little bit about gross margins, because I know there will be questions on what we expect. And I think I’d like to just emphasize there’s really several factors that are playing into the 2022 picture. We do have the mechanical effect of the BODYARMOR acquisition that, I think, is important to take into account we had a slight currency tailwind in ‘21, and that’s going to be kind of negated with a similar expected headwind in 2022. I think it’s important to keep in mind what we discussed on the impact of the commodity pressures. There will be, I think offsetting against that, the benefit of some of the pricing power and brand leadership that we have that James has mentioned. And that will, I think, also be complemented by an improving channel mix outlook. But I think it’s important to take into account all of the factors and hence, -- that feeds into the guidance that we provided this morning.
John Murphy: Sure. I think the short answer first, it was always intended to be one of the arrows in the quiver. The longer version of that answer is clearly COVID impacted, not just our total business, but it impacted the cost of business, which is an almost entirely away-from-home business. And so, it was very much a bit like our fountain business in the U.S. It was very much in the crosshairs of the COVID impact, particularly in 2020 at the beginning when the lockdowns were very severe. And in fact, most of those coffee shops are all closed in 2020. So, it was very hard on the Costa business. The 2021 made a lot of progress, reopenings, not back to where we were yet, so the coffee stores are bouncing back, but not back to where they were yet. The vision we have for coffee included a number of other components. One was the Express machines, the digital kind of barista. Obviously, 2020 was hard to install new machines, but the performance of the existing machines was extraordinary and very positive, and that last year, we began to install thousands of new machines. And then, we’ve launched, partnered with our bottlers to have Proud to Serve, where they provide the beans and machines to the HORECA channel. And we’ve launched a ready-to-drink, where it’s done really well in certain parts of the world. So, the vision is still there. We see it as one of the arrows in the quiver. Clearly, we’ve lost a couple of years. I mean, there’s no beating around the bush, and we’re going to have to bounce back from it. But the learnings we had and the experience was where we were able to do things give us some confidence and belief that we need -- that we have an opportunity to execute against the vision, which, of course, we still need to do.
John Murphy: Thanks, Kevin. Yes, there was a -- the reason we used the word sort of a more vigorous pursuit in the script because as you said, the -- our situation today is very different to where it was and not that long ago with our free cash conversion gone from 70% to over 100%. Our net debt leverage has gone from outside of our range to at the low end of it. Dividend conversion is now at 70%, more or less. And as I mentioned on the call, the restructuring of the debt portfolio has been a very robust piece of work. So, as we look through the future, I think at your question, we need to touch it in the context of the broader capital allocation agenda. We continue to prioritize growth of the business. We touched upon some of that in the earlier questions, both in terms of the capital that we need to drive some of the businesses that we’re in and the marketing that we need to support the brands. Secondly, we don’t waver from our ongoing support and objective to continue to grow the dividend. And then, we’re left with the two more dynamic areas, the M&A agenda and share repo. So, on both of those, we -- I think M&A will be opportunistic. There’s not a lot of obvious candidates out there, but we will continue to be very open to that whole area. And not on this call on the whole topic of share repurchases, but it’s certainly an area that with excess cash that as we have communicated in the past, we will love to leverage. So, more to come on those topics as we go through the year. Thank you.
