James Quincey: Let me offer a few thoughts and see whether that helps. Firstly, there's a set of in the famous expression known unknowns here that heavily influence the shape of how long this – the virus crisis will last and the resulting economic crisis and the degree of ups and downs and volatile on the way. And those known unknowns are all out there and we can't determine which way they're going to take us. And I think that's important because while there are some learnings from the earlier markets like China, South Korea or even some of the European markets, we're still at the beginning. We're still at the beginning. What do I mean by that? We can see the path of how China or South Korea or Singapore, some of those countries came into the crisis, how the lockdowns occurred by channel, by pack, by brand, the change in consumer behavior; and then being able to follow that journey as they have opened up and the thing has started to stabilize. And you can see China, we were doing great in January. We had a fantastic start to the year double-digit growth. It was a very profound lockdown in February, much deeper than the minus 25% we're currently seeing globally and we started to build back up volatile from week-to-week in March. And we're kind of getting close towards neutral in China now, still below where we were last year and where we were in January. But I think it's important to emphasize that doesn't mean it's over. We can see from Singapore or Tokyo Japan they have a kind of a second wave of the lockdown. So what we see is very clear experiences on what happens in the first phase of the lockdown pantry load channel changes et cetera, et cetera. And we've done a great job of moving those, link around the world. Now we expect to see the next phase of the crisis come which is post generalized global lockdowns. We're going to see a graduated set of re-openings around the world. How long they will take to get from where we are now to the new normal depends on these known unknowns, and could include further retreats to lockdowns as we've seen in a couple of countries. So we can't -- known unknown. What we can do is focus on what we're good at. We can focus on a few simple ideas. One the beverage industry is a great industry. As I said on the call, every previous crisis military economic or pandemic in that last 134 years, the Coke Company has come out stronger. We've done that by doing essentially two things at the same time. One, using the DNA of our system which knows how to manage in an economic crisis resulting from whatever, manage the business on a day-to-day, week-to-week, quarter-to-quarter basis, having the flexibility and adaptability to do the right amount of brand building innovation, revenue growth manage our next Houston market. But at the same time, have an eye on where is this going in the long-term such that, as we work our way through the winding path of what the crisis takes us, we end up emerging stronger. And so I would emphasize. And that's obviously why we haven't provided full year guidance. We are still at the beginning. We may be at the end of the big global lockdown, but we are still some way from the new normal.
James Quincey: Yeah, great question. Look, you could clearly see a set of clear trends on the packaging. I mean in the lockdown, obviously the away-from-home channels are down heavily which means the immediate consumption packaging are down heavily. And we're much more focused on at-home which tends to be larger or multi packs. But it also sees a big step-up in e-commerce. We've seen a near doubling of our -- of the importance of the growth of e-commerce for us. So once we get past the lockdown I think, we'll see an environment through these graduated re-openings of society still with the spectre of the virus over us with a reality of an impacted economy. And I think what we'd like to see is a step change in some already ongoing trends like a step-up in e-commerce. It is both economically attractive and kind of spectre of the virus friendly, so I think we'll see a lot more e-commerce. I think it will take time for the highest aggregation channels to come back. But I think they will come back in the end. In the new normal there will be new consumer behavior at that point in time, because ultimately we are social animals. That aggregation will come back. But I think, we're also going to see a very profound theme of affordability. What we're seeing in the lockdown is not just the effect of the lockdown of certain channels. But I think that anticipation by the consumer of where the economy is going. There's going to be an economic impact. We're in the face of all this uncertainty. So we're going to see a lot more -- a lot more affordability where we've launched refillable PET back again in South Africa. We're investing in refillables in Latin America. We're really looking at how we can drive affordability for them. So a lot more e-commerce in the future, we're certainly going to see a profound theme of affordability coming up in the next years. We're going to see a lot of attempts by governments by us as well to support the smaller outlet base, as those will be the ones who've most suffered in the lockdown, whatever channel they're in. So we have been able to pivot and we expect to continue to pivot our brand marketing our innovation our revenue growth management and the execution by the bottlers through each stage of this crisis as it moves forward. In the end, the crisis management DNA is out there in the system. We may not have faced a global pandemic in living memory. But all around the world in the system we have lots of managers who've been in countries which have faced crisis. And as the spectre of the virus lifts what we'll be left with is an impacted economy -- some new consumer behaviors but an impacted economy. And this is when the Coke system can shine and always has shone in the past.
James Quincey: Yes absolutely. And two things come together in the short term and they both work in the same direction which is the crisis management of keeping the supply chain open, while we have all these restrictions in the period of the lockdown and the virus crisis. And then I think you've got this likelihood of an impacted economy going forward for some period of time. In both those circumstances, both of those things lead you to a similar set of actions whether you're a manufacturer or an at-home retailer which is to focus on the biggest most important most well-known brands and affordability and making sure you can get availability in store. I mean one of the -- one of -- we've had a lot of focus on supporting the grocery customers. Because of course, we've got a strong bottling system that can deliver reliable supply onto the floor. So we've seen ourselves be able to gain share of inventory in the store because we've been able to sustain the supply chain. So really being able to be there for the customers and execute and deliver product on the floor. But both us and them will also be driving to a rationalization on focusing on what's the most effective set of brands and SKUs to push through which will mean a cutting of the longer tail in this coming period. Will more choice, more innovation come back when new normal and economy reestablishes itself? Yes, I'm sure it will. But in this period it's going to be a question of focus.
James Quincey: Sure. I would love to be able to tell you there's an answer to that question, but there isn't. What we do know is, what is -- we can see the shape of the social distancing measures into the coming months and there are already governments that have distancing measures into Q3. We're very focused as ever on picking up on the re-openings. Those re-openings if we take Europe and the U.S. in May and June, there are people in government that are talking about three phases and they're talking about the reopening part of Phase 1, not yet 2 and 3 are happening in the same quarter. So I think we will see social distancing measures for some period of time into Q3. Hopefully they will not be as severe as the second quarter. Maybe they will last to the fourth maybe not. We just cannot know. What -- we have to focus on is, in a way to use your -- this alphabet soup of scenarios the U the V and L. We have to be ready in case, it's a V. If it does bounce back, we don't want to be so conservative we are not ready for a spring back of the economy and a spring back in demand and we want to be ahead of the curve. I don't think it's -- I have said before I don't think the V is the most likely scenario, but we will be ready if it occurs. The U, clearly you want to take the middle scenario we understand. And certainly, I think the U is more likely than the V and how that's going to go forward. And clearly we need to prepare to act on that one with a lot of the measures we took up. Is the L possible? Yes the L is possible too. Our approach is to make sure we are both flexible and ready and have the plans charged and ready to go when the spring back comes. We also need to manage the recessionary period and the lockdown periods and social distancing periods with specific and tailored plans to do the best we can in those things. And of course we need to be prepared and understand that if it is the L or anything along those lines, we need to have given ourselves some flexibility to respond to those scenarios as well. So the key that we are focused on is, how we anticipate the scenarios that could be ahead of us, across the whole range how do we give ourselves the flexibility to act on them and make sure we manage the business day-to-day, week-to-week, month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter to get the best possible result as we go along this winding path; because we cannot see over the horizon and yet retain a focus that by the end of this crisis the Coca-Cola Company will have emerged stronger and be better setup for the long term as it has always done in every previous crises for its 134 years.
James Quincey: Sure. We're clearly very focused on adapting the supply chain. And if I break it down into a few pieces, there's of course sourcing the ingredients that we use in the concentrate in the bottling plant, our own concentrate manufacturing or fountain manufacturing the bottling plants and then on through the distribution. There's been a lot of challenges. But I would like to congratulate the supply chain teams at the company and at all of the bottling partners for the incredible work they've done at basically keeping everything running. I was certainly on record a few weeks ago saying, the supply chains around the world will be creaking. There's been a lot of pressure at the borders, whether it's the provincial – province-to-province borders in some countries or country-to-country borders in other parts of the world moving some of the ingredients that are basically shipped around the world. But once they're within the country, which is the larger of these, the great advantage of the Coke system is that the Cokes are made locally. All our drinks are basically made locally. The drinks in the U.S. are made in the U.S., the drinks in Germany are made in Germany, the drinks in Kenya are made in Kenya. And so the local supply chain is then able to work designated as part of the food system, so an essential service to allow to run the production systems and distribution. So, we've had relatively – we've had some issues on timing of ingredients. Those are much better than they were a few weeks ago. Production facilities are largely running. We made a lot of adaptations to ensure safety and sanitation and security for the employees and that's true over the concentrate plants and most of the bottling plants just a couple of places that we see some plant shutdown. And then distribution, we've largely kept up and running everywhere and doubled down on that. Yes. There are issues in the odd countries here and there on the – on availability of – in some of the logistics for drivers or having to swap drivers at borders. But generally speaking, it's been – we've been able to adapt and it's the great strength of having ultimately a local supply chain in each country. And yeah, there are some parts of the supply chain that are running 24/7 and there are some places – parts like the fountain supply that are much more low utilization. And we'll have to manage through that as we see how these graduated re-openings start to take place in the coming months and quarters.
James Quincey: Yes. Certainly, the expectation when you look at the – to the extent that there are public reopening plans and talk about what the phases would look like, most sporting events sit in phase three, i.e., towards the back end. So, I think, that it's pretty clear that we're going to see a relatively limited, not say none, amount of large sporting events with audiences in the next couple of quarters, but it's not likely. Hopefully, it will come to pass, but I think it's going to be difficult. Now, how we adapt to that? And, obviously, the biggest one of that is the Olympics, which has now been pushed out to next year. Obviously, there's some degree of fixed investment in the asset in the sponsorship. And, obviously, we're talking to all our partners about how this disruption of the virus impact the assets and what we can do together. The majority of the spend is largely in the activation of the marketing programs with the asset and those tend to be variable cost media buys, one sort or another or a marketing activation, where we can actually repurpose that money to other things. So, as John talked about on the call, we have been very assertive in increasing the degree of flexibility and reprioritization of all the marketing and OpEx. But all the marketing spend in the downhill of the year to maximize flexibility, because we just know which channels or events are going to open up when and potentially change from one day to the next. And so, we're maximizing flexibility. The good news is most of the marketing spend, the large majority of the marketing spend is variable and we retain the opportunity to change our plans as we go through the year.
James Quincey: Sure. We commented a little earlier that responding in a crisis has certainly been part of the DNA of the Coke system. From a cultural point of view, we have been clearly focused in the last few years on -- through some of the organizational changes, through some of the work on training skill building and developing the culture to increase the degree of agility, the nimbleness of the global organization. But also the degree of networking has become a much more networked organization which obviously the two things work together, which has been fantastic in a way because there's no better time to have got better at those two things than when you've got a global crisis. And the value of the learnings that can be moved around the world is certainly very high. So we've been focusing on a number of things the culture, but certainly ramping up the agility and the network, creating a networked organization has certainly helped us in this crisis. And then as we focused in on affordability, John mentioned it earlier, the revenue growth management approach has been part of -- our crisis manufacturing was born in a crisis or many crises and we have developed that capability around the world over the years -- actually over the last couple of years we had another big push to drive revenue management capability around the one. It wasn't just that we were looking for premium pricing and smaller packaging, yes we were looking for those things but they were an output of a capability we were building that is now going to be turned towards responding to the different environments that we'll see across the different countries as their macros perform. And so the system us and the bottlers, have upgraded our ability to really pivot towards affordability in whatever shape that means in the country you're in and using whichever brands is relevant in the phase we're talking about. So I think we are in the best shape we've been going into a global crisis than we have been for a long time.
James Quincey: Sure. Taking it a bit in reverse order, yeah, if we -- if there's a big shift in the mix towards future consumption packages versus immediate consumption in any given country that will be a headwind to mix in the coming quarters. There maybe all sorts of other effects, as John mentioned some of our vertically integrated businesses have been impacted. We run the fountain business all coursed through our BIGs. So there'll be a lot of mix effects in the coming quarters, but that one will be a headwind as we think about the future quarters. In terms of the trajectory of at-home, one can't simply look at March versus April because each country is following its own path. What we see is as the virus has started to take off, you start to see footfall starting to decline in some of the away-from-home channels then the lockdown starts to get occur and you get big declines in footfall in the away-from-home channels and you get a spike in stock-up volumes in the at-home for a few weeks, and then you obviously are into the lockdown and then the numbers start to normalize and you start to see some stability in the future consumption. Now what's happening within the at-home channel is you have to I think layer on conceptually not just a closure of channels and consumers moving from A to B, but an anticipation or at least a consumer response to the uncertainty of where we're all going economically and therefore a shift in the prioritization of the categories that they buy even within the at-home channel. So, it's quite clear and it's a visible pattern not always the same categories but it's a very visible pattern around the world. You see what consumers deem as essential spikes up and stays up in the at-home channels. Some things like beverages sell more but not nearly enough to compensate for the losses in the away-from-home channels. And then some categories and the smaller SKUs get heavily deprioritized both by the customers and by the consumers. So, it's important to see those complete trends. It's certainly not the case that e-commerce is offsetting the losses from away-from-home relatively -- e-commerce even though it's doubled in sales for a beverage category it's still a very small percentage of the total beverage category. So, there's a lot of adaptation going on and you literally need to go place by place.
James Quincey: I mean we're going to have to manage the portfolio here. Certainly, we will have to look at each part of the world and adopt the strategy and the approach and the right balance of marketing innovation, RGM, and execution that's appropriate for the macro and the context of the consumer behaviors. We had a great program and a lot of momentum coming back in the North American business and also the European business. We'll have to manage each step as we take it. I mean certainly [Technical Difficulty] and so we will have lots of things ready to roll against the different scenarios we see coming out. So, we certainly would be looking to see North America or -- and Europe doing better as we come out of the new normal.
James Quincey: Sure. Our starting point is the approach that we compete locally. The economics of the industry are more local than they are dollar. So we focus on staying close to consumers and the customers and competing locally to build the franchise is to gain market share and to sustain or improve profitability in a local sense. In the short-term, we do not -- that does not mean we use pricing to track and try and offset ForEx that will make us less competitive in the local context. Over the long run, clearly, as currencies devalue, they tend to import inflation and therefore the pricing over the medium-term tends to track to offset the FX. We've been hit harder this year than we expected from some of the emerging markets and we don't see ourselves pricing just to try and offset that. We will obviously be driving affordability to try and drive demand and sustain the business. And therefore, on the top line, we can try and make sure that we get the right level of profitability. Now over the last few years, we have tried to say look we do not aim for the Coca-Cola Company to just be the sum of all the local wins and occasional losses in the local marketplaces. We are pulling levers as a corporation to balance out the portfolio to achieve objectives of making sure the shareholders get returns in U.S. dollars. Clearly, this year is going to be a very atypical year. We're going to manage the year as we've described. But going into the future we will certainly be back to try and balance the three legs of the stool as we have tried in prior years.
James Quincey: Sean, thanks for the question. I'm glad you raised it, because I should have highlighted in my remarks earlier with Lauren's question on commodities. The commodity outlook is favorable overall and so I expect that both the company with our finished goods businesses and indeed our bottling system can take advantage of some of those commodity pricing in the rest of the year and into 2021. On the CO2 front, yes, we're aware of the challenges, particularly in the U.S. due to the bioethanol raw gas feedstock sourcing depletion. But our team has got a number of contingency plans in place and we don't foresee an issue in the foreseeable future at this point.
James Quincey: Thank you. Coca-Cola has a history of leadership of resilience and of doing the right thing, no matter whether the times are good or whether challenges exist. And this time will be no different. We've never been better positioned than we are today to manage through this situation and come out even stronger. So as always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in the company and for joining us today. Have a great day.
John Murphy: Thanks, Kau. Let me frame the liquidity position that we have and indeed some of our bottlers first. We've – as I mentioned, we've taken quick actions in March to anticipate whatever outcome in the back half of the year good bad or indifferent. Keep in mind that, with our bottlers over 50% of our business globally is in the hands of our large public play on bottlers, all of whom came into 2020 with strong balance sheets. And I believe we're doing a very good job also to anticipate a number of different outcomes for the year. We are staying very close to all of our bottlers around the world, small, medium and large. And that will be on a case-by-case basis as to what eventually happens in the coming months, but we feel that we have – we have plenty of gunpowder available to manage whatever situation evolves in that period. So all in all, we're confident in the overall strength of the system to withstand the coming months.
John Murphy: Yeah. So for the quarter gross margins were positively impacted with the mix of the inventory build and a relatively poor performance from our lower-margin segments. With respect to the outlook what I would focus on a couple of points that James also made is that the system is using a number of playbooks. If you think about where revenue growth management started in the world -- in our world, it was really born in Argentina and Latin America during the crisis of the early 2000s. And we're leveraging many of the lessons and indeed the capabilities to focus on our core sparkling brands, which, as you know, have a more favorable margin, to be very clear on the price pack architectures to be able to get full benefit from both an affordability play, but as well as to be able to segment in our channels and markets with the appropriate packs for value. And also during this period, it's been an opportunity to trim back significantly the long tail, which as we've highlighted in previous calls that tail is typically comprised of some of the more – the younger explorer and challenger brands, which by nature are lower margins. So I think a combination of the playbooks that we know work, a focus on the bigger brands and the key packages that typically are higher margin and being in the position to prioritize our leader brands and packages gives us comfort that the -- on the gross margin front that we can continue to build on the momentum that we've had for the last couple of years.
John Murphy: And James, if I just could add on the cost management side to sort of amplify the point on networking and agility. I think as we go into the rest of the year we've had the opportunity over the last four to six weeks to work very closely with all markets to be clear on what's fixed, what's variable, what's committed, what's non-committed, and then what are the key decision points that we will have over the coming weeks to be able to pivot us an appropriately into the second half of the year and it will be very market centric. In some markets we will want to accelerate investments and in some markets pull back. But the network that's in place the digital infrastructure we have to allow us to connect is -- certainly are elements that are serving us very well at the moment.
John Murphy: Okay. Go ahead James. Yes, so the approach as we talked for the rest of the year has been to really stay close to the consumer in a relevant way. And in the second quarter that actually means in many markets coming off air. We have had a number of communications announcing that we will take a pause for now while we focus our efforts on our communities and on other priorities and that we'll be back later in the year. But back later in the year looks like it's going to be very much dependent on the shape of the recovery. And so for the quarter the upcoming quarter, we're creating as much optionality as we can so that markets can do the right thing in the second half of the year. Tim and the team can take you through some of the implications on the -- that I alluded to in my remarks on the phasing for the rest of the year.
