Muhtar Kent: Yes, Bill, I think I have recently been to Korea, to Australia, in the last 10 days to also Southern Russia and Sochi but I think essentially in Europe there is a sentiment there that people are beginning to feel that it is not going to get any worse, that there will be some expansion happening as we move forward and sort of just purely fiscal restraint and monetary restraint. So that feeling is beginning to emerge but I think it is going to be long recovery. Certainly in China we are seeing the transition happened from a purely export led economy to one that is more balanced with consumer spending and a combination consumer spending as well as export led, a balanced economy I think there was challenges in that transition initially where there was a divergence between GDP growth and pure disposable incomes for a while but I think, long-term that’s going to be very beneficial for every one, this transition in China. I think in general Japan is going to also, the consumer sentiment will continue to be mobile and volatile there and it is subdued. For the rest of the world, whether it's Africa, the youngest billion, Latin America, Eurasia, our Middle East, we see and of course, Asia, Southeast Asia and other parts of Asia, Indian subcontinent, we see growth, we see very disciplined, monetary policy, balanced budgets, good banking system and the consumer is more positive, and so it's modeled, and it's mixed here into United States, we see some signs of improvement. We need to wait and evaluate the impact of the payroll taxes as well as the higher gasoline prices. It's too early to say that it's a recovery that is at best look on, but we feel that it could get better. That's how we see the world, and based on that we continue to invest for opportunity, we continue to invest based on our long-term models and plans with our bottling partners to continue to generate both, volume, top line and income growth.
Muhtar Kent: Yes. It's got nothing to do with that that at all. Think if it as last year we announced a new productivity reinvestment program that includes continued synergies from our North America CCR, Coca-Cola Refreshment operations to be able to enable us to continue to invest in our brands to grow in North America, 11 consecutive quarters of growth. When we first talked about growth in North America back in '09, people thought that we were trying to go to the moon without lighter, and now its reality 11 quarters of consecutive growth and we intend to continue that. We see this as a growth market and therefore enabled us to continue to invest in our brands. This is just ordinary course of business. Think about it exactly like that It's not a big deal, ordinary course of business and therefore it's got nothing to do with the United States' bottling structure. It's just part of our ongoing business and I'll have Steve Cahillane is here with me on this call, as well as, Ahmet Bozer in area of finance, so I can ask Steve to also comment.
Muhtar Kent: Just one point to add on that, Bill. I always say, as you go up the air gets thinner. Always remember, we are adding on top of significant increases from prior years all the time. Just on sparkling beverages alone, we have added over 0.5 billion cases each year. So we are cycling that every year and we are continuing to grow. I think that is really important and in three years, the worse that gets probably macroeconomic environment we have seen for a long time, we were able to generate volume growth in line with our growth expectations, revenue growth in line with our growth expectations and income growth and generating record revenues of $48 billion record income as well as record cash flow. So I think it needs to be taken into that context. Continue to crack the calculus for growth.
Muhtar Kent: I think in the United States where, as you have heard, we continued to gain both volume and value share. All over the world, our share is at an all-time high. Everywhere across the world in NARTD as well as in the different categories that were operating in and competing in and we choose to compete in. Similarly in China in sparkling we have widened our gap to our nearest international competitor in sparkling. In Europe, I there has been a month or two where we have had some challenges but overall for the whole year, we have again gained share across the whole of broader Europe, in Western Europe as well as Eastern Europe and in Southeast Europe across the whole continent, in both volume and value share. To be frank, we see competition is healthy and it keeps us on our toes, it keeps us executing better and being better, becoming more efficient and more productive and all we strive every single day as the business system together with our assembly by bottlers around the world as we strive to get better at making decisions, quicker so that we can be more nimble and more innovative. As you know we have launched more than 800 types of different products over the last four or five years. Many of them are new innovative products that are gaining great traction as they are in the United States. Look at the performance of our still business. Look at the relative performance of our sparkling business. I mentioned that between 2009 and 2012, spend per person on our brands went up from $56 to $60. So transactions are up the United States. Our brand, price, package and channel allocation architecture is working in the United States. So both in China transactions are ahead of our volume as well as in the United States immediate consumption business. So judge us not only by pure volume, judge us by the quality of our volume and transaction growth. We sell and the end-consumers buy packages and products, a combination of packages and products, each one at a time. They don’t buy liters. So that is really important thing to understand and how we think about it.
Muhtar Kent: Thank you, Gary, Ahmet, Steve, Irial and Jackson. In closing, we had a strong 2012 and we once again delivered quality full-year performance results. Our business continues to grow, even in the midst of ongoing global economic challenges. Our system is aligned and it is on track to achieve our 2020 Vision. Together, we are consistently investing in our brands on a global scale through world-class marketing and commercial strategies. As we get closer to the midpoint of our 2020 Vision, our system remains resolutely focused on refreshing our achievements, creating value for our customers, maintaining strong partnerships with our bottling partners, strategically investing for the future and expanding shareholder value. As always, we thank you for your interest and your investment in our company and for joining us on this call.
Gary Fayard: Thanks, Bill. Yes. And, I was trying to be pretty clear, but let me be very clear. We expect to hit our long-term growth target targets both, in 2013 and long-term. That applies to 2013 as well, so we are comfortable with that and we would expect to be able to deliver that. The second thing is, we have always had demand to invest through a crisis. We've been in a global crisis for a number of years now, but we've got history and we've seen what happens when you invest through the crisis when you come at the other end, as Muhtar says, we see things slowly improving across the globe, but we expect to come out that the other end much stronger than we were even going in. And so, we are going to continue to drive efficiencies, productivity and then reinvestment that back to grow the business and growing the brand. The brands are stronger than they have ever been but we think we can drive it even further. So we are going to continue to invest behind the brands.
Gary Fayard: Judy, we are actually fully hedged on the Yen, Euro and Sterling. So coming back to the last Yen position that we have are actually on the money, they are in a good place. So that’s not an issue. When you look at the first quarter, it was actually, I said 4%, it was pre-Venezuela, 4.5%. So the Venezuela devaluation obviously is a big one when devalued 50%. So that's number one. But number two, the real impact is not what you would expect. It's not the yen, the impact are the rates that were cycling in the emerging markets particularly, Latin America. If you look at Brazil, look at Mexico, goes look at the rate at early last year and then they started devaluing South Africa as well. So, if you look at those you will see improving trend, so towards the latter part of 2013, based on where spot is today, we actually turned positive all with kind of even to minus 1 for the full year, but it's frontend loaded negative and then it is improving throughout the year.
Gary Fayard: We've got a wealth of monitor assets. That was 100 to 125, and so if you look in the Wall Street Journal article this morning, we just were on a list of other companies that have the same issue, so that's kind of a one-time items, but I am just telling you has occurred, will occur. Then the translation impact of the revenues will be about 1% drag in the first quarter.
Gary Fayard: Well, I think there are a couple of different things. There, I think, we are going to see improving and slowly improving trends in many of the markets around the world. Europe, I think, will improve. My expectation is that Europe will improve in 2013 from well, we had pretty good improvement from the fourth quarter of 2012. So I would say, you are going to actually see sequential improvement in Europe, you are going to see sequential improvement in China for sure. I think that U.S. is poised now also in a pretty good place. Number one, I think, volumes in 2012 dipped a little bit in the fourth quarter. Our view is that is not the start of a trend. We think that just it happened but it is not the start of a trend and we would expect volume actually to be okay in 2013 and we think it will sequentially start coming back and be better and be okay in 2013.
Gary Fayard: Yes, John. That is exactly right. So when I said, hit the target, we hit the target before structural but then you would have to adjust for structural. That's with pretax or net income being sign. This is just what is the geographies within the P&L.
Gary Fayard: Ali, I have always said that the fact that we are a total believer in the franchise system. It is a beautiful system when you get to work as we have aligned in four divisions, aligned with its goals and aligned in its ownership objectives and goals. That’s what we have. Therefore we will continue to drive this bottling system with an aligned vision which we have. As I said, we have got three years that we have accomplished that and seven years to go and we are confident that we can continue to accomplish. As we move through the system, you have already heard us talk about what we see in the business for the U.S. system where we have a role, again, for our bottling partners. We still have the same time table for that. I won't repeat that the time table was. We said about four to five years since the time that we close the transaction and you can figure we still believe that this doable. As we move along different parts of the world, you see us creating stronger systems like Brazil, stronger systems like Kanto. That is a huge milestone in the 55 year history of our Japanese business getting the four Kanto bottlers to unite and to take cost out of it and continue to invest to drive top line growth for our system. You will see us doing well as we move forward. Again refranchising Philippines is another example, so don't think of this as seismic changes in our bottling system. We will continue to fine-tune and evolve as needed as necessary to drive the goals that we have outlined.
Gary Fayard: Well, first, let me just say everywhere we are doing, none of it is reactionary to these four, whether it's Brazil, whether it's Philippines, whether it's Japan and we've got more to talk about too, we are not in a position to talk about right now. All of that is actually prices and U.S. is all about prices. And I can tell you very clearly, once again that as I mentioned in Judy's question judges not only by the meters, judges also by the transaction, judges by how we are doing in terms of value of the business that we are creating and the consumer spend that's coming into our business into our brand and the health of our brands. This is ultimately a brand business. Our brands are healthier than they have ever been both, in sparkling as well as in still beverages. So, I repeat, we see opportunities in the United States for us to keep growing and also for us to keep generating value in both sparkling and in still beverages, and that's how we see it and whatever it takes for us to be able to investment, proactive long-term investment is the key, whatever it takes for us to be able to continue our targeted thoughtful, purposeful investments you will see us continuing to do that, so that we our brands remain healthy, our system remains nimble and flexible as far as rest the market as far as production NSR distribution.
Gary Fayard: Bryan, this is Gary. No changes at all. You are exactly right. What we announced the beginning of last year productivity and reinvestment was $550 million to $650 million. The total company, including North America we are still on track in fact well on track on that program. It was a 2012 through 2015 program and we are continuing to execute against that. So, we are on track. We are taking the savings and from the supply chain optimization, the marketing effectiveness, operational excellence, data and that the system standardization was area of that of that whole program in addition to what we were doing in CCR, and we have taken that and we are reinvesting behind innovation as well as marketing of or brands. And that's still working well. What we talked about in North America just today is just a normal part in evolution of that program and we'll continue to do that around the world to drive effectiveness, because it really helps in several different ways It's not only about saving money. It's about operating more effectively, so we can operate faster. Being more productive means we can make decisions quicker and those are things we are driving for. We want to be fast, flexible and very big.
Gary Fayard: Outside of North America, we probably had about $40 million to $50 million in savings in 2012. Then North America continues to drive synergies and doing fairly well against their part of their targets as well.
Gary Fayard: Let me, Brain, answer it this way. As we continue to update you on where we are how big the plan is. So we will call it back to the 650 today but as you know, a few years ago, we had another program as well that we concluded and started this one. So we continue to look for efficiencies and effectiveness. But everything we look at when we evaluated, we would expect that the one time cost ought to be in a ratio of no more of 1 to 1.5:1 payback. So you are taking about 12 to 18 months on something that’s then continuous benefit to the P&L going forward.
