James Quincey: Yeah. Good morning, Bryan. Yeah, let me try and unpack that a little bit. I think the headline part of the answer is there's a little more pricing in Q2 and in the downhill than we had expected at the beginning of the year, principally around that basket of countries where inflation is high above 20% and a little more persistent. That's the short answer. The longer version of the answer is, look, we're executing the strategy we've talked about consistently over time and again in CAGNY, the real focus on upping the bar on marketing, upping the bar on RGM, the commercial strategies and the execution of the marketplace. All with the intent about delivering a good strong top line led growth algorithm. And obviously that we've talked historically, that is normal, normal times that 5% to 6% would be split between volume and price on a roughly equal basis. And so what you're seeing in the back half of the year, which I think is important to note, is we're expecting volume to be consistent in the second half with the way it was in the first half, which in the end is running on a trend, if you like, a CAGR versus 2019, similar to what we did last year. So we see, you know, sustained positive volume growth coming out of '22 and we're looking for volume growth in the second half in a very similar way to the first half, whether you're comparing to prior year or to 2019. So we want a business that is growing consumer base for all the right appropriate strategic reasons. Then what's going to happen to revenue in the second half is we're going to see the impact of three buckets of price mix. The first bucket is the carryover of pricing from prior year. Obviously there was more cost inflation last year, but logically that is a set of numbers that is going to tend to zero by the end of December. And so that is going to step down as we go through Q3 and Q4. So bucket one carryover that's going to step down. Bucket two is price increases we've made so far this year that are leaving aside the large inflation countries look much more like a normal year in terms of what we've taken this year, both in terms of timing, number of price increases and relative level of price increases. So we're --
James Quincey: I was going to back up. Apologies to everyone for the technical trickiness. I'm just going to back up. And if I'm repeating something I said apologies and if there's a gap in the logic, apologies again. I think we talked about volume second half similar to first half, whether you're talking prior year or 2019 pricing three buckets. The big -- the bigger piece of the pricing of the three factors, which is the carryover obviously stepping down through the year towards zero by the end of the fourth quarter. The new pricing that's come in '23 being very consistent with the kind of our normal level of pricing that we would see. And it's kind of in place already for the year and that obviously then continues at the same rate through the rest of the second half. And the third piece, which is about a quarter of what's happening on PMO at the moment, this bucket of higher inflationary countries. And as I said earlier, there was a little more inflation from those countries in the second quarter than we had previously expected. Obviously that then comes back around in a little more ForEx headwind. We are assuming that some of those inflation rates will moderate in the balance of the year in the second half. And likewise moderate in the ForEx, although it's very uncertain. So we'll have to see what happens. But that's basically the composition of how to think about the effect of our strategy delivering goods, good top line growth in the second half. Next question, operator.
James Quincey: Yes. Sure, Lauren. Let me do it in reverse order. The Q2, I think, is more recovery than new stages of growth. Having said that, the Express machines have continued to expand numerically in terms of numbers of placements all the way through COVID and including so far this year. So the Express business, the B2B business, the UK is -- has been strong, remains strong and still growing, so gaining share. The retail -- the store numbers are much more about a recovery kind of completing the play on mobility perhaps and gain share a little bit. And obviously, we're focused on how to drive growth going forward, and we see plenty of headroom in the UK market. But I would characterize year-to-date more on -- more of a biased recovery on stores than new and the bias on Express on new. Internationally speaking, in -- if you just break it down into -- there's a couple of different buckets, the ready-to-drink bucket, we've made some good progress in China. We made some good progress in Japan with launches of ready-to-drink Costa in the case of Japan complementing Georgia. And actually Japan had a pretty good start to the year growing both Georgia and Costa. So kind of a full coffee strategy in the ready-to-drink looking good and that's still the most important ready-to-drink coffee market for us. And then the B2B, which is a mix of Express along with kind of we're serving to providing machines and beans, starting to see that getting some traction in Europe with the bottling partners there and starting to kind of find its feet in the US, too. And those are the ones I've called out as the most -- as at front of the program in terms of geographic expansion.
James Quincey: I think, Dara, you might get the prize for the most questions in one question. Look, the -- clearly, in the second quarter, as we had anticipated in the previous call, April has started softly. But then things kind of normalized towards the end of the quarter, and June was a good solid month of growth. But I think the easier way to think about it is take the whole of the first half because you're always going to have some good months and some bad months. April happened to concentrate some price increases in developed countries and bad rains in India. Look, that will always happen on any given month. I think what is a question of what gives us confidence in the back half of the year by just saying January to June with its combination of good, middling and bad months, the growth rate in the first half, what we're expecting is a similar sort of growth rate in the second half, whether you compare to 2022 or to 2019. And so we think the momentum is there. We think in the developed markets, we've got through the pricing that needed to be taken in '23. We don't foresee substantive new pricing in the downhill. But we think this is going to be a well set up run through in the second half. And as I called out on that other answer with Bryan that the uncertainty factor is really around a concentrated in a few of these more inflationary marketplaces. Guidance going up, I guess there's obviously some flow through. We had a good first quarter, obviously, versus consensus. About a second quarter -- we clearly feel confident in our outlook for the full year, which is why we're taking it up. So there's some flow through. Obviously, there's some timing factors in the relative performance in Q2. And as we've talked on previous calls, given the nature of our business and where we sit in the supply chain relative to final sales, I think it's always good to take a multi-quarter average to the way of thinking about volume or pricing or even the flow-through to EPS. And I think that's kind of something that we always think about. Otherwise, you can get too distracted by the ups or downs on any given quarter. So we're going up. In the guidance, we feel confident about the second half. There'll always be some puts and takes, but we think we have a great strategy and a great plan to execute for the rest of the year.
James Quincey: Sure. As it relates to Asia Pacific, what we -- there's obviously a set of things that happened in Q2 that were specific to Q2. There were some destocking in the China operating unit that was kind of a significant piece there. And there was some strong demand for some of the juice businesses in China and India. And those are two kind of atypical factors that happened that depressed on a timing basis, the margin in Asia Pacific. It is worth noting that there is a sort of structural headwind when seen specifically just at the Asia Pacific region level. And what I mean by that is that we have a very big business in Japan, which is an excellent business and has a good operating margin. But then Asia Pacific concentrates a set of fast-growing emerging and developing markets, India, China, some of the Southeast Asian countries. And given the nature of how fast they grow and their emerging profile, i.e., they have price points that are lower than Japan, they create a negative geographic mix effect to the Asia Pacific reporting segment. And that's been a feature for an extended period of time. In other words, you have to sell one point something cases in India and China to make up to kind of compensate the mix effect relative to Japan. So that kind of structural headwind is always slightly there. Obviously, our objective is through our strategies, our marketing, RGM execution and the way we invest to try and offset that headwind. So if you look back over time, you'll see that the -- whilst the margin fluctuates up and down, it has kind of had a certain stability when you look, for example, 2019 versus 2022. And so I close by saying don't over rotate to one quarter in the case of Asia Pacific, given some of the issues. But I would also point out that this is not a region seen on its own where operating margin is likely to grow all the time because of the structural mix effect. But when seen at the company level, we obviously manage it as part of the overall portfolio so that it is a piece of the puzzle in looking at our total strategy of, as we've talked about, using the levers to hit that top end of the revenue 5 to 6 with a little bit of aggregate operating income margin expansion for the total enterprise. And we understand the role of each segment within that equation.
James Quincey: Yeah, back to the margin element of the question. North America, in a way, is a fluid side of what we just talked about in Asia Pacific. Obviously, the results came in very strong in North America on the top line and on the margin. Again, there are a number of timing factors that kind of flatter the second quarter margin structure in the case of North America, including, for example, the -- a bit like the Costa UK bit as it was a much faster growth rate in the Away-From-Home than the At-Home in the North American marketplace. And obviously, that's margin accretive. That should be seen as, in a way, more completing the play of the recovery versus COVID. So the completion of the reopening of restaurants, cafes, theme parks, et cetera, et cetera. And so that channel mix, if you like, flatters the operating income in the short-term. There's a number of timings of other things that impact that, BODYARMOR integration, et cetera. I think the way to think about margin going forward by segment and most importantly for the company overall is, firstly, not to overrotate on any one quarter. Remember that there are a number of expense items and deduction items that we accrue on the basis of sales curve, not just what actually happened in the quarter. So timing is a feature. And that's why I'm very strong and let's take four quarters in a row and look at that relative to history. And when you do that, whether in North America or Asia Pacific or more importantly, the company in the overall, what you're going to see is us sticking to our strategy, which is to drive the growth from the top line and then to look for modest or moderate increments of the operating margin, which we deliver not just by effective strategies to allocate resources, whether they be marketing or operating expenses so that we are efficient and get a little bit of leverage there. But the design of the portfolio itself and the RGM strategies also is a component in creating sales that inherently have a little more gross margin. So we use all the levers to try and deliver. And so don't take these segments over or under deliveries as a sign of something new and radical happen. They are features of our business model. And the big overall idea is top line growth with small increments of operating margin expansion.
James Quincey: Sure. Let me start just by headlining actually, we've just come off. Last week, we had a global bottler meeting in Atlanta. I think it's in 30-plus years since we had that meeting in Atlanta, but we had it in Atlanta last week with the majority of the biggest bottlers in the Coke system. And I think it was a very clear meeting on our collective will and ability and interest in investing in this business and our overall level of alignment on what's important and what should we drive individually and what needs to be driven collectively. So actually, you guys all go around and talk to the bottlers as well, and I think you will get it reflected back from them that there is a very high degree, not just an alignment on what needs to be done, but enthusiasm on the opportunities ahead of us to drive the business, our collective business forward. On some of the specifics, clearly, you've got in that basket, there are things that happen around the world that are local and a better set of dynamics that are important and relevant and not necessarily projectable around the world. And the case of CCH and the distribution, now the ownership of Finlandia, I think, is one of those. The B2B platforms, which are progressed very nicely in Latin America are a feature of the business in multiple other countries. We've been testing and exploring and developing individually and collectively B2B platforms with the principal objective of enhancing the system and most importantly, the bottlers' relationships with the retailers. To the extent that we can complement, and here we're largely talking the fragmented channel because the relationship with the modern trade is already set on electronic platforms anyway. We're talking about the fragmented trade, and the majority of the almost 30 million customers we visit as a system is to enhance that relationship, to make it no longer hostage to the visit of the Coke sales rep but to make it a 24/7 opportunity to enhance relationship, to order product, to ask for a service call, to get a new cooler, to put some umbrellas up or to add to an order that's already about to be delivered. And that is certainly when we have evaluated how those customers where the B2B platforms are available how they're doing versus where it's not yet rolled out. There's clearly an improvement, not just in the relationship however you want to measure it, but also in the sales. So there's a lot going on in the system. And I think the last thought there is you should take it also as examples of the willingness of the system to experiment and try and be on the front edge of what drives value in the marketplace.
James Quincey: Sure. So private label switching is principally a feature firstly in Europe, and then to some extent also in the US. If you were to include price brands or B brands, you might see some of that also in Latin America depending on how you want to define it. But very specifically on private label, that's number one, a European effect; and number two, a US effect. And it's, in our view, highly related to the strength of the brands in any specific category. So we see it more in terms of beverages, happening in water and juices rather than soft drinks and certainly less when you get to colas. The strategy on top of what we need to do in terms of marketing and continuing to make the brands relevant to the consumers and executing in the marketplace is, of course, the RGM strategy. Yes, premiumization remains an opportunity, but we need to keep an anchor and continue to evolve and adapt our strategies on affordability, whether that be refillables, whether it be affordable small packs or affordable future consumption packs, that has become something that is a tested strategy in inflationary environments, well learned in Latin America, for example, but now applied, has been for a number of years in Europe and in the US. And we have more things we can do in both marketplaces to have an anchor in both affordability and premiumization. And that's a playbook that we're rolling out and executing in those marketplaces. As it relates to the inflation and the COGS coming through, obviously, some of that, whether it be juice or sugar and corn syrup, affects different markets. The most of the inflation is in a set of markets where we do price for local inflation. And in a way, the higher inflation gets, the more likely it is we're just -- you're going to follow inflation. And so the risk not following is not really there as it goes up. The risk actually appears on the volume side. But this is a select group of markets. So if it were to err towards the more inflation in the back half of the year, we think it's manageable. If we were to err for the less inflation, that would be good, but we think it's in a bucket of manageable things. And as it relates to the total company relative to some of those input costs, we have very long-term relationships with most providers and long-term hedging programs, which allow us to kind of -- they don't avoid inflation, but they smooth it that they make it much more manageable from a pricing and packaging point of view.
James Quincey: Yes. Thanks, Filippo. Look, the Red Tree entity that we stood up in the second quarter is more of a technicality than some new big step. It isn't a change of strategy, and it's not a vehicle to distribute in the US. It allows us a better platform to engage with the partners that we're working with in the US in terms of coordinating and influencing the marketing and allows us a better separation of the alcohol versus the non-alcohol band. So it's more an optimization of the model and how we want to execute things rather than a different thing. And then in terms of progress, look, it's still a small part of the business. And as I talked about, I think it was CAGNY, that's great, and there are lots of runs on the board. Jack and Coke has got some really promising nice results, including in the US. Simply Spiked Peach is performing very nicely in the US. If you want to look for a really bright spot, you can hedge the Philippines and Jack and Coke and Lemon-Dou, which is an alcoholic lemon drink, got well over 30% share of the RTD category. All of this is very encouraging as we continue to take a measured approach to this and to kind of learn and apply our learnings. All of this needs to generate belief that it can be material for the Coke company, not just a nice business, and that we're still in the process of driving towards. But certainly, so far, we're pleased with what's taken place and we are encouraged about the next steps that we have to take.
James Quincey: Hang on, I'm trying to process all the questions. I think you've beaten that was, Dara? I think you've beaten, Dara. EMEA was a bit soft. Yes. I think on EMEA, we are -- it was even though -- so on EMEA, we're expecting EMEA to be positive in the second half. And so there was a ramp effect from the withdrawal from Russia in the second quarter. But we -- so Europe was in pretty good shape, actually, Europe ex-Russia. If you take the first half, Europe ex-Russia was positive. So we are feeling that now it's dropped out of the base numbers in the second half that actually Europe and EMEA will be in good shape. Obviously, EMEA has got a couple of the hyperinflationary countries like Turkey, like Pakistan, so EMEA could get other effects. But if you concentrate where Russia is, which is Europe, which is the biggest impact, actually, Europe had a positive volume in the first half if you take out Russia. And so we're feeling good about Europe as we go into the second half. And I think the question really is the trade-off between pricing and volume in a couple of countries, particularly Turkey and Pakistan and for those that want to go deep down the rabbit hole, Zimbabwe as well. Now the next part of the question, which was about our Away-From-Home versus At-Home. Yes. It wasn't just June, which was the strength in the US basically the first half. You've seen the Out-Of-Home growing ahead of the At-Home and the recovery. And I think that's the way to think about it is we're seeing the back-end of the recovery in the Away-From-Home. Similarly, in Europe, in fact, globally, transactions were ahead of volume, which tends to imply smaller packages are growing faster than bigger packages from a mathematical point of view. So as a global feature, there's a little more on-premise consumption or a little more small package consumption than large package consumption, which helps as well. But I don't think we should see this as a new secular trend, more the kind of the last bit of renormalization post-COVID.
James Quincey: We see the US pricing and promotional environment as pretty rational. We have a set of strategies in place to try and balance our premiumization, regular and affordability strategies in the US, which includes a little more promotion than the first quarter. But basically, promo levels are very similar to prior years and not as a step up. And we think that we have the right balance of premiumization and affordability plays to be able to continue to gain as we did in the second quarter volume and value share in the US. So we think the environment is rational. We think our strategy works for us because we gain volume and value share. And we've got the right mix of -- roughly the right mix of promo and price. And obviously, we're going to continue to push the affordability and the premiumization play. And then the channel mix question, do we think we'll see in developing markets -- I think the principal feature is a renormalization post-COVID. I don't think it's kind of recessionary or inflationary or that. I think it's just been -- we've kind of seen a renormalization of the channel mix. We had talked over prior years about how big an impact on price mix and margin structure, the shift in channels were with what seems ages ago, the lockdowns. That has now largely played out, which is another way of saying, we don't expect channel mix to be a major feature of the discussion in quarters and years to come.
James Quincey: Yes. Thank you, operator. So just to quickly summarize. Second quarter results, I think, demonstrate the momentum we have in the marketplace. We are navigating a broad set of dynamics in the local markets while driving scale and maintaining flexibility at a global level. We're confident in our ability to deliver on our '23 guidance and our longer-term objectives. Thanks for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us this morning.
