Muhtar Kent: Bill, let me just provide some context over that question first. This is Muhtar. I think what you need to sort of look at is what is driving that growth? And I think what's driving that growth is really, in still a somewhat mixed economy around the world, challenging economy around the world, is the alignment that we're executing with our bottlers, the alignment that we have to strengthen alignment, the investments that we've been making in our brands in our infrastructure over the past, not just the year but multiple years, the strength of the brands, the strength of the geographic portfolio, all of that is coming to the four, I think, in terms of what you're seeing. Now again, in terms of the world economy, Gary mentioned commodities. There's currency, also in terms of the challenge, inflation coming out of commodities, political issues, uncertainties in some parts of the world as we've seen recently, the incredible amount of cash just sitting on the sidelines, about $2 trillion just in the United States, generally still some lack of confidence. But at the same time, as I mentioned, in 2009, we saw a tremendously difficult environment in some parts like Russia, Eastern Europe. We see some signs of improvement in certain parts of the world, better than they've been in the past and many emerging markets continue to grow. And consumer confidence is good in many of the emerging markets. So I think as we execute our long-term strategy, as we build on our momentum, our strategy is working, and that's what you're seeing coming out with a 5% organic growth in our business for the full year. And again, north of $1 billion unit cases added to our business, which we feel good about in terms of what has been achieved in 2010. But we remain resolutely focused on our execution and continue to drive results with our bottling partners.
Muhtar Kent: As we've always said, Carlos, our intention is to ensure that we have a very strong, well-aligned franchise system operating on all cylinders across the world. We have tremendous belief in that, and as we see the great execution coming out of our Bottling Investment Group in all the markets that they are in, we will evaluate accordingly and even, I mentioned, even Germany coming out with growth for the first time in a number of years is a testament to that execution capability. And when the time is right, we will certainly find the right home and the right financial conditions for those markets that are operated currently, successfully by our Bottling Investment Group.
Muhtar Kent: Kaumil, just one other point about pricing, but also about mix, which is important. We've seen signs, not fully out of the woods, but certainly signs of improvement in our Immediate Consumption business across the world. That business, of course, is higher revenue per unit case and also higher margin. And I think that you will see, I believe that as we move through 2011, that we will continue to see those signs, and therefore, mix will help us also in the way our business moves through 2011.
Muhtar Kent: First, just let me take the second piece first, the bottlers. I think what I'm very, I'm consciously pleased with the alignment we have with our bottlers. Obviously, there's always room for improvement, but we're really acting as a holistic, very coordinated system. And I think it's a really win-win approach. And we've always said, we cannot over the long term succeed unless our bottlers succeed in the marketplace. And I think that is the philosophy that permeates through the Coca-Cola organization across every single country where we operate, whether it's a single bottler, multiple bottlers, whether it's a mixture of BIG and franchise bottlers or pure franchise bottlers. So I think that is certainly something that we will guard and build on very, very carefully. In terms of incentive structures, simply said, Mark, I think what you're seeing is we are aligning more and more our incentive structures to our 2020 Vision. It's not about budgets, it's not about the numbers, it's all about achieving and surpassing our 2020 Vision. And that's what we're building, reconfiguring evolving our incentive structures to match the 2020 Vision requirements. And that's what you'll see us engaged in a very material way.
Muhtar Kent: All I can tell you is that on North America, Mark, I'm very pleased with our execution and also our integration both simultaneously. And so we have a new company with new people, new organization, a great passion to succeed in the marketplace. And as we continue to execute and continue to grow sustainably our business in North America, which we've always believed in and said, I've always said that, this should be viewed as a growth market. It’s got wonderful demographics, and it will have even better ones, better demographics as we move into the next decade. We will continue to work very diligently to make sure that the structure meets the needs for us to achieve our 2020 Vision, and we're working on that too. But I can't give you any further details.
Muhtar Kent: We have not seen any -- it's too early to say what the results are and how all of this is going to evolve. And we have to see, obviously a lot of harvest coming up in the next few months, it will have a bearing. There's a lot of -- what you see around the world, there's a short-term and there's a long-term. Over the long-term, no question, demand going up in the world, middle class will continue to put pressure on commodity long term. Short term, there's different things happening that create what we see today, and they will be short term, and they can change. They can go either way. And short term, what are we seeing? Elimination of subsidies, vagaries of the weather, speculation, all of those coming together that's driving up some, creating some of the current situation. Now we haven't yet seen any of the major, any of the big social consequences that we saw two, three years ago because it's too early and also it's a different environment than it was back then. So I think our business is really built for these kind of times. As I said moments of pleasure a sense at a time, and I think that, that's the key. We're not selling big-ticket items and over 50% of what we sell is impulse. And as long as we execute well, we will continue to drive our results.
Muhtar Kent: First, Judy, China is a long-term growth story. And we feel very good about our growth prospects in this market. If you look at last two years, compounded with generated double digits, we're also a multi-category player, being number one in two categories, sparkling and juice, and number three in water. And that we're twice the size of our -- more than twice the size of our primary international competitor. We've got the best distribution, best infrastructure in China. We opened just three very large modern plants in the last quarter of last year, and we believe that growth in China is not only to be measured in quarters. We were cycling 29%, which was a huge number from prior year. But it's about delivering consistent, sustainable double-digit growth over the long term, and I think we see great prospects in China. And if you look again over the last sort of two, three years, yes, the competitive environment is increasing in China. But I think we're well prepared with our brands, with our portfolio, with our infrastructure, with our partners to ensure that we can continue to win in China in that great market.
Muhtar Kent: Thank you, Gary, and Jackson. Before we conclude our call, I'd just would like to remind you that Steve Cahillane, our President and Chief Executive Officer of Coca-Cola Refreshments will join me as we present at Cagney on Wednesday, February 23. We'll provide a further overview of how we're advancing our global momentum around the world, as well as here in North America. Both Gary and Sandy Douglas, our President of Coca-Cola North America, will also be in attendance at Cagney. In addition, Gary and Steve will also present at the upcoming CAGE Conference in London on Wednesday, March 30. We'll look forward to seeing many of you at these great 2011 investor and analyst events. And in closing, I'd like to say that we feel good about how the Coca-Cola Company is performing today and where we are headed tomorrow. We do see tremendous opportunities ahead in all of our global markets, and we remain intently focused on executing our key strategic priorities, all while generating long-term profitable growth for our system and sustainable rewards for our shareowners. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Gary Fayard: Let me start with pricing. And in fact, if you get underneath it, in fact in North America, we did have positive pricing. We will have positive pricing in North America in 2011 as well. What we're trying to say is that basically, our pricing will be rational but it will also be pricing that's rational, not only in terms of competitors in the competitive marketplace, but also rational pricing in terms of the consumer. And there, we would much rather -- in rational, I mean, take -- let's say not react totally to, I hope, short term volatility in commodities, but take more consistent rational pricing over a period of time over a number of years, which we believe is the right thing for our customers, it's the right thing for our consumers and in fact, will return much greater value to us and actually to the beverage industry over a longer period of time. So we're being very rational about it, we will take that price, and we are increasing pricing in 2011 in North America. So I can confirm that directly. Relative to CapEx, the increase from -- in fact the CapEx, if you look at it, was about $2.2 billion in 2010. And we're talking about going to $3 billion to $3.2 billion in 2011. CCE North America, Legacy CCE North America was around $600 million, $650 million. There's a large piece of that increase then from, let's say, from $2.8 billion to $3 billion to $3.2 billion. A large part of that, more than half of it actually is incremental CapEx that is related to the integration efforts of CCE North American sales. It is -- a lot of it's IT of having rationalizing the various systems to get us all within North America on the same system. Those types of things -- so in fact, what I would expect you will see is over the next couple of years, those investments actually will peak over about two years or they'll start going back down. Then we do have some real opportunities to increase both production and sales execution in a lot of our work. BIG markets, which are growing rapidly as Muhtar talked about in his section. So we're continuing to increase there, as I say, both in production capacity as well as sales execution capability, cold drink equipment, et cetera in those markets to continue to invest in the long term. And then back to the question asked earlier by Carlos, over some period of time a lot of those bottlers will actually be refranchised. And you'd see CapEx go down again relative to that.
Gary Fayard: No actually what we're seeing is that actually price mix in North America, I think, was actually flat in the quarter. So you got some mix and everything going on within that, but talking about 2011, we are taking positive pricing.
Gary Fayard: Number one -- thanks, Kaumil, if this was a pretty good year, I hate to ask you what a really good year would be. With that, I don't want to actually get into specifics of exactly what the pricing is because the pricing is not just straightforward. I can't just give you a percentage because what you've got is you've got different pricing by category of beverages. You also have different pricing by channel. You also have different packaging, particularly by package where you got different elasticities on different packages. And we're taking different amounts of pricing on each one of those, what we believe is the right thing to do for the market for customers, for consumers and for the company. So overall, we are pricing at a level that we think is the right thing to do long term, but we are not pricing at a level to say, "Okay, I have to make up for all of this commodity pressure because commodities go up, commodities go down." And I don't want you to then ask me the same question, "Are you taking your pricing down because commodity prices went down?" That's not what you do if, in fact, you're trying to continue to build a stronger and stronger brands over the long term, which is what we're into and not a quarter-by-quarter, "Oh my God, what did commodities do this quarter?"
Gary Fayard: Kaumil, I'd add one other item as well. I think everything, pretty much we've been talking about on this subject is relative to North America. When you get outside of North America, you actually start getting into a different set of answers. Because in those, in many other markets, you've got very different market dynamics. You've got very different inflation rates, et cetera. And so you get into different answers and really is, you have to kind of go country-by-country specifically.
Gary Fayard: Mark, this is Gary. No actually, what I was giving you was actually the gross number. So the impact -- what we see today is that the gross impact to the company from commodities will be in that $300 million to $400 million range, again primarily North America and our Bottling Investments Group. That will be offset to the extent we have positive pricing, et cetera.
Gary Fayard: Well first, the board hasn't met yet. The board meets next week. Number two, I think it's always prudent to start out the year in a kind of a conservative fashion. And as we go through the year and get into it, that's where we'll update you each quarter as we go through it. I think we just kind of see how we came out and how we're doing through the year, and we'll just update you as we go through.
