Muhtar Kent: Good morning, John. It's Muhtar here. I'll just say a few top line remarks about it and then also ask both Sandy and Ahmet to give some more specific details on their – in specific markets. I'd say overall pleased with our initial results, but as we've previously discussed and as I've just recently said it takes some time, anywhere from 12 months to 18 months, to realize the full value in terms of a return on those investments. We've found that disciplined quality marketing investments drive growth better than any other strategy or action. We're seeing good initial results in markets that have received the incremental media investment and also have improved the quality of marketing in our case, and the marketing investments in North America is a great point, which is a clear contributing factor in the strong performance in the quarter – continued strong performance in North America and the performance is getting better with 5% growth in organic revenues and 4% price/mix. That price/mix and that volume and that, therefore, growth in organic revenue would not have been achieved clearly without the infusion of that marketing and the quality and the quantity. In China, also seeing positive trends, strong marketing activation, as I mentioned in my remarks. Sparkling growing at 7%, Coke growing at double-digits in the quarter, allowing us to gain – continued to gain significant share in that market. And additionally, we're seeing accelerated trends in our value share gains, where you compare them against our trends a year ago. So with that said, clear that it will take some time for the full benefit on a quarterly basis as these investments take some time to ramp up, also challenging consumer environment and macro environments, and so, those are really what I would say. And in terms of our results, you see year-to-date, our marketing investments are growing and our margin is expanding by 50 basis points. So, I think the key is to be able to achieve both, and we are confident that we will continue to see more positive results. So with that, let me turn for some more specifics to Sandy and then to Ahmet for International example.
Muhtar Kent: Just adding to what Kathy mentioned, Steve, I'd say that also, in terms of simplifying our organization, wiring our business units closer and more directly to the functional centers in our company, that largely has taken place. We have essentially eliminated a functional layer in the company, allowing us to make faster and quicker and more effective decision-making in the company. That is already largely in place, and I think lots of continued work streams going on in COGS that will continue to benefit and help us to deliver more than the $500 million in savings for the year.
Muhtar Kent: I won't say it excludes anything, but I'm saying our focus would be – I think you should assume that it would continue in that area. If there's something that – obviously, the future, none of us know what the future holds, we can never be – we're always guided by the past, the future as something, and there may come some opportunities that we will look at. But, right now, what I will say to you is, base it on what I've said, the past few years being an indication of the future.
Muhtar Kent: Sure, Vivien. Firstly, I'd say, the challenge is never taken for granted, but the challenge is broadly very much a U.S. centric one, so let me just preface that and then have Sandy comment on what's happening in the United States and also comment – give you some more comments on other diet drinks like Coke Zero performance and so forth.
Muhtar Kent: Thanks, Nik. Firstly, I would say to you, as I mentioned in my script, in remarks, that we had a very successful global system meeting back in May, and I've seen much more improved engagement and also commitment by our bottling partners across the board: small, large, Asia, Europe, Latin America, Eurasia and Africa, North America. So I'd say to you, it's broad-based; and I'd say to you that there is a great deal of excitement that is around our plans, particularly our reinvestment plan, and also great amount of commitment for better execution and more investment on the side of our bottling partners. So, as I look at the pipeline of investment, I would say, I am much more encouraged today than I was, say, 12 months to 18 months ago. And I believe that that's driven by our plans and, basically, our belief in the future, and what is happening is yielding early results, and that is driving that engagement.
Muhtar Kent: No. We see it this year, and we will see it at a trend that continues to increase next year and beyond – certainly over a three-year period – here in the United States, in Latin America, in Europe, in Asia Pacific, in Eurasia and Africa.
Muhtar Kent: So, Ali, the algebra is volume times, price is what we generate as revenue and I think it's good that you ask that question and it's one of the important elements of the algebra. I think we're encouraged by actions where we basically expected to be. We're cycling 3% and we generated 2% and I think the volatility, as I mentioned in Russia on the verge of a recession today, from a macro point of view or Brazil where there's still significant challenges in disposable incomes; China disposable income levels haven't improved significantly. But importantly, improving trends on share were an all-time high in many markets, value share particularly which is very important and value share is driven again by the actions that we're taking. So, based on your question have you seen the bottom? I'd say, we're about where we expected to be, and we see that what we're doing is continuing to help keep that equation in place at an improving trend; equation being if the marketing wasn't there, the volume wouldn't hold up where it was and the price wouldn't hold up where it was. See it in that respect – both being propped up by the investments that we're putting into the marketplace and those investments being driven by the zero-based work that we're generating.
Muhtar Kent: I think you said it, those are continuing to improve. As they improve, they become – there's more that are getting in line for those assets and that's a good place to be. And I think basically we see those are great markets, not just in our hands but in the right hands. And that's the way we see it. And I think that we are encouraged by the internal plans we have, and I think that's all I can say right now. We're in a place where, let's call it this way, the fruit is getting riper.
Muhtar Kent: Thank you, Kathy, Ahmet, Sandy, Irial and Tim. In summary, our second quarter results were in line with our expectations and as we enter the second half of our transition year, we are where we expected to be. While there's more work to do. As I said, we remain confident that we have the right plans in place to restore momentum in our global business. The long-term dynamics of our industry remain promising. And we absolutely believe that The Coca-Cola Company is best positioned to capture that growth in non-alcoholic beverages and to deliver long-term value to our share owners. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us this morning.
Ahmet C. Bozer: Thanks, Sandy. Hey, John. We have a very similar story in Coke International. The bottlers and our teams have strong conviction about how better and more advertising drives top line. The examples that Muhtar quoted, there's more depth to that. I would add developed markets such as Germany and Spain to that list. I would add a developing market such as Mexico to that list. I would add an emerging market such as Nigeria as a good example. And there are other examples, where we increased media and we improved the quality of that communication, revenue results improve. Having said that, the history of this increase is less than a year for most Coke International markets. I would caution that it is early days; but definitely, we're seeing the positive examples of this action.
Ahmet C. Bozer: Mark, just to add on to the price/mix on Asia Pacific, the minus 6% was not a surprise to us. It was expected, and there was a lot of timing between the first and second quarters. If you look at the first half price/mix for Asia Pacific, we're in negative 2%, which is very much in line with what has been happening in Asia Pacific due to geographic mix and other channel mix issues. So, no surprises there.
Ahmet C. Bozer: Yeah. I mean definitely not in the numbers that you've seen in the second quarter, but the general trend of – around a couple of points of (44:11). However, we do continue to aggressively implement our more balanced top line growth in terms of price and volume across the territory, and we are aiming to improve on that.
Kathy N. Waller: Sure, Steve. On the share buybacks; basically, we've given the range of $2 billion to $3 billion, so we're still in that range. We've looked at where we were for the first half of the year and then we looked at cash, particularly because of the currency getting worse in the back half, and just tightened the range. So, basically, we're still in that range, in that corridor, we just tightened the range. And then on the second question, on productivity, we have basically stated that we are $500 million for – we are on track. The working capital has allowed us to basically focus on share repurchase, even with the significant currency headwinds, so basically the productivity initiatives we – that we are on track. We didn't give specific initiatives that we were working on for this year; you know about the people initiatives that we had, and we said we were going to be on target with the $500 million for this year. They're still coming from the three areas, so we're still actively working on reducing our cost of goods sold and moving DME from more promotional activities into media spend. So we are basically on track. I don't know – I can't give you any other specifics, other than we are basically on track for the $500 million that we anticipated that we would have for this year.
Kathy N. Waller: You know, I don't know that I can quantify how they come throughout the year. Part of it was dependent upon when we started to see movement with some of the people, and we've not gotten – for instance, Europe has to focus on the working – had to work with the Work Council, so their initiatives with people are really just starting – although everybody is aware, the movement of people is just starting. So part of that will be coming out, now that they've been able to focus on their moving people initiative, but I don't know that I can quantify the how and when it all comes through, because we focus on dealing with the work first. And we deal with the work first and then a lot of the other impact will kind of trail, making sure that we deal with – that the organization is appropriately set up for success going forward, which included focusing on the global organization and restructuring how we worked with the global organization. So all I can say is, we are on target with everything that we've done.
Kathy N. Waller: Okay. Hi, Bryan. Yes, on the margin question, our margins were negatively impacted by currency and by structural. Obviously, there is always some negative geographic mix that plays into that, but if you look at our margins and if you look at Pacific gross margins first of all, and if you look at them on a comparable basis, we lost some margin; but then if you take out currency and then you take out structural, then we were at positive margins again. And the issue more is about gross margin, it's not so much about operating margin. Then on your second question, which was...
J. Alexander M. Douglas, Jr.: No, I absolutely agree with that, Dara. And our strategy is, as Irial and I said a year and a half ago, we were putting in place a strategy of building strong valuable brands with accelerated quantity and quality of marketing, and we were going to take proactive opportunities to get our price in line with the value of the brand and to lead price up in a consistent and strategic way, working on the development of packages that consumers want, in particular, premium packages, and the consumer is pulling very clearly to smaller packages, so they can enjoy the ice cold refreshing taste of one of our beverages, but in a portion size that they want. The net effect, as Muhtar said, is that we have a benefit for mix, but our strategy as we look forward is to continue to lead. We see this strategy of disciplined price pack volume management underneath the brand building of strong powerful brand, as a long-term strategy and we continue to take action across our system every day to reinforce it, to grow our capability and to continue to grow our business in a very balanced and disciplined way.
J. Alexander M. Douglas, Jr.: Absolutely. The strategy is very consistent and we continue to be optimistic about our ability to make the levers work because our brands are strong and we're investing in them and because our bottling system is executing very well and we continue to get better. I think one of the mantras in our team, Dara, is that we've got the right strategy, but we are just beginning to hit our stride from a capability standpoint and we have much more opportunity to improve than we have progress made so far.
J. Alexander M. Douglas, Jr.: Sure. As we've discussed in several of these calls and in our interactions more one-on-one, the Diet and frozen parts of the food and beverage industry have been struggling for a number of quarters, it's getting into years now, as the consumer, the U.S. consumer moves really strongly to fresh. It's a good dietary change, actually, for the country, but the impact on categories and particularly categories that are appealing to diet-oriented positionings has been pretty negative. Inside our particular portfolio, we have brands growing and have brands struggling, Coke Zero, as Muhtar mentioned, grew in the quarter. Diet Coke continues to struggle. Our near-term improvements, though, we're starting to see the consumer base stabilize. We have an incredible number of very loyal drinkers in Diet Coke that love Diet Coke, and our milestone that we're seeking to achieve soon is to level our revenue to match price and volume such that Diet Coke's revenue gets to flat and then starts to grow again. As we look ahead, what I would tell you about Diet Coke is that we believe strongly in the Diet Coke franchise. Diet Coke, the brand is the number one diet beverage in the United States and it will be for a long time to come. We also are looking at changes in the category. Our largest competitor is changing their formula and they'll be launching that in August and that'll create a lot of buzz in the category, some of it good, as the good science of the safety of non-nutritive sweeteners gets out in the marketplace and is reinforced. We are looking at multiple programs to not only strengthen Diet Coke, but to offer consumers adjacent innovation in the Diet Coke franchise and we're excited about the long-term future. But, as we say around here, it's a work in progress and a lot more work to do, but we still are very optimistic about the long-term.
J. Alexander M. Douglas, Jr.: Sure. The growth in North America transactions is healthy, and that's coming from a number of things, but the small packages clearly are driving a tremendous amount of positive growth. Some of it is cannibalistic, but the cannibalistic nature of it accrues to higher margin; so the mix shift is positive, and then you have the incremental transaction growth that's being driven there. And the primary reason is that the consumers want smaller packages. That's why they're buying more Cokes. Our marketing model is about more people enjoying more Cokes more often for a little bit more money, and that's what we seek to accomplish in the marketing and execution of our brands. And what you can see by the mid-teen growth of the smaller packages is, they're driving that transaction growth and transaction performance positive, so the net effect of it is that it's positive in net-net. The other comment I'd make is that we have data in some of our retail partnerships that shows that moms, in particular, like small packs and are returning to the category to use small packs as a way of giving treats to teenagers and others in the household, and it's a particularly positive thing, because moms can do that with a pack that isn't too big; whereas, for many years in the category, we marketed packages that were too big, that were either wasted or over-consumed. Our package mix no longer does that, and it's one of the reasons why our growth is accelerating.
