James Quincey: Yes, sure. No problem, Dara. Firstly, overall, it'd be fair to say that the consumer sentiment in aggregate is actually pretty strong, pretty resilient. Within that, there are some softer spots, particularly, I think, which has been relatively put out there already some softness in away-from-home channels, with a little lower traffic and some increase in value seeking for combo meals. So definitely, there's a piece of the lower income consumers, which are either going out slightly less. But when they do go somewhere looking for greater value through combo meals. And then, of course, in the at-home channels, there's a slightly greater focus by those consumers on getting kind of value deals or promo deals. Having said that, there are just as much consumers spending on more premium categories or more premium price points and experiences. So that's all aggregating out at a sort of resilience, for the average overall consumer. Within that, I think we've done very well. We've seen strong growth across the portfolio. We saw a strong growth in Coke trademark in Fairlife, in Topo Chico and juices itself and in aggregate, we won value share in the quarter. So broad-based growth, some hotspots in terms of demand up demand down. But overall resilience for the consumer. And as you look out, the first thing that I think is worth underlining in North America, in particular, is the nature of the price mix. Remember that our North American business, a typically compared to the other parts of the world, we consolidate a set of vertically integrated businesses and a set of franchise kind of concentrate businesses, such that the growth of a channel or a category can produce a mix effect independent of pricing in the marketplace. As you look at the 11 points of price mix in the second quarter in North America, it's important to understand that, only half of that is actually price. The other half is mix. So when the juice drinks and Fairlife and the juice business grows, Topo Chico grows and Dasani is weaker, you get a mechanical business mix effect that, makes the price mix look like it's gone up, but it hasn't really in the marketplace. So think of it as half of it is business mix, and half of it is real pricing in the marketplace, which gets you to a much more logical match, to the level of inflation that's going out - going on in the marketplace in general, such that I think in North America and actually overall in general, around the world, excluding the high - the intense inflation markets John mentioned in the comments. We see that inflation is largely coming into the landing zone, yes, central banks would like to squeeze out another point or so. But generally, we're getting there, and I think that's reflected in our price mix. We still have input costs that are going up, typically, the agricultural ones rather than the metal, or commodity-based ones. But in the end, our strategy remains yes, there'll be cost inflation, yes, we'll look to put it through. Yes, we'll work on productivity. But any pricing we're going to take, we're going to have to earn with the marketing and the innovation and the execution. But it is, as I said earlier, approaching the normalization zone.
James Quincey: Yes, sure. So let me first just separate Europe from EMEA, which obviously includes the Middle East and Africa. Africa had a strong second quarter. Volume - good volume growth, building on good volume growth. In the first quarter, price mix. Obviously, there's a lot of swings and roundabouts macro-economically going on in Africa, but actually net-net, the Africa business had a really good quarter, winning volume and value share, managing through the inflation and growth on -- good volume growth and good price growth. The flip side is Middle East. Obviously, the conflict is continuing to affect the business in that part of the world. So there's some headwinds there. And then, if you come to Europe within EMEA, Europe was overall not where we'd like it to be. We'd like to see a little more growth coming out of the European business. And really, it's a complete mix across the countries in Europe. There's more pressure on the away from home in the West than the East. Yes, some of the sporting programs have certainly help, whether it was UEFA that's already happened or Olympics, which is imminently going to start. The sporting has helped, but there's been some pressure on the away from home, as I said in the West, and so the immediate consumption packs have been growing slower there. But the strong programs, but not yet enough to offset the weather in some of the countries, and the same general effect as the U.S. in terms of the lower income consumers seeking a value, and doing less away from home trips. So big picture, Europe, not too dissimilar from the U.S., perhaps a little worse weather and a little more sporting events, but in an aggregate sense, very similar.
James Quincey: Yes, sure. Thanks, Bonnie. I don't think it would be worth saying as a big deceleration going on as we come into the second quarter from the first quarter. If you just stand back a bit and look at what happened, and I think we were already calling out some softness in away from home, in the back end of last year. And so, I would characterize it more as there's been a slow build, from the back half of last year through the first and the second quarter. First and second quarter may be a little more negative than the back half of last year. But really, it's been a kind of a slow softening rather than anything major and abrupt and it's not like accelerating off a cliff. It's kind of a slow softening it's kind of just running at a softness level when thinking about away from home in the U.S. And then in terms of what we're doing about it, which is obviously the key question, is we've really got - being more focused. On how can we make sure that we bring to bear in the away-from-home channels in a sense, all the thinking that we have historically done on affordability, and price pack architecture in some of the mom-and-pop and line at home channels, to make sure working with our partners across the different channels that we can provide, whether it's the meal combos, or whatever format of offerings. So that there's a laddering of pricing to allow people to stay within the category and the channel. And so, those are rolling out as we speak. We expect to see them making an impact in the years to go.
James Quincey: Yes. Sure, Filippo. Yes. Latin America had another strong result in the quarter, sustained the volume momentum, as you mentioned, clearly being driven from Mexico and Brazil. It's a pretty broad-based category success story, including not just Coke trademark, but now Coke Zero at 20% volume growth. Obviously, part of this is a long-term capability and momentum building approach with our bottlers in Latin America, really bringing together all of the components of the strategy that we talk about, whether it be the marketing transformation, the focus on innovation, the execution of price packaging in the marketplace, particularly in markets like Latin America, making sure we both have premiumization and opportunities. But also critically important affordability options, whether that be with regular packaging or returnable packaging, but really making sure we have ways of keeping people in the franchise and all executed by the bottling system which has really doubled down, not just on traditional execution, and putting more cool doors out there, but the digitization of their relationships with the retailers. So really, representation of what is possible when all the elements of the strategy of the system are executed in the marketplace. I think it's worth noting that, obviously, yes, strong volume performance of 5%. Please do take in mind that the price mix is heavily affected by the Argentinian high inflation and two-thirds of the price mix is actually, due to Argentina. So that leaves you about roughly 6% for normal inverted e-commerce pricing for the rest of the countries. Nevertheless, a very strong result. In Latin America, very pleasing and looking forward to seeing that continue into the future.
James Quincey: Sure, I mean, absolutely, we're going to continue to press ahead with the marketing, with the innovation, with the price factor, with the execution. That's the way we earn the right to take a reasonable level of pricing. Clearly, some of the inflationary effects and some of the mix effects, are likely to become more subdued as we go into the back half of the years. So I'm not expecting, for example in North America, half of it is from mix and half of it is from core pricing. I think the mixed piece will start to train down over time and in part it does so, because it starts cycling itself. And so I think it's, the key for me is to look through the kind of the mix and the inflation effects and thinking about core pricing. And if you do that as an overall company level and look at the second quarter in its totality. Again there's, as I said, a big piece of it was inflation. You take it out and you're at the 4-ish percent in core pricing, offer 2% volume. There you are right in the sweet spot of the top end of the algorithm that, we've been looking to deliver on. So I think, the kind of the central assumption is a kind of landing zone for these effects like inflation and mix and starting to see more of the price mix being the core actions across the strategy flywheels driving the business.
James Quincey: Yes, so we as from a strategy perspective, have taken the approach over the last number of years, it cannot say even longer, that it's critically important, particularly when times get tougher to try and keep as many consumers in the franchise as possible, rather than trying to re-recruit them at some later stage. And they're in our focus not just on marketing innovation, but affordability within the price pack architecture. So clearly an objective of ours is not to see negative volumes, and to make sure we keep people in and use all the elements to do that. And so, as you say, we've got 2%. In the corridor, we've got - we've had a run right there. We've talked in the past, it remains true today that the central long-term growth algorithm, we're looking for a revenue of 4% to 6%, and we've set ourselves the ambition of staying in the 5% to 6% range, with a balance of volume and price mix. So that's essentially a way of, you know, if you've split that you're saying 2% to 3% in volume and 2% to 3% in price. We were kind of in that range in the quarter with the 2% volume. So I think in the long run, we'll continue to pursue that. Talked earlier this year that, in the shorter term, it's likely to be slightly more price and slightly less volume, which was kind of exactly what happened in the second quarter. So it would not surprise me, as we go through the rest of the year that that remains true, that we see slightly less volume than the kind of standard algorithm, and slightly more price - as pricing tends towards, inflation tends towards the landing zone. And I think that's likely to be true as we go through - the rest of the summer, hopefully the weather gets a bit better. But we're likely to see that slightly less volume, slightly more price. And probably a repetition of where that volume's coming from in terms of the rest of the year, the positives largely being the developing economies, Latin America, India, Africa, Southeast Asia, and to some extent Japan, and the kind of weighing on it a little, the kind of parts of North America and Europe channel and income specific and some of the disruptions from the Middle East. But net-net, we think we've got a strong strategy that's playing out and is winning. And we're confident that we can drive that to get the balanced algorithm of growth, through the rest of this year, for our guidance and into the future.
James Quincey: Yes, sure Robert. So definitely North America had a good second quarter. The standouts in terms of growth, clearly, actually what's interesting is actually if you look at the Nielsen Universe, and you look at which two trademarks provided most dollar retail growth in Q2, and the answer is Fairlife and Coca-Cola. And so, in a way, you can see that as a sort of microcosm for the overall strategy working. You've got broad ends of the portfolio working and it's being executed in the marketplace and driving really substantial growth. So good performance by Fairlife, good performance by the overall Coca-Cola with growth obviously being led by Coca-Cola Zero. In the sports category, getting better. We had some positive volume growth in BODYARMOR and Powerade. And we're really starting to see, the kind of stabilization with the marketing and the innovation, and some packed price work going on there. We're not yet gaining all the share we want again, but we've stabilized and starting to turn the corner with some of those innovations on Zero and Flash I.V. and Powerade power. So a good kind of step forward and turning the corner and clearly looking to do better. I'm not sure there's much more to say, great quarter and long may at last.
James Quincey: Sure. Well I think therefore. You need to kind of break it up a bit. I mean firstly look, we've had a great partnership with Monster, created tremendous value for Monster for us Coca-Cola and for the bottling partners. Clearly in the case of the U.S., there's been what happens in every category when people create a category, and there's one or two brands. People look for the white spaces and start to innovate, and start to bring new news to the category. I think that's what's happening in energy, particularly in the US. And so, I think working with Monster that will respond to the evolution of the way, the consumers looking at the category. I think it's also important to understand that the energy category, is one of the categories that responds to an overall consumer needs state, of being fueled for their lives. And so, from a company point of view, we see that as something where we bring multiple brands, to bear against that needs state. And each brand in each category needs to play its part in kind of delivering on that. Each one has to do their own work to do it. But I think there's more to be done across the board, including in the Monster energy portfolio. We're working with them on that. And then I think internationally, there's robust growth in the energy category and making good progress around the world in different ways and different forms. So I think, one has to kind of pull apart energy category and look at it kind of geographically, to see that overall it's still got some good growth, and there's different jobs to be done in different parts of the world.
James Quincey: Yes, sure. I'll take it in reverse order, Charlie. Yes, the negative pricing is more than driven by the mix effect. So core pricing is positive if you went operating unit-by-operating unit, but overall Asia price mix is negative, because of the way the mathematics of the thing works. But the central answer there is it's more than just geography mix. Geography mix is consuming core pricing and taking it down to minus 3%. Then if I go back to the performance of the different operating units, clearly the big swing in Asia-Pacific is driven by the bounce back of India. You'll remember that in the first quarter, India had a soft first quarter. The second quarter was very strong. And so that produces obviously a big swing in the results. So India had a good double-digit growth of volume in the second quarter. Still very bullish on India. Still very realistic in terms of it won't be a straight line into the future, but they certainly had a good quarter in the second quarter. We also saw good volume growth across Southeast Asia, including also volume growth across Japan and South Korea. Volumes were negative in the China operating unit. There's two parts to this story. The first is, yes, there's a general macro softness as the overall economy works through some of the structural issues around real estate, pricing, et cetera, et cetera. But within the things that we control, we have essentially been prioritizing and restructuring where we invest across the category portfolio. And focusing more on sparkling and juice drinks and teas. And deprioritizing what is essentially case-packed water, where we - don't make money in China. So the overall volumes were negative in China, but that's entirely driven by the de-prioritization of the water. And actually, I think the sparkling volume was slightly positive in China for the quarter.
James Quincey: Let me attack the answer in a different way. Our bias is to lean in and invest where we see opportunities. And to the extent that we continue to see opportunities, we continue to invest. And if we see more opportunity, we'll invest more. And the contrary is also true. If we see softness that doesn't warrant certain level of investment, then we will look to pull back. Having said that, there's nothing particularly in the guidance that's trying to tell you, is changing radically in one direction or the other. Yes, we continue to see the need for marketing pressure. It's not a fixed sum that, is not subject to inflation. But there's nothing in the guidance that's trying to tell you something radically different. It's very much we continue to invest and drive the top line, and we see the two marching together. Okay. Thanks, Robert. That was the last question. So to summarize, we're building a culture that emphasizes improving every aspect of how we do business. We have lots of opportunities in front of us. We think we're well positioned to capture these opportunities, and we're confident that we will successfully execute our strategy and create value for - our stakeholders. Thank you for your interest. Your investment in our company and for joining us this morning. Thank you.
John Murphy: Okay. Thanks, Bryan. So on the first question, yes, we had number of events during the quarter that affected that relationship between unit cases and concentrate. You mentioned a couple of them, the ingestion and the Red Sea and Singapore - in LatAm, we had some restocking in the wake of the floods in Brazil, and in our India operations. We had some stocking up to anticipate some future demand. So a range of factors, none of them with a threat - a common threat to them. Our guidance assumes a more normal second half of the year. But as you rightly highlighted, there is likely to be something ahead of us that, we have not anticipated. And if that were to happen, we'd certainly we certainly advise. But our goal is over the longer haul, is to continue to have cases and gallons in line. And with regards to the gross margin impact, there's a slight benefit on both the gross and operating margins related to the stocking, but it's in the tens of basis points and again, reflected in our guidance a year ago, with that leveling out that we expect.
John Murphy: Sure, Steve, thanks. So on gross margin, just to maybe highlight the big drivers typically our underlying performance any structural changes we have in the quarter, most of which nowadays as relates to our refranchising activity and then had a currency impact. So year-to-date, we're reflecting almost 200 basis points of increase. And that's primarily driven by structural and underlying with some offset on currency. And for the second half of the year, typically, the margin profile in the second half of the year is slightly lower than the first half. But I would say the overall trends in the second half of the year will be similar, to what we've seen in the first half. And maybe just to step it down on one - down to the operating margin line, not dissimilar. We have had more benefit on the underlying margin in the first half of the year than on structural. And then the second half of the year, I expect it to be more even. And yet, as we've discussed in prior calls, we sort of reserve the right to stay flexible in the event that we make investment decisions that linked to what's happening in our many markets around the world. But overall direction of travel on both the gross and operating line is our margin profile to be strengthening and to be pretty much in line with some of the previous conversations we've had on this topic.
John Murphy: Sure, Chris, thank you. Well, firstly is we're very pleased with the performance of Fairlife, and the end is in sight relative to the overall construct of the deal we have in place there. With regard to the broader free cash flow conversation, yes the sources we have are cash from operations. And in the short-term, as we continue to re-franchise some of our businesses from the proceeds that come in from that. During the second quarter, we also went into the debt market and we issued some long-term debt. And so, it's really a combination of those three that we are managing very closely, to deal with the end of this year and into 2025, on the outflows that we see. Balance sheet remains strong. We go into 2025 with a clear line of sight as to what needs to be taken care of. And yet, as we have discussed on many occasions, relative to our overall capital allocation strategy. We will continue to invest in the business as appropriate, to support the dividend file. We take care of the Fairlife acquisition and the tax payment that is, is on the horizon with relative to the IRS tax case. So all in all, it's going to be an interesting 18 months to work through. But we feel very confident that the work we've done today prepares us well to manage through it.
John Murphy: So regarding the timing, we're not giving out dates as to when we expect the refranchising process to finish, we're staying very thoughtful, disciplined in recruiting new partners in the areas that are still outstanding. And so, there's good work underway, but no imminent decisions and we'll advise as that work bear fruition. But I think the overall message is, we continue to be very clear internally on the path forward. And we'll expect over the couple of years to have the both of the refranchising, John, if not all of us. With regard to the impact on EPS dilution, it's a mechanical effect that comes from the broader strategic decisions that, we've - that we believe are right for the Coca-Cola Company, and over time for the Coca-Cola system. The refranchising work that started back in the mid-teens is demonstrating time and again that the overall system benefits, when there's a step change in overall performance. And with that step change, we benefit over the longer haul to - as you've seen this year, there is a mechanical impact on the EPS line. But longer term, we think that the broader value proposition of the Coca-Cola Company is staying very focused on what we do best, and having a balance sheet then that's designed to support what we do best, working in partnership with great partners around the world, is the recipe for us to ease and exceed our long-term growth model.
