James Quincey: Okay. We'll be -- in the spirit of generosity, we'll try and -- because they're very related. Look, we have a great partnership with our bottlers in Latin America from the 2 very big ones. Coke FEMSA, Arca Continental, through Andina and some of the more country-based bottlers. And we have developed collectively the system, many capabilities on many fronts, whether it be marketing automation, but particularly, the levers of revenue growth management and execution in volatile times. It escapes no one's attention that Latin America was a place that has had a rollercoaster of economic growth and inflation and difficulties. And we have a very deep partnership with these bottlers to work through these times. And that, I think, you see reflected in this quarter as we had a lot of good growth. The share did come in negative overall. I think there's a couple of things going on there. As you say, we did a lot better in sparkling, a lot of good execution in sparkling. And there was some pressure as much in juice or some of the juice drink categories, but also category mix. We are very much focused on, as we've talked about previously that when you are in a cost environment, that those cost increases, whether it be commodities or wages or logistics or marketing costs, need to go through over time. We have to earn the right for the brands to take if they need to go through. Sometimes when you're in a very high share market like Latin America and you lead on pricing, not all competitors necessarily follow immediately, and that can have temporary impacts on share. But we, with the bottlers, will be very focused on not only continuing to carry on growing, but to regain and expand our share position.
James Quincey: Well, clearly, my active generosity, Lauren has unleashed a torrent of multi-question questions, but it would be harsh to cut it off at this stage, Dara. Look, a couple of things. We did come in with strong momentum out of 2021 and coming to this year. And as I and John and we talked about previously on calls, we believe that pricing for our business has to be earned for the brands. We have to give the consumer and the retailer reason for the price increase and for the value of our brands, whether it's the marketing, the innovation, the execution or the packaging options, we do that. It's not a cost-plus business, although we do seek, of course, to protect the margin structure by moving through changes in commodities and other costs.  But we very much foresee as experience and history -- who was it? Mark Twain said, history doesn't repeat itself, it just rhymes. But when you go into high inflation, consumers come under pressure. There's clearly reductions in real purchasing power going on for some segments of the population, if not everyone around the world. And so our focus is very much to find those packaging and price options by channel where we can stay connected to people who are coming under purchasing power pressure, very much the affordability just building on the Latin America example for the last question; a lot of focus on returnable, refillable bottles because the economics of those packages work to an extent that you can have a lower price point for the package. And with reductions in purchasing power, we very much see the actual out-of-pocket price point and keeping a low entry point into the category is very important, also pushing the expansion of refillables in places like South Africa. So very much acting on the signs of consumer purchasing power pressure, but very much also anticipating that it will increase. It would be great if there were a perfect landing out of this inflationary environment. The rhyme of history would tell you that at some point, either inflation or reduction in purchasing power or supply constraints eventually create a bump. And at that point, we will want to both be accessing the premium opportunities that have but very much with an anchor in the affordability and entry price point opportunities and necessities as consumers come under pressure.
James Quincey: Yes. Sure, Bonnie. I mean I'm not sure it would be appropriate to comment on equity income into the future for our bottling partners. But as we go into a tough environment, as we always do historically, we make sure that we intensify our collaboration and partnership with our bottlers, both to work on what are the marketing programs and the innovation programs that are going to work in the consumer and the retail environment that we face wherever we are in the world, and also the execution initiatives and focus areas that bottlers can drive on. Because firstly, the environment is not the same in every country around the world. Some are opening up exuberantly and actually chasing and keeping up with demand and the kind of the reopening euphoria, all the way across the spectrum to parts of China like Shanghai, which is in full lockdown as though it were April 2020. So the environment is absolutely not the same in every country, and we have to work where on the curve of all the change, are we and be very clear. And in terms of the pressures, you talked about it, the pressure is both headwind and tailwind. Clearly, there are headwinds in terms of cost, whether it be commodities, logistics, wages. And as I said earlier in one of the questions, we work with our system, our bottling partners, to make sure we protect and sustain the margin structure over time. That's not necessarily true every single quarter, but that is our overall objective: earning the right to price the brands so that the system has the sort of margin structure and stability of that over the course of time, if not every single quarter. But there are headwinds there. Balancing those headwinds, there are tailwinds out there, as I said. The reopenings provide fuel not just for overall demand, but improvements in channels, away-from-home channels where we're strong and leaning in with investment produces great results. So this is -- there's a lot of variables at play in the downhill of the year and really just the key is the intense partnership with our bottlers to make the most of the opportunity ahead of us and to prepare ourselves for step 2 and step 3 further down the road.
James Quincey: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. Yes, I mean, firstly, we'd refer everyone who wants a greater depth to the proxy that's out there on our website, and we've tried to lay out some of the mechanics and our thinking behind the 2. We have made some changes, as you point out, Bryan, to the way the long-term incentives or more specifically, the performance share units, which are kind of a 3-year program. We've got a 10% element in that that's linked to our ESG goals. And so we are laying out some very specific targets that will drive a portion of those payouts. And because some of those ESG objectives take some time to execute against, we felt they were better embedded into the 3-year stock award programs. And then secondly, as you point out, with the Board and with the Compensation Committee, we felt to increase greater alignment with shareowners. We would readjust the balance of performance share units versus options for myself and push that up to 50%. I mean you can take that as a confidence in the future, but that's one very small stone on the large pile of stones of things we do to demonstrate that we believe this is a great company with a great future.
James Quincey: I mean our approach to pricing, I've commented a little bit on it already. Firstly, the highest level principle is the brand has to earn the right for pricing. And that is the combination of its activities in marketing, in innovation, in execution and the investments in the store and of course, in RGM to make the packaging and pricing architecture fit the consumers' needs. Obviously, what goes into a piece of that puzzle is also the cost environment, whether that be commodities, marketing, logistics, et cetera, et cetera. And we seek to balance the various challenges using RGM. As I said earlier, clearly, as we go into reducing consumer purchasing power, we need to have affordability as front and center, and depending on where you are in the world, can take the shape of different packaging but it all becomes about the entry price point to the category, not the kind of the higher-end price towards the category. But you balance that out by having -- moving up the price points on other package combinations. It all has to go in the mix. And it is all done with a perspective that not necessarily every single day, but in a reasonable time frame, the margin structure of the system needs to be sustained. You definitely don't want to get to a point where there's been a substantial cost push through, and that has not yet been passed on into the marketplace when any recessionary impact appears. Trying to catch up on pricing in a recessionary environment is very hard. And so we have a bias to action. In the same way, we have a bias to invest behind our brands in marketing innovation. We have a bias to keep up with cost pressures as they occur. And that, of course, leads us to take pricing more or less frequently depending on where you are in the world, and I expect to see more of that in the rest of the year.
James Quincey: Yes, sure. Thanks, Carlos. Clearly, as part of both our RGM initiatives, because the refillable, reusable packages tend to give you the opportunity especially in larger sizes, have a lower entry price point, which is particularly useful in developing and emerging markets. And so you have an intersection of a very important business imperative on affordability and the fact that ultimately, a refillable package is less likely to go to waste and has a lower carbon footprint. And so it really complements our world without waste ESG strategy where we're looking to create a circular economy around our packaging material. So the 2 intersect and give us 2 imperatives at both point in the same direction. And so we're very much looking to invest behind refillable packaging, making progress in gaining in mix in Latin America, also been driving that in parts of Africa. We've even taken to experimenting with returnable glass in the Southwest of the U.S. And so we are very focused on this because it does work for both of these imperatives, and so expect to see kind of more focus and more investment behind keeping that up and working with retailers to make it simple for the consumers to get the credits when they return these reusable bottles. So very much an investment focus.
James Quincey: Well, clearly, I mean, I've talked about our approach to pricing several times. And that is going to lead to more -- I mean there are going to be more price increases depending on where you are in. I mean there are countries with inflation well into double digits. And you do see multiple price increases during the year, as a matter, of course, when you're in those sorts of circumstances, with cost pressures to push through as you seek to sustain margins over time. Let me just address the elasticity question. It has been apparent, and other people have commented on less elasticity in recent times as price increases have gone through. I do not expect elasticities to be inelastic going forward. There's a reason you got the name elasticity. And so I fully expect, as I commented earlier on, inflation generally ends with some pressure somewhere. I expect elasticity to increase at some point in the future. Will that be next quarter? Or will that be next year? I can't give you the answer to that because it's very dependent on some macros, and it's probably going to vary by country. But we are very attuned to it, which is why I talked about how we are leaning into investing behind our brands so that we earn the right for the price increases, so that we can minimize the elasticity and that we keep a sharp eye on affordability, which again tends to minimize elasticity if we use RGM well. But as I say, if the choice comes down to, we think the elasticity is going up or we're going to have to not pass through some cost, we're going to err towards taking the price increase rather than not taking the price increase. As I said earlier, not seeing the cost go through and arriving at a recession being behind the curve is less desirable than embarking and having to take the hit from a greater elasticity in the short term. And so that's our kind of modus operandi, and we will certainly seek to earn the right to take the price increases. We certainly aren't looking to take price increases just because we can. We want to earn them as a brand, and we want to make sure we recover the cost over time.
James Quincey: Yes. Thanks, Robert. This is a very important area for us and our bottling partners. Simply put, the idea of connecting these customers is essentially that our retailers, particularly the traditional trade and the fragmented trade, remembering that on a global basis, about half of our sales go to the fragmented trade, whether that's from grocery side or fragmented in terms of being away-from-home and [eatery], so about half of the global sales go to that, is being able -- that they can order the Cokes they need or the rest of the portfolio that they need, they don't have to necessarily wait for the salesperson to turn up. This isn't about replacing the salesperson, very far from it. This is about enabling the selling system to be even more effective in that being able to connect with the retailers, generate orders. And so very much it's about sales force enablement system, such that in the same way that consumers in the developed world can just use their phones to -- with whatever system, with whatever app is appropriate to order things, and they don't have to go to the store to get them.  We see that the bottling system will be able to sell more and very much in the -- where we've implemented these systems, where it's a complement to the sales force, it has driven extra sales and driven retailer loyalty. And so we think we can see -- and obviously, we're very much engaged with the bottling partners to drive the connectivity, particularly for the fragmented trade so that they could order whatever they want, whenever they want from the Coke portfolio. And that's as true in the rollout, as you called out in Latin America. Myccep.com is the same basic idea. It's all about technologically enabling the selling system to be more effective for the retailers.
James Quincey: Yes. Laurent, looking at the non-retail business of Costa, the Express machines, the kind of vending digital barista machine had a very strong quarter with transactions growing strongly, and we're starting -- and we're seeing -- now that reopenings have occurred, we're starting to see the focus on placement of new machines across Europe and the Middle East; and also in China, although that's got a little harder in the last couple of months. But the Express machine is still doing very well. Obviously, they need the opening of the world to happen. And then on the Proud to Serve front, which is kind of providing the beans and machines to independent outlets, starting to ramp that up more in the Europe.  Europe environment, again, early days. We did launch some tests in at-home. That's too early to kind of call. And then Costa ready-to-drink has done pretty well in China. It's sustained its #2 position. It's continuing to grow, and we've launched it also in some of the European markets. So starting to see those innovations roll out, and we'll see how they do in the coming quarters.
James Quincey: Yes, sure. I mean, clearly, China is an important market to us. As I said in the script, we had a strong start to the year going into Chinese New Year. But the lockdowns, particularly Shanghai, took the steam out of things, and we ended the quarter negative. It's -- the key factor will be the degree of mobility. And we had -- and depending on how big that is will make a huge difference to the level of results. I don't think there's anything to call from the early days of April that's different to what was happening at the back end of March. The lockdowns, as you can read in the newspapers, are still in full force, so to speak, in those cities where they're locking down. And I think that's going to remain the biggest factor. Of course, we're going to focus on what we can control. We certainly had 2 years of trying to look at what that looked like over the last couple of years, and we'll continue to build on those learnings and the playbook that we had and adapt as necessary. It's a little difficult to predict exactly what it's going to look like, but we feel -- said a different way, we feel better prepared and more resilient for the COVID journey of 2022 in China than we did in 2020.
James Quincey: Sure. I mean, firstly on -- firstly, let me step back both. The away-from-home channels, whilst we have recovered to our 2019 levels, the away-from-home channels have not yet fully recovered. And in part, the -- and we -- I think I've talked about this on previous call, we've lost outlets in the course of the pandemic. That's true of the away-from-home, and that's also true of the fragmented grocery trades. And so there has been an impact on the number of outlets. It's not fully back. Of course, there is a distinction by sub-channel with away-from-home, particularly QSR has done well, particularly those with digital and drive-through have done well. So the away-from-home channel, even in a country, can't be considered as a thing. You need to break it down into the different subcategories and really look at it by that. But again, globally, it's not quite back at the 2019. There are big distinctions depending on what sort of sub-channel we're looking at. In terms of the current global status, yes, China very much impacted by COVID lockdowns, but there are other parts of Asia Pacific, Southeast Asia where there were pressures on the away-from-home channel. I mean, let me include Japan, which only just lifted the state of emergency, and we should start to see that improve. So as you think about the rest of the year, there are places where there is recovery yet to come. And of course, if there are recessionary impacts, either because of recession or loss of purchasing power in the face of inflation in certain parts of the world, then that will be an offsetting factor as we go into it.
James Quincey: I mean, we have a whole series of different situations around the world. I think the starting point is there's not one universal answer to this question. And part of that is because the nature of the retail landscape, the nature of the distribution systems and the nature of the alcohol regulation is different in different parts of the world. We certainly start from the principle that our primary interest is in the brands of The Coca-Cola Company. To the extent -- and you've heard me talk about like never say never in a kind of a probalistic view of things, to the extent that a case can be made for other products being on the trucks, probably other beverage products, including alcohol, and that is somehow going to make the system, the bottlers and it's going to sell more of our brands, then that is a question we're going to look at. And there are certainly parts of the world. We're going down that road, has been successful in selling more Coke products. Chile would be an example of that where there are other beverage brands, are typically alcoholic ones, whether that be beer or spirits on the truck and in the selling system, which has allowed us to have more salespeople with a digital overlay as we talked about on the previous question, so retailers can order things. But ultimately, it's successful not because we can get more things on the truck, it's successful because we can sell more of the Coke brands. And that was demonstrably true in Chile. Other parts of the world and not necessarily the same initial starting point, and it might make more sense. But the question will always come back to -- I'm always open to hear any ideas that are going to drive more business results and better business results. And my starting point for more and better business results is selling more Cokes and Coke products.
James Quincey: That's a simple one. No. I'm not sure there's anywhere in the world that Coke Zero is bigger than Coke. There are certainly some countries in the world where the combination of Diet Coke and Coke Zero sell approximately the same as Coke Classic. In the end, Coke is a great franchise. We make available the classic version, the Coke Zero Sugar version, and we invite consumers to drink the one that best suits them. We are not trying to predetermine the mix structure. We are trying to offer the alternatives to get to invite the consumers into the franchise. But no, specifically, I don't expect Coke Zero to overtake Coke Classic in North America in the short term.
James Quincey: Thank you, operator. Well, just to summarize, obviously, we're very pleased with our first quarter results. And while there are clearly more clouds on the horizon, our strategy is intact, and we are well equipped to execute and invest for sustained growth. Thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us this morning.
