John Murphy: Thanks, Bryan. So as we think about the full year, we're going to continue to have a tailwind from the refranchising work that we have discussed. And so I think that's going to flow through throughout the year. We expect to continue to have some expansion as reflected in our ongoing and the growth model, driven by both positive impacts and some productivity fee. The input horizon is more normalized. We do have some elevation on juice and sugar, which we'll continue to have. But the net of it all is that we'll have some tailwinds in the underlying area. Currency will continue to be a headwind, and you can kind of extrapolate that out for the year. So the net of it all is it will be primarily driven by the refranchising efforts positively, some underlying expansion, offset by the currency headwind. And as we reflected in our guidance, the top line growth continues to be a primary driver and the quality therein will -- I think will ensure that on a sustained basis, that expansion. Albeit not as potentially aggressive every quarter, but that expansion will be in our favor going forward. 
John Murphy: So the liability is very much linked to the ultimate performance. And as we close out this quarter, we're reflecting our latest and best estimates as to what that will be. The momentum of the business has been very strong. And actually, I think it's going to continue. And if anything, there may be some more upside. But for now, we're reflecting our best estimates for what that liability ultimately would be. Just to keep in mind that the liability will be -- it's an early 2025 ending to it. And we'll update as we go through this year in the event that the projections evolve. 
John Murphy: And if I may just add, James, I think one of the big changes in the last 3 to 5 years is that the ambition that we share, respectively, with all of our bottling partners is much more at the high end of what it should be than scattered. So I think that's -- and then it's working backwards from there as to what does it take to deliver that ambition. And yes, some are further along than others, but it's the ambition is that starting point that I think is helping to drive the progress that we're seeing each quarter. 
John Murphy: Yes. Actually, I think it does explain what's happened. I don't have the breakdown in front of me. But at the gross margin level, when you take into account the impact of currency, of some of the bottlers acquisitions that came back into our portfolio, that we're now in the process of refranchising and some of the other acquisitions, I think they have had a mechanical impact. And we can come back with a little bit more color on that. And then I think when you look at the operating income and how it flows down into operating income line, the primary driver are these items. So yes, I don't have it in front of me. We can follow up in a bit more detail. But yes, that's the story. 
James Quincey: Sure. Overall, in terms of the consumer and how that fed into the channels, the U.S. still remains in good shape. There is some purchasing power compression in the lower-income echelons. And I think it's quite clear that there's some behavioral shift there looking for value. I think that has led to a marginal channel weighting or shift, if you like, with slightly more at-home volume versus away-from-home.  I would emphasize this is at the periphery rather than a big shift. But the margin, slightly more value seeking, slightly more at-home, slightly less away-from-home. And so we've been stepping up our RGM efforts, our packaging efforts and executing against that, so that we have continued to gain share in the quarter. As it relates to pricing, of the 7 points in the first quarter, approximately 2 of those are mix or timing related, the rest is pricing, and we expect that to moderate as the year goes on. And we expect to see 2024 be in a much more normal year in terms of pricing, it's largely going to be as it was pre-COVID. So we're expecting to see 2024 end up with a much more balanced growth equation over the rest of the year. 
James Quincey: Sure. So markets outside the U.S. will roughly break down into 2 types. There'll be those perhaps typified by Europe, Japan, Australia, some of the obvious ones, where the competition and the economic dynamics of the marketplace are predominantly local currency. And so in these markets, our approach is to compete locally in the local currency given the cost structures in those areas. And we generally marry that with a long-term currency hedging or selling forward program, such that we can have a clear anticipation during the course of the year as to what that's likely to turn into. So that's one set of markets. And we essentially have put ourselves in a position through the hedging program that we can compete locally and do what's necessary to continue to win in those marketplaces, which is generally what happens.  The second bucket of countries, and that's much more apparent in recent quarters than even historically, where you have higher -- whether you want to say the chicken and the egg, a higher level of devaluation and a higher level of inflation. These tend to be more emerging market economies where there is less availability of economically attractive hedging programs. And so we tend to have hedged them. But also given the elevated nature of the dynamic between the inflation and devaluation, we do -- we obviously are competing locally. So for example, in the Argentinas of the world, we're competing predominantly locally to win in that marketplace and set ourselves out for the long term. And the inflation -- it's very cyclical as these markets cycle through higher inflation and high devaluation.  Sometimes, the dollar value of those businesses shoots up. And sometimes it shoots down. At the moment, they're in as of shooting down in dollar terms. So they're declining in dollar terms, even though they're growing a lot in currency neutral. But we look at it on a long-term basis to win using the RGM and all the other investments we make in the business. And of course, they're not all in sync with each other. So it's a portfolio management question.   And then overlay that is, of course, a corporate approach in terms of prioritization, where and how to invest, whether it's a lean in and lean in with what sorts of investments, such that we are able to deliver on our corporate level commitment to make sure that the end of it, the sum of all the competing locally, is more than the sum of the parts, such that we can deliver a consistent level of U.S. dollar EPS growth. 
James Quincey: Sure. Clearly, we haven't progressed as fast as we would like with regard to BODYARMOR, notwithstanding the step-up in the discount rate, and that's reflected, as John talked earlier, in the charge. Notwithstanding that, we do see long-term value in the dual strategy, particularly in the U.S. between POWERADE and BODYARMOR. We're off to a good start with some of the plans the Zero Calorie version is ahead of expectations. The Flash I.V. has got some double-digit share. And the Sport Water version is one of the fastest-growing premium water brands. So some product innovation is getting some traction, a new partnership with NHL on the marketing front. And on the execution front, a stepping up of the merchandising and sales force focused directed just at the sports drinks category, which is helping improve the share trend in the category. Although not at the rate we had hoped initially, but we think we are in good shape going forward. Obviously, we'll have an opportunity with the Olympics to really continue to step that up. So plans in place across the product innovation, the marketing and the execution, and we think this will come to fruition over the course of the year. 
James Quincey: Sure. We'll let us go around Asia quickly. I mean China, we are cycling in the first quarter a very strong Chinese New Year first quarter from 2023. So I think we had a solid a solid quarter in China. We focus very well on having a good Chinese New with sparkling, which was good. We deprioritized some of the lower-value water in order to do so. And as we commented earlier, the Chinese confidence isn't as strongly rebounded as some of the other markets versus 2019. And so we see an overall environment where there'll be growth, perhaps not at the top historic levels, but there'll be growth. And so we're there we're very much focused on what we can control and the things we need to do. There's still huge opportunities in the Chinese marketplace, notwithstanding the macros. And there's a lot we can execute against in the marketing, in the innovation, in the execution in the marketplace, in the stores and with RGM. So there's a lot for us to achieve that's within our control in China. In the rest of Asia, we had a good quarter in Japan and South Korea. Good share gains, really starting to pick up the pace. Also, likewise, we had a strong performance in the Philippines, which is an important market for us, and so that was good in the quarter. The one that was atypical or at least compared to recent quarters was India had a slower start in January and February. As we've talked in previous calls, we're very bullish on the long-term prospects for the Indian business.  And we're also very clear it's not going to be a straight line of metronomically consistent growth. And so it wasn't in the first quarter. It was a little softer January, February, but March and April have now bounced back. And so we expect to see India continue to have a strong year this year. 
James Quincey: Sure. EMEA, also this quarter had a whole series of moving pieces. As you started on price/mix, clearly, there's a number of countries in there with very high inflation. Not just Nigeria, but also Turkey and somewhat mathematically unlikely, some of the smaller African countries given the level of inflation can also make a difference to the pricing lever in the EMEA segment. So the EMEA segment has a substantive piece of pricing that is the inflationary marketplaces, including many markets you wouldn't normally suspect. And so that's a roundabout way of saying, actually, the -- in Europe, our pricing is much more normalized. And a bit like the U.S., we both see improved macros. Actually, I think that, today, a number of the markets came out and said they've come out of recession from the previous quarters. Like the U.S., we see the lower income consumers remaining under pressure. And at the margin, slightly more shift towards value-orientated channels, at-home orientated channels and lesser from the away-from-home. And clearly, that's related to our focus, not just on the marketing and the innovation with the RGM and affordability and driving premiumization. So Europe, not too dissimilar a story compared to the U.S. But the EMEA segment mix is in both the Middle East conflict and quite a number of the high-inflation countries. 
James Quincey: Yes. Look, clearly, both Trademark Coke, original taste, Coke Zero, have been having a good run over the last number of years and really focused on performance. But also perhaps unlike in times more recently passed, Sprite and Fanta have also been doing well. This has been a intentional focus for the company and the bottling system, which historically, we have looked at and managed sparkling altogether.  And very deliberately a number of years ago, we separated to really focus in on Coke, Coke Trademark on its own with all the innovations, whether they be things like the K-Wave innovations, or continuing to focus on Coke Zero with updated -- the updated formulas or focusing on original case Coke with the Marvel activations that's just coming out. A real focus on Coke, and that has been part of what has driven success over the last number of years. And ultimately, for the company to do well, Coke has to do well. It's the kind of a mathematical certainty, and that has certainly been what's driving this. And then the separation of Sprite, Fanta and some of the regional brands particularly perhaps some of the Indian soft drink brands like Thums Up, have really got their own deserved focus. Actually, if you put all the flavored sparkling brands together, they would be one of their own big FMCG companies in their own right.  And so really, what you're seeing is this focus on the formulas of Fanta and Sprite, really doing much better and being teamed up each time we've brought it to marketplace with a full marketing package. For example, Fanta in the U.S. had a good run as we updated the formula and relaunched the marketing. And so I think the -- it's been doing really well. I think the only a place where we've not succeeded, particularly with some of the flavors are in the Chinese marketplace, for example, given -- and that's really a Sprite question there. That we need to continue to focus on to do better with Sprite in China. But otherwise, Fanta, Sprite and particularly the Indian flavor brands have done very well, and of course, Coke is a pretty broad-based success story. 
James Quincey: Yes. So the simple answer is yes. We believe the businesses can continue to grow in Latin America, both in volume and revenue terms. It's been a long-term success part of the business with a very strong system between ourselves and the bottlers focused on the marketing, the innovation, the execution on the RGM.  We'll continue to build on the recent year's momentum. Performance this quarter was strong in -- particularly in Mexico, Brazil and Colombia. Obviously, Argentina was impacted by the macroeconomic conditions. But we have a very tight system. We're very focused on what needs to be done and continuing to invest in capacity in order to continue to unlock the volume growth. 
James Quincey: Sure. I think the first thing is to bear in mind a certain segmentation of the innovation. And what I mean by that is you've got a strong focus on a part of the innovation that's around renovation of the core. So you get into kind of a question, okay, well, is the new Coke Zero formula or the updated Fanta formula backed with the new marketing campaign, is that -- you're going to count that as innovation or not. So the first thing is to understand that there's different types of innovation at play here all driving the business. One being. In a sense, the renovation of core brands. Secondly, our launch is intended to be ins and outs. So some of the Coke Creations, where really the focus is on reengaging with consumers in a novel way to drive relevance of the core brand. So you're not expecting it into the last. And then, of course, there are things we're putting into the marketplace that are new innovations, whether it would be something like a Minute Maid Zero Sugar or something like the Absolut SPRITE or the Jack Daniels and Coke. So these things -- and then, of course, you've got nonproduct-based innovation, like it's a new bottle size or a new can size. So we track across all these things. As it relates to product innovation, we have a very clear set of metrics on whether it's still growing on the fifth quarter after its launch. So is it cycling itself and continuing to accelerate. So there's a lot of cliometrics. But we do not set ourselves an artificial strategy objective of it has to be X percent from innovation. As it happens, about 25% of the growth comes from innovation, but it is not set that way.  In the end, we are not setting ourselves up to sell what we make. We've got to sell what the consumers want to buy. So it's about doing justice to every brand and every idea and every package and every channel, and then service that resulting demand. If that is led by a great new innovation or by 138th year of classic Coke, then that's the answer. 
James Quincey: Yes, sure. Look, I think each part of the world is in its journey to continue to add value to the retail. Because in the end, this is about, together with the bottlers, making sure that we are adding value to the retailers business. Our objective at the retail level is to grow the beverage category faster than the average of their business, and for us to grow our portfolio of brands faster than the beverage category.  And to do that, we've got to add more value, and that takes different forms in different places. And so as that happens, for example, the pre-sellers, they move from just order taking to account development. As AI comes in, it generates a suggested order for the retail outlet that is demonstrably more efficient in helping the retailer drive sales and then allows the salesperson to do more account development and to expand on different ideas. So at each stage, it's about taking the system capabilities to the next level so that we can continue to add value for the retailer. Everything that was done in the past starts to become the price of entry in the future, and so we need to keep adding value. And so I think there's a strong growth in capabilities all around the world specifically focused on the channel structure that the bottlers have in any given market. 
James Quincey: Sure. Yes, timing differences naturally reverse between concentrate units and unit cases. Partly, it happens when there is a different number of days in the quarter, then we have the -- we use the 445 system for all sorts of reasons. And what that causes sometimes is different numbers of shipping days in quarters. And so you undersell when you got less days, like the first quarter. And of course, in the fourth quarter this year when there's 2 extra days, there'll be way more concentrate units than there were cases, relatively speaking. So over the course of time, these anomalies or differences reverse themselves or average themselves out. And then as regards to the 2% volume, yes, look, I have a very strong view that the -- our overall ambition to see our revenue grow at the top end of the algorithm, I'm leaving aside the intense inflation countries for the sake of the argument at the moment, we want to grow at that 5% to 6% range. And we want that to have a balanced contribution from volume and price/mix. So implicitly, looking for 2% to 3% on volume. And I think we talked last quarter that in the current circumstances, that's likely to be slightly less volume and slightly more prices, as price inflation normalizes. And so I think that 2% is still pretty good number. It's certainly been the average growth rate in volume. If you take a compound number over the last number of years, you're going to get something like a 2%. So that seems to be the momentum we're driving. And that -- if you strip away the inflation and the weirdness in the first quarter, what you see is, you got that 1% volume, which given the Middle East headwind of 1% and actually recycling the strongest quarter last year, you can say it's a good volume number. It has good underlying price/mix in the normal countries. So the kind of the normal performance is right at the top end of the algorithm there, and then that feeds its way through to 7% EPS growth. So I think right in there, the main business, notwithstanding the kind of peripheral noise, is humming away right in line with where we said we wanted to be. 
James Quincey: Sure. I mean, clearly, in the case of the U.S., we've commented in previous calls, that our expectation would be modest, flat to modest growth in volume on a long-term basis in North America with good pricing. Clearly, that remains our overall ambition. Whether we get from the flat to something more positive in the rest of the year will obviously be a combination of what we execute against and the trajectory of the purchasing power of the economy in the balance of the year. But we're very focused on continuing to build the business, drive the revenue and continue to win in the marketplace. And we'll see where that nets out, too. And then in the case of where we were doing well and where not clearly, we had a strong quarter in terms of sparkling, in terms of some of the other categories in North America. Dairy, obviously, the fairlife additional charge, as John talked about, as the earnout is in its last year, very strong quarter on dairy, very strong on sparkling, actually good on juice.  The water and the tea, and obviously, to some extent, obviously, the sports categories, were a little softer. Some of it on the water was selling less of the kind of the case pack water. And tea, I think it was very much a question, we just need to focus a little more on some of what needs to be done there. But it was more on the kind of the Fuze Tea end of the spectrum rather than the Gold Peak end of the spectrum, which tends to do better. 
James Quincey: I don't know if something was up with the line today that was very kind of broken up. But I think, Brett, you were asking about the digital experiences in B2B and what happens in shares in the category. There are multiple -- B2B is not a singular thing and the digital version of B2B is not a singular thing. There is a vast amount of B2B business that has been done for many years with direct order transfers, largely to large store modern retailers where order replenishment has a long-standing track record. And this is really focused on the efficiency of making sure the shelf is not out of stock from products. And it's more a process of support to what already goes on. And so actually, you see it's enabling the physical presence in the kind of the analog world, if you like. Of course, there's other types of B2B, for example, in the mom-and-pop stores, where we have moved heavily from a you have to wait for the pre-seller to appear type of relationship with the mom-and-pop stores to where that is complemented by some sort of ordering and relationship platform. They come in multiple guises, depending on where you are in the world, and the relative need and cost efficiency of doing so. But those platforms allow retailers effectively to be able to order, make additional orders 24/7, maybe even book servicing for their cold drink equipment, follow loyalty programs, et cetera, et cetera. So there's a lot of different types of B2B relationships. Generally speaking, they are supportive of us continuing to grow the relationship and to continue to do well. And -- but they are enabling rather than consumer facing, so the kind of the share is a little trickier to determine. Okay. I think that was the last one. To summarize, first quarter of the year, strong start, and we're confident we can continue to create value for the stakeholders and shareowners and deliver on our 2024 guidance. We'll continue to manage through the many different types of environments out there, but focus on leveraging our capabilities to drive what we can control to make sure we get growth. So thank you for your interest, your investment in the company and joining us this morning. 
