John Murphy: Sure. Bryan thanks for the question. It's still early and there's as we talked on the call a fair degree of uncertainty remaining. And we'll have certainly a lot more to visibility I think when we get to the fourth quarter call. In the meantime, as we just discussed 2021 will be an unusual year. We're cycling a number of unusual impacts from this year. We will see a step-up in our discretionary spending, as we go into the fourth quarter and into the first half of next year. And we're also going to I believe see the benefit from the strategic initiatives that we have outlined in the July and on this morning's call. Our new organizational structure will be, well in place at that stage. So I would anchor our spending in 2021 going into 2022 off our 2019 base, and take into account the actions that we have discussed to both drive the top line and to drive greater efficiency, across the organization. And we'll be in a position to talk more in detail, on the Q4 call.
John Murphy: First, the housekeeper here. 30% decline year-over-year. But Q3 and Q2, showed -- I don't have the number exactly in front of me but showed about 65% on 30% from Q3 over Q2. So we continue to look at that sequential improvement Kevin quarter-to-quarter. And I'd expect Q4 based on what we're seeing around the world to – for us to continue to have targeted investments in those markets where it makes sense to do so. And as I said earlier, as you look at 2021, I would encourage you to think about 2019 as an anchor. And then from there factor in the work that we have underway on the marketing area, particularly marketing innovation to drive greater efficiency. We know there's a lot of opportunity when you wire the organization together. And the way we're doing it, it unlocks a lot of opportunity for us to do the same with less or to do more with the same. And that is – that will be the part of the strategy conversation going into 2021, as to which of the approaches we take on a market-by-market basis.
John Murphy: So I think we need to – you need to think about 2020 as being a very unusual year in which we have obviously been able to manage very tightly our cost base through the pandemic and particularly through the worst phases of it, which in turn has allowed us to deliver operating margin improvements that are out of the normal pattern you would expect. I would encourage you to think about our long-term growth model has been the – again the anchor. Embedded in our long-term growth model is a belief that we can over time continue to expand margins. And the actions that we are taking, which will have an impact in 2021 going into 2022 also, those actions are I believe will allow us to deliver on that algorithm as we go forward. So again, 2021 versus 2020, we're going to be cycling an unusual set of circumstances. And I think that needs to be appropriately factored in to the models that you will be deploying.
John Murphy: So let me take that. On the last point there's actually no change in our views on share repurchase. I think it's very consistent with what we've talked about on previous calls, our priorities as we look ahead are to reinvest in the business and to continue to support the dividend. We continue to have an opportunistic view on the M&A front, although don't expect a whole lot on that on the horizon there. And share repos have really -- was our number fourth on the on the priority list and we expect them to stay there for the foreseeable future. So that's on that point. Regarding the higher end of the algorithm, yeah, I think 2021 is -- we're going to be cycling a set of unusual factors. My view on the algorithm I think James will share this too is that we're talking about getting back to the higher end of the algorithm. As you think about the -- over the next -- over the mid-term. So the higher end when I think about the algorithm I'm looking at a 2022 versus 2019. 2021 versus 2020 is going to produce a not usual set I think of results. But that's to be expected given what's happened particularly in Q2 and in Q3.
John Murphy: Let me take the working capital question. Minimal impact overall. There's a real opportunity here to clean up our internal supply chain end-to-end. So when you think about the amount of small purchases that are required to support these brands that are -- that represent the long end of the tail it's a pretty sizable number, but relative to our overall working capital it's not that material. But it certainly gives us a little bit of a tailwind as we go into 2021.
John Murphy: Yes. So with regard to 2021, we are substantially hedged on the G10 currencies. And as we've discussed in prior calls, the bigger variable and point of volatility is what happens to the large emerging currencies, particularly in Latin America and in Africa. So to the extent that they stay pretty solid and will be in -- as I said, we would see minimal impact. And then, with regard to the commodity situation, this year has been a favorable year for us on the commodity front. And we would expect 2021 based on the latest estimates we have on the various components to be pretty even with 2020. And to your point on aluminum, in particular, there'll be maybe just a slight favorability based on what we see at the moment. We do see on PET, there will be some -- I think some slight increases, but we can manage those with other offsets inside of the cost of goods line.
James Quincey: Sure. Look, the headline is, we're more confident today, in the long-term growth potential of the company and the bottling system than we were pre-COVID. And the reason I say that is, look as we came into the crisis, we'd obviously done a lot of things reinvested in Coke re-franchised. And we had launched the total beverage strategy with Beverages for Life. And we were starting to get traction. We were starting to see the business both the company and the bottlers get up towards the higher end of our long-term growth model and come off several years, of good revenue growth and starting to see the earnings take off in dollar terms for the company, in EPS and for the bottlers as well. And building off that strategy of Beverages for Life, the actions we're taking this year really being very focused on what are the brands that can take us into the future. As John said, we're going to we're letting go half more -- slightly more than half of the brand, so we can focus on those with the greatest potential. They account for a relatively small amount of revenue and profit, but they take up a disproportionate to that amount of time, process and shelf space. So the focus on, the portfolio the updating and change to the marketing model, as John mentioned, not just the efficiency but the effectiveness of the model, with the new organization, with the new networked organization and with the Platform Services. These actions are helping us not just adapt and prosper within the COVID crisis and clearly Q3 was better than Q2. But it's giving us confidence that, we are not only going to emerge from this crisis ahead of the economy overall in a stronger position, but we will be even better setup to drive the Beverages for Life strategy going forward. And I think you can see that play through from the company, into the bottlers. Yes, every country is not equal. But a simple sign is that our third quarter was better, because our equity income was better, which is a direct result of the bottler is doing better in the third quarter. So I think the way the system grasped the nettle in March and April and rapidly shared the learnings, and shared the adaptation strategies has paid dividends for the company and the bottlers during the crisis. And I think we are well set up and are all collectively being proactive in setting ourselves up to be stronger, when this ends whether that's because the bottlers are going to intersect with the upgraded marketing, with deeper execution against revenue growth management, and local execution. Everyone is very focused on the efficiency of the supply chain and the rationalization of the product portfolio will pay dividends through the bottling supply chain. The idea of moving resources from the kind of -- the back office on to the feet on the street will pay dividends in the bottling system. So I think you see a system in sync philosophically. And driving the changes needed to both win in the crisis and emerge stronger. And I believe we're in a better position the company and the bottlers today to be stronger in the long term than we were precrisis. 
James Quincey: Sure. I mean market share -- firstly our headline approach on market share is to win in the channels that are open. I mean it's -- we've talked about it on the last quarter it's clear. And so we have a stronger position in away-from-home channels and a higher share in away-from-home channels than we have in at-home channels and therefore mechanically as those have closed down and locked down we kind of mechanically lose share. So what we have focused on is to say to the system we must focus on winning share in the channels that are open. Because then as the world recovers -- and I'm a strong believer that as the world recovers with the fact that we are social animals means we will mix and mingle. Some of these channels will evolve and not -- they won't all come back in the same way, but away-from-home will come back and humans will go out and socialize and do lots of things. Because they want the experiences they're not going to stay stuck at home. So it will come back. So we're focused on winning share in the channels that are open and so we have been winning share in the -- for the at-home channels. And that is true across the board. That's true across many, many, many of the countries. It's very rare to win in every country all the time, but we have been winning broadly across the world in the at-home channel. And so -- and I think you've seen commentary about how bigger brands and people have been returning to the brands they know and love from other categories and other sectors too. So I think that that's very much what's going on. And as we look forward to kind of the focus on going forward the reduction of the portfolio by about half is actually going to allow us to bring more stronger innovation to the table. This is not about less innovation and less ability to tap into local insights it's actually about leveraging the most successful vehicles to do that. So already this year, we have seen the revenue per innovation double versus what we had last year. So it is about combining the platforms and the global and regional brands and the platforms to connect to local insights and that is part of the art of bringing it to life. And of course in terms of how long do you wait before you pull some of these innovations we have some pretty clear metrics. Of course the first thing is to decide what's the innovation for, what's its objective? It could be -- we talked on the call are we trying to get into a new category, are we trying to get -- are we trying to do a flavor extension on the existing brand, is it a packaging innovation, what sort of innovations are we talking about. But each one has its mission and has its goals and we are very focused on tracking how it's doing and we'll sunset it as and when hope is no longer there or rational hope is no longer there. 
James Quincey: Sure. Look firstly the two big things to say about that. Firstly of course, we have not reached the end of the process. We have gone -- made a decision very early on to make this redesign more in the open. I mean often restructurings are done in the room by a few people and then announced to everyone. That's not what we have done. We have decided that we are going to enroll enlist and engage with a much much broader piece of the organization to make sure the design is what we want. And so therefore you have a more public -- a longer public timeline which is what we're in. We have gone through a large part of the voluntary separation plan, but we have not completely finished the design and we are still working on that. But all of that leads to the obvious conclusion that a lot of the feedback is around uncertainty and when will I know what happens to me which is completely and totally understandable and we are working as fast as we can to provide as much certainty as possible. So that is still ongoing. And as John commented we expect the large majority of all of that to have been completed for the clarity by the end of the year. Some parts of the world not given local consultation requirements. But the -- when you stand back from the restructuring process, when you take the feedback from the employees and we've done surveys and both formal and informal, in the end you're going to end up with two types of feedback. You're either going to get a type of feedback which is, I don't understand what we're trying to do or I don't understand how we're going to do it yet. And the very encouraging thing about where we've got to so far is, there's a great deal of clarity in the employee base around the strategic reasons to do what we're doing and how it will help improve and drive the business. And there's a -- certainly from the people that have been announced leaders at the top piece of their network they have -- they also have that very clear and are very energized about bringing it to life. So the majority of the questions the vast majority of the questions are on how is it going to come to life and of course what does this mean to me which is an encouraging sign. It's a natural reaction, but it's also an encouraging sign that this is on track to deliver the sorts of benefits and support the ability of the company and the system to drive the top line. And the feedback from the bottlers is also positive on how this will help them and we will collectively as a system be stronger. 
James Quincey: Sure. The thinking behind where we're going predates COVID. In fact, we had a senior leadership meeting with the top 200 in February before the crisis became completely apparent where we started to talk about what would it take to bring a much more networked organization to life and started to talk about some of the dimensions. So the idea of the reorganization, the purpose of being a networked organization predates COVID.  And it's a logical consequence from starting to bring the Beverages for Life strategy to life no pun intended. So it is very much a continuation of where we're going. It's an agenda item that was clear. It was coming. Obviously in February, we were at the relative beginning stages. What the time of COVID particularly Q2 what that did to influence the program was really a couple of things. One, it was clear that when we took the actions to refocus the system on safety and continuity of supply in Q2, the clarity of moving quickly on refocusing on fewer SKUs and the boldness of those decisions are paid off very quickly. And the insight was not just that, but the ability of the organization to act with speed was very encouraging. That led us to conclude that we should accelerate even in the course of the pandemic the move to the networked organization and really drive that forward and push that on. And so that's what we've done.  As I just said on the last call, we're largely through it. Of course, the other thing that came out of pandemic was a decision to try and make it as enrolling and engaging with the organization as possible even at the risk of having a longer period of uncertainty because the design is more in the public. And I think that has proven to be very powerful in helping us optimize the design of what we want. And so that increases our confidence level that it will be another key component to helping us emerge stronger from the crisis and get up to the top range of the long-term growth model. 
James Quincey: Yes. They're not all new to the parts of the world they're in. Obviously, Nikolaos who is leading Europe was leading EMEA before which obviously included Europe. So very much in the case of Europe, which was doing very well. Nikolaos represents a great deal of strategic continuity. And obviously self-evidently in the case of Europe we have the challenges of not just the expansion of the portfolio and success in the categories, but also the recovery of the away-from-home channel. So -- but there's a great deal of leadership continuity in Europe.  In the case of Latin America, Henrique who's now leading Latin America was leading the Brazilian business and Brazil is the star performer so far this year. And that is not just a consequence of the actions they've been taking in the short-term. The Brazilian system us with the bottlers have been very focused on responding to what several years ago was a very deep recession or depression in the Brazilian economy doubling down on the brand portfolio, doubling down on affordability through big investments with the bottlers in returnable packaging looking at execution and coolers. And that is paying dividends this year and helping drive Brazil to be the best-performing business unit so far in terms of absolute growth. And so Henrique deeply knows Latin America and the strategic challenges that we have there and will be fully capable to lead there.  And then Alfredo is coming in to the U.S., where we have been on a good track in terms of driving the portfolio and gaining share in the U.S. business. And certainly, we're hoping to continue the best of everything that was happening in the U.S. before, but also infuse it with some of the thinking from Latin America whether that be around revenue growth management particularly in the economic times we're in, some of the sharpness on the portfolio and on the margins and working with the bottlers as well on the supply chain. 
James Quincey: Yes Topo Chico. We're very excited about opportunities in Topo Chico. Obviously, it's a fantastic sparkling mineral water brand and has done very well. The U.S. situation is very unique and specific. Clearly our starting position for innovations is to work with our bottling system. The best result is much more likely in terms of scale and profit to be the nexus between brands that the company owns and drives and go through the bottling system, and that's how we're approaching the Topo Chico Hard Seltzer outside the U.S. In the U.S., it's very specifically driven by the nature of the regulation of the beer market or the alcohol market in the U.S. And many of you I'm sure are familiar with the 3-tier system for the U.S. marketplace, which is unique to the U.S. So we're launching in Latin America with our bottlers. But as it relates to the U.S., we have to find a path within in the 3-tier system. And so that's why we've looked for an external partner or more specifically a partner already in the alcohol industry. It also relates to the fact that having someone who is an existing brewer is a much easier supply chain path into the category. And it also happens to be the case that the network of distributors the Molson Coors has also connects with some of the parallel businesses of people who are connected to the Coke system. So the U.S. structure is very specific to the U.S. regulatory requirements and to the partners who we think can help us drive what's needed for Topo Chico. How do we find success? This is going to be an explorer brand from us. I mean we are for sure clear that what we don't know about the alcohol and Hard Seltzer category is more than what we do know. And we need to continue to work our way to understand these opportunities as much as we did with Lemon-Do in Japan, starting small, learning and then expanding as we got success. And so we will take a very similar approach in the U.S. with Topo Chico Hard Seltzer as to working exactly what connects with consumers and what connects with retailers. And in terms of differentiation, clearly there's going to be differentiation through the flavors, through the product itself, through the packaging. But also I think it builds on a tremendous strength. I mean Topo Chico is still growing fantastically across the U.S. and is the leading sparkling water brand in places like Texas. So I think that the brand itself is an established iconic interesting brand for the consumers that are interested in Hard Seltzer. So I think it's everything there indicates that it should be a great opportunity, we just need to bring it to life.
James Quincey: Yeah. So the brands themselves are distributed across the categories probably slightly more in the hydration space than any of the other -- of sparkling coffee and tea or juice dairy and plant. But the brands are distributed across all the different categories. They tend to be much more local in terms of brands. And so two things are going to happen. One, there's going to be some brands we're going to retire. But there are some brands where the better answer is to transition it into one of the regional brands. So it might be we have a strong regional juice brand and then there's a local brand in one market and we're going to transition it into the regional brand because it's going to be much more efficient and effective to leverage the marketing and the innovation but from that regional brand rather than repeating everything into the local brand. So the -- we're talking mainly about the very tail and a much more local brand tail but brands that are spread across multiple categories. Clearly our objective is to convert the shelf space from these brands into ones that we own. Some of that has already effectively happened because of COVID. In the Q2 in particular in order to preserve the effectiveness of the supply chain, we already stopped making a set of SKUs including some of the brands and captured that shelf space for our main brands. Other places where it's a transition from a local brand to a regional or a global brand clearly we'll be managing that with the customers so we would not expect to lose shelf space. I think in simple terms of the revenue model, the benefits -- I would think about it is the benefits we're going to get from freeing up that shelf space and freeing up the process and innovation time of those brands should be made up by -- at least made up by existing global or regional brands. And I would not -- I certainly am not starting to think that this is a headwind to results in the next six to 12 months I would just assume that we're going to make it all up with the portfolio we have.
James Quincey: Yeah on Coke, I mean, look firstly, while we have been judicious in our use of marketing spend in Q2 particularly but also in Q3 we have continued to market including marketing strongly behind the Coke brand. So we have continued to market. Clearly that's also been linked by great work with the bottlers on some revenue growth management, particularly affordability plays in some parts of the world, adjusting the portfolio, the packaging portfolio given the skew to at-home channels in many other parts of the world, good local execution. So there is continued focus and investment behind Coke. And I think that's clearly paying dividends as we've gone from Q2 to Q3. So as you pointed out in Q3 Coke is growing. Coke is gaining share. And that is also being powered by an ongoing focus on Coke Zero Sugar where that grew high single digits in the third quarter in terms of volume. So we are clearly continuing to invest behind Coke among many of the other brands. And we see the brand responding and doing well and believe as we increase investment into the fourth quarter and into 2021, that Coke will continue to be a motor of growth.
James Quincey: Yes, sure. Yes. Obviously, it was pleasing in the third quarter to see the price/mix from North America. Firstly, that was -- got a big component being driven by our focus on some of the premium offerings, whether that be Simply or fairlife which -- and some of the finished goods businesses we own. So, obviously, there's a sort of -- there's good news, because we're driving premium categories or subcategories, but also recognize that some of that is finished goods products that we are selling. And that offset some of the pressures we feel in fountain channels and in other away-from-home channels. So it's good news. I'm not sure that we'll always do 4%, but it's being driven in part by this mix effect of the different finished goods versus non-finished goods and fountain business.
James Quincey: Yes. It was a little difficult to hear you there Laurent, but I think you're asking a question about the U.S. fountain business and how it's doing. I mean, clearly, it's a big part of the operation. It's about 30% of the volume in the U.S. and it's a very important package format or channel intersection. Clearly, it's been heavily affected by the COVID crisis. And within that QSRs have clearly been at the better end, whereas things related to transport and amusement have been -- continue to be at the more impacted end. But we very much manage the business not just to do the best for each and every one of the customers that use the fountain equipment, but as one of the packaging formats that brings our brands to life. So the brand strategies are holistic and look across the different packaging formats and different channel formats and we continue to think that that business will be a prosperous business with a good road to recovery. 
James Quincey: Thank you, operator. So in conclusion, we think during the third quarter we began to see some encouraging signs of recovery from the global lockdown. We also made progress in transforming our organizational structure to better position the Coca-Cola system to pursue our Beverages for Life strategy. These steps will enable us to scale a portfolio of drinks that will help us emerge stronger and win in this ever-changing marketplace. So as always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you. 
