Gary Fayard: Yes. Bryan thanks and let me say back and go through all of those. So, let me start at the top, when you’re the industry leader you have to believe in rational pricing and believe we should get pricing for our brands because our brands are worth it and we would expect to have positive price mix this year to go with the volume that we’ll have this year. When you look at commodity, it’s fairly benign from what we’re saying for 2014 so not a big deal. But now the currency among the worst we’ve seen in years and there is not a whole lot you can do about it when all the emerging market currencies kind of melt down as they did earlier at the end of December or early January. But with that said, let me be very clear, ours is a growth business, is a business model that is built on growth and we know that we cannot save our way to prosperity. We will have productivity but that productivity will be reinvested for growth and while we are reinvesting for growth in our marketing, we have our goals are also in addition while we’re increasing the marketing we will also have a goal and is a goal up for this year up hitting our long term growth model this year. So we’re going to significantly increase our marketing but at the same time the goal is we will hit long term growth model this year.
Gary Fayard: John its Gary, thanks for the question. First as Muhtar said in the prepared remarks, it's too early to tell what’s going to happen in Mexico. We have planned around Mexico of what we believe is the most likely day. But we have a portfolio of brands that are marketed and sold across 200 countries and our job is to manage that portfolio. So unless something unforeseen should happen, I think the answer has to be yes, it includes what could happen to Mexico, if that changes, we’ll update you obviously, but we’re going -- what we believe would happen today.
Gary Fayard: Judy its Gary, let me take the first part of that question. On the fourth quarter profit -- operating profit decline, it was down 12% I think in the fourth quarter. And by the way I know the answer to this one specifically, because I asked the same question some time back, and got into my new detail on it. And 100% of that change is because of -- it's an all in OpEx or primarily all in OpEx and it’s what we’re cycling from 2012, there were some incentive compensation, accrual reversals in the fourth quarter of 2012 that did not happen in 2013 and that cycling caused a significant change in OpEx swing year-on-year in the fourth quarter only and it’s what swung North America to that 12% operating income loss. So I think it’s much more reasonable to actually look at North America, look at it for the full year and you will get a better picture of actual performance versus the fourth quarter. When you look at the full year then you will see -- that is where we’ve got some challenges as Muhtar said around volume and particularly in sparkling around diets and lights but that’s what we are specifically on.
Muhtar Kent: And just add to Gary’s answer and to the second part of your question John, I’ll just tell you very simply that the Coca-Cola way is to grow our way to success and we invest for growth together with our [bumping] partners and we have great -- the greatest system in the world and we have had tremendous amount of experience to say that a good marketing, good selling works for our business and it will work for our business. We have numerous cases to prove that and we’re going to continue to build on our marketing in both quantity and quality. This is a global increase in marketing and in every country that we operate in large or small, we know it works and when we invest in marketing, our global partners invest and feed on the street, in more coolers in more trucks, and more line and that’s what we see happening and that’s what we will see we believe happening to our business as we restore steady momentum in through 2014 and beyond.
Muhtar Kent: Just let me add to in terms of the outlook and that is that as I said we are confident about and excited about first our performance algorithm worldwide but also in terms of steady improvement as we get back up to speed in the United States. And I think that that will -- when we start restoring the momentum in the United States which we believe is going to happen, well that will also bring the results in the -- financial results that we will be happier with as we move into 2014 and beyond. It’s going to take a while, this is not a fix -- an immediate fix but we know that it’s going to be a steady improvement.
Muhtar Kent: Can’t give you the specifics on the geographic mix Judy, but as we announced it’s about $1 billion by 2016 and it is a global number. And again there will be a good distribution and we will be again also looking and tracking through franchise leadership, resulting also system increase and investments in all the key markets.
Muhtar Kent: Look, nothing different than before, so no change. I think we're obviously very excited with the new opportunities for consumption as will be brought to us by the partnership with Green Mountain over time. I think the key is to feel the power of partnerships. The Coca-Cola Company and System is an incredible integration of power of partnerships in every respect and therefore this is yet another one. And so think about if you look at household consumptions in particularly, Western markets, there is a tremendous opportunity to gain incremental consumption occasions for our brand through these kind of partnerships and this is what the Green Mountain partnership is all about.  When you look at how beverages are consumed at home and when you look at trends in the next 10 years, people are going to spend more time at home. They are going to work more from home. Home is going to be an even more important place for people for consumers and I think we need to present there with different technologies, different packaging, different ways to serve our brands and that’s why this is important and partnerships like these are going to be important for us over time going forward. And so, our thinking has not really evolved or changed in terms of bolt-on acquisitions, if we see opportunities, we will get them like InneSense like [Ocean] and so forth. And we will continue to seek new power of partnerships, to leverage new power of partnerships also going into the remaining part of our 2020 vision for the next six years.
Muhtar Kent: First, Ali I disagree with you. I think we have a great portfolio brand, we have a great system, the best consumer product system in the world and I believe that our programs will work and had worked. We have significantly outperformed and grown since 2012 and yes we’ve had speed bump and certainly that makes us even more focused and more resolute to continue on our road to 2020. And I think that we have -- I will share at CAGNY on Friday the real reasons why we believe in our future and so that’s all I would say.
Muhtar Kent: I understand and I understand it’s easy for people to have very short memories but we have the experience and we know what we are doing and we will continue to do what we believe and we are focused and we will execute the best and we will achieve our 2020 vision, that’s what this is all about. So that’s what I would say and we have talked about pricing, you’ve heard all colleagues also talked about pricing and I think we don’t want to repeat ourselves.
