John Murphy: Thanks, Steve. Just a few comments. First of all, you're correct in that the outlook, as we go into 2020, it's an easier picture to paint given what I just described in the call. Secondly, I think it's important to emphasize that our overall growth algorithm continues to start with an objective to win locally in all of our markets around the world and to take the appropriate actions to be able to do that on a sustained basis. I think, at the moment, we are also doing, I think, a much more integrated job in determining with our local operating leaders the degree to which we can also manage the various headwinds and leverage, the tailwinds that we have on an ongoing basis and particularly with respect to currency.  As we think about next year, there's a lot of puts and takes still in the equation on both the operating and the nonoperating line, which we'll obviously provide more detailed guidance when we get to February. But I think the overall point I'd make is that with respect to managing this space as we go forward, it's important to keep in mind our primary focus is to deliver on that algorithm I just talked about, but we're doing it, I think, in a much more connected fashion around the world and taking advantage where it's possible of levers that allow us to mitigate some of the -- some of those headwinds.
John Murphy: Sure. Thanks, Lauren. Yes, let me start just to emphasize year-to-date, the strong cash flow is driven by underlying growth. We're cycling some taxes that we paid in the prior year. We're getting the benefit from the -- from working capital and from the -- a lowering of our onetime restructuring payments. In the fourth quarter, we expect to see the -- our capital expenditures finish the year in line with our previous guidance, actually just a little bit lower. I think we started at $2.4 billion. We're down to $2.2 billion. And the timing of a number of the projects we have is actually scheduled for the fourth quarter. So there's really no major change in our expectation for this year and going to next year with respect to CapEx. But as I've discussed in some previous conversations, the improvement in overall free cash flow remains a top priority for us, and we expect to continue to work on the initiatives that I've just outlined as we go forward.
John Murphy: Yes. Thanks, Dara. First of all, I think the primary driver for this year is the underlying performance of the business. And so we're seeing an uptick in overall -- the overall delivery from operations. Yes, we have a plan underway, which is delivering on working capital. We're not -- I don't see -- I don't have any new news to talk about the working capital arena, but we just continue to plug away at the opportunities that we know are out there.  And with respect to CapEx, as I just mentioned in my -- in the previous question, we see, for this year or next year, the range to be in the -- in that $2.2 billion, $2.4 billion taking into account of the fact that we have taken back into the full South Africa and the Philippines in the last 12 to 18 months. So going forward, I expect to see the continued health of the business in the primary driver. And we will continue to advance on the working capital plan, as I've previously discussed. And also as we go into next year, we will see a further tapering off of the onetime restructuring and productivity cost that we've incurred as part of the productivity program over the last three years.
John Murphy: Thanks, Bonnie. Let me take that. First of all, as I said, when we look at the total company, we're really looking at margins across the 3 business segments that we have, our geographic core businesses, Global Ventures and the Bottling Investments Group. Within each of those businesses, we -- we've got pretty clear line of sight on the levers that we have at our disposal. Starting with the top line -- if I take for example in our -- in the core business, starting on our top line, innovation and increasing focus on premiumizing the innovation agenda, continuing to take advantage of the revenue growth management works that's -- that we -- that's been in its current iteration and expanding that around the world are examples of ways in which we can drive at the -- certainty at the gross margin line. Cost management across each of these three groups, there's a different bucket of cost in each and there's ongoing -- we see ongoing opportunity to operate more efficiently and more effectively. And specifically within the marketing arena, we have a large $5 billion, $6 billion base. We continue to mind new ways of driving greater output from that investment base.  So overall, we -- we're confident that margin expansion, as is implicit in our long-term growth model, is manageable. Our performance year-to-date -- underlying performance year-to-date would -- gives me confidence that, that can continue. And as we work towards the February call and talk more about 2020, we'll be in a position to give you a little more texture on some of the specific areas of opportunity in the coming 12 months.
James Quincey: Sure. I mean absolutely, it's being driven by a strategic focus on immediate consumption packages and smaller packages, in particular. Lots of different shapes and sizes, no pun intended. Example, the U.S., the mini cans growing at 15%, so some clear strategic focus on driving immediate consumption and smaller packages. Transactions have been running ahead of average unit cases for a number of quarters there. It's running about 4% compared to about 2% on volume. So clearly, this is encouraging and something that we're after. And so it's heartening to see that the transactions coming in perhaps to simply put a point ahead all of unit cases.
James Quincey: Maybe I'll start with the first half of the two questions. Free cash flow, look, we've been pretty clear as we've gone around, which is we have a dividend coverage, which is not where we wanted to be. We set ourselves a target of expanding that, but also made a clear point that it would clearly be our intent to see the dividend continue to grow. So we would like to see EPS track for multiple periods ahead of the dividend growth and obviously have the cash flow grow faster than the earnings. From where we are now, that -- we need some runway to get to a more comfortable point. So of course, when we come to our guidance for 2020 next year, we'll be clear on what we're doing, but I don't think we are likely to have a programmatic increase until there's substantially more flexibility.
James Quincey: Yes. Sure. I mean cost, we've talked a little bit about it in the last call. The integration -- or the separation from Whitbread and the integration in the Coke system has gone well ahead of schedule. We bought the associates over. The business is also up. That's been accomplished successfully. It will be fair to say that in the short term, the U.K. business has been impacted by the consumer sentiment driven by Brexit in the U.K., which has affected everyone, the entire business outlook in the U.K. But I think, over the long term, we're actually more encouraged about the opportunities to drive the various platforms.  And we certainly see a lot of interest, and we're setting up the partnerships with the bottlers and working with customers on how we can bring a package of coffee platforms to support that growth, whether it be the Costa Express machine, which is -- continues to have a lot of extra placements coming through this year. And we see a lot more as we go into the future, all providing Proud to Serve or beans and machines as a service to customers and, then at some point, ready to drink, which is not going to likely be the first entry point. We'd like to see the brand exist before doing ready-to-drink. But we launched it in the U.K. and early days, but sales are ahead of expectations. It's doing very well in the context of the coffee strategy. So we see some good validation of the strategic idea of using the different platforms with our system to drive coffee as a solution for customers around the world.
James Quincey: Thanks, Andrea. So Coke Energy, obviously, we've launched it in sort of 20-plus countries around the world so far in 2019. And I think we've got some excellent learnings. It's resonated -- some things have resonated in some places. We've got some learnings on things we need to improve. We've been able to build that into the -- a sort of 2.0 version that we'll be rolling out in the U.S. I think the U.S. marketplace, in order to really drive towards a strategy that brings new consumers into the energy category, we're moving the flavor profile closer to Coke. Plans -- we'll save some of the bells and whistles of the plans for a later date, so that a very clear approach in the U.S. to drive additional growth for the energy category by taking the product closer in flavor to Coca-Cola Classic. And then in the rest of the world where we have launched it in some of those markets, we'll be building on the learnings to date and evolving next year. And we see an opportunity to play a role for Coke Energy in the energy category and within the Coke franchise to bring some new consumers and some new relevance to the trademark.
James Quincey: I think it's largely the economic cycle, especially in the case of Latin America. I mean there's no doubt that there's been a difference in the last 10 years than the previous 10 years where, prior to financial crisis, there was more creation in the middle ground. And over the last 10 years, there's been a section of society in -- all around the world that have felt under pressure, the lower income end. And more of the wealth has been generated at the top -- while income has been generated at the top. So you've seen, in the last 10 years, in general, across many industries a bifurcation growth in both the top end of the luxury end and growth in the value end. And so yes, there is a piece here, in general, of a spreading out of the pricing spectrum in categories based on that trend. But I think, in the case of Latin America and Mexico that we've talked about, this is very much the kind of the pressure that some of these economies have been under lately and a doubling down on affordability. And the reason we've been out there is because we have an infrastructure that's very much a set up to be able to serve the needs of those with less income.
James Quincey: Sure. I mean I think, firstly, clearly, part of this is a revitalization of the sparkling business. It's clear that the strategy of making Coke the brand relevant with marketing, with innovation, of getting it in formats that are more on target for consumers, whether that be the Zero Sugar or the smaller packages is part of getting growth to be in the sparkling soft drinks category. And I think you can see that and as a demonstration of what is going on with Coke. So I mean in a way, it's a formula that's always been true and is true around the world. You need innovation, you need marketing, you need relevance, you need packaging, you need execution and you need to be able to engage. And I think what you're starting to see is, yes, some reconsideration of the category by whatever age you want to take it down to, let's call it loosely, the millennials of the sparkling category. Has it flip-flopped overnight? No, it hasn't, but I think you're starting to see that if you bring relevantly marketed innovation for the right occasion to people, then they will engage.
James Quincey: Well, I mean, if it mercifully all comes to an end, then yes, I do think our sentiment will improve, maybe not overnight, but over time and, hopefully, going into 2020. I think it's not as mechanistic of if they pass the vote, the stock drops out and if they don't pass the vote, the stock doesn't drop out. We'll need to see what happens tomorrow. I mean call us on Monday. We'll see what happens tomorrow with the super vote. But we would clearly like to err to seeing inventories normalize. So our preferred path would be to see normalization of the inventory by the end of the year. Clearly, we need to see what form the agreement does or doesn't take in the coming days. But as you should take it from us that our preferred outcome is unwinding of that extra inventory, but it's no -- there's no guarantee because we need to manage through it.
James Quincey: Sure. I mean I think the two most obvious learnings, one I mentioned that I'll just repeat, which is to bring the formula of Coke Energy closer to Coke Classic. The energy category in the U.S. is much more developed than many of the other markets. And therefore, we are clearly taking an approach of trying to bring new consumers into the category rather than competing for the current ones. And we believe that based on our experiences in the launch markets and our research in the U.S. that doing so with a formula closer to Coke will be more effective.  On the pricing, clearly, the structure of the pricing and the relative weights of competitors at price points in the U.S. is different to Europe. And therefore, we've chosen to go in that -- in a slightly different direction or slightly more balanced starting point with a broader portfolio of SKUs. Obviously, we're looking for shelf visibility by having the full packages of the 4 variants. And that's kind of part of what, of course, is a learning from Coke Energy, but actually that's true in many other categories, that you need to have some standout especially if the shelf has a lot of SKUs in it already. I mean if you go to some of the markets where we launched around the world and the energy category is underdeveloped, 1 or 2 SKUs is enough to make an impact. But if you're in a more developed part of the world and there's more competitive offering, then you need a bit more presence. And I think that's what's driving that. And we'll launch in the U.S. And no doubt, we'll learn and we'll continue to evolve and focus on driving this as part of driving the Coke Trademark and the revitalization of the Coke Trademark, which has been very pleasing for all of us.
James Quincey: Sure. I mean, firstly, yes, on a long-term basis, our business is correlated with GDP growth. So in the long run, that matters. Secondly, as I commented in the last quarter, there are some storm clouds in the sky. It -- have raining in a few places, but it's not -- there's not a total problem here. And I think the approach we're taking is to not overinvest our time looking in the news as to whether that is or isn't a global recession, but to focus on what we can do and to recognize that a lot of work has revitalized our top line. And our emerging bottom line has been up in the actions we've taken. And as we look around the world, whilst we can certainly find places where we do things really well, we are not a 10 out of 10 on any of the strategic initiatives all over the world. So we have a lot more we can do over our marketing and portfolio management, on innovation, on revenue growth management, on investment in the media consumption and calls and on execution. And so the way we look at it is, look, you could waste your time looking at the forecast, but actually, if we stick to our needing and execute against that strategy, we can drive the growth we need.
James Quincey: So let me start with that one. Yes. So firstly, should Global Ventures and BIG be going faster than the average? Yes. Clearly, part of the idea of the Global Ventures is we've invested in categories that we are treating slightly differently in order to drive much better growth. So one, yes, they should be growing faster.  Two, when looking at Global Ventures, and we might try and kind of explain more when we get to the February guidance, it's got a mix of some very different businesses, whether that be the Dogadan tea business or Innocent or the Monster partnership or Costa. So I don't think you can talk about a normalized margin for Global Ventures because it encompasses a set of different businesses. But what we certainly should see is faster growth on the top and the bottom line.  And in the case of BIG, clearly, we had a lot of ins and outs on that group. But I think if you like, philosophically, historically, we have, perhaps in using the expression hospital ward for some of our bottlers, invited the idea that they should be -- or that they're going to be underperforming. And I don't think that's how we want to look at that going forward. We think they should be making margin returns and growth rates that are equivalent to what the best of our bottlers do in like markets. I mean the margin structures in emerging markets and developed ones are not the same, but we should certainly be aspiring and heading towards performance that is above average for a like-for-like market.
James Quincey: Sure. So clearly, price/mix is atypically higher. It is -- there's a little bit of Argentina in that. But actually, there's a quite a bit about cycling some of the inventory that was in Brazil from last year. So I think it's much more sensibly thought of as a 4% rather than a 6%. Still a excellent number for the quarter. And I think if you look back over what's been happening in '18 and '19, you're seeing more of a 3%. Obviously, it was a number we expected to come in. And so I think the revenue growth management initiatives, which have been rolled out and still have some good runway ahead of them, along with the brand building and innovation, which earns us the right to be able to put the right pricing into the marketplace, is what makes us think we can take that forward.
James Quincey: Sure. I mean we don't break out the percentage of the total business that mini cans is representing. But certainly, we are focused on driving that. Along with a series of other immediate consumption packages and smaller format packages, I think the mini cans being the most emblematic one, it grew 15% this quarter. So we're very pleased with this opportunity. We don't kind of, as a target to pursue, I said, well, it should be this percent of sales because, ultimately, if you're going to be consumer-centric, you will end up with the percentage that the consumers want to buy rather than what you want to sell. And so I think, philosophically, we focus most on making our brands or our packages or whatever bundle we're selling drive on the relevancy for the consumer. And if that's -- if we've got it right it, it will go up. And if we haven't, we have to go back to the drawing board. It is worth noting that mini cans do require some CapEx. And so, yes, the more successful they are, the more we'll have to adjust some of the manufacturing footprint to do it, but that's a good problem to have.
James Quincey: So thanks very much, everyone. To conclude and summarize, our performance, again, gives us confidence that our strategies are taking hold within the organization and across the system. And we remain focused on delivering our near-term and long-term goals. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you.
