Muhtar Kent: Well firstly, I don't think you can say that there's a market deterioration. I think the whole year has been one of mixed consumer sentiment across the world in general, Bill. But what I'd like to say is that still I believe that the challenging areas are going to be certainly the Western markets, primarily I believe the U.S. environment as well as the European environment -- Western European environment is still going to be challenging, as challenging as the past 9 months and into the full year, this year probably. And in that environment, we're delivering positive results because our strategies are working, because of our past investments and how we execute against our vision, strength of our brands. We're gaining market share and I think when you look at our broad-based investment programs that we have announced, multiyear investment programs that we have announced whether they're in the Pacific in places like Malaysia, Philippines, China, Vietnam or whether they're in Eurasia and Africa, like India and Pakistan and Africa and the recent Russian investment that I announced when I was there 2 weeks ago in operating a plant in Rostov in the southern part of Russia with our Hellenic bottling partners or whether investments, multi-year investments in Mexico, Brazil, these total over $25 billion and you have these investments that are working for us despite the challenging environment, despite the confused consumer and despite the fact that the general environment is certainly much worse than ideal. However, I think that there will still be areas of growth in the world that we are going to materially benefit from in Africa, where our system is very strong, in Asia and Middle East and Eurasia where our system is very strong and in Latin America. And we will continue to re-architect our brand-priced pack channel offering both here and the United States as well as across the world just like we did in China, just like we did across many other parts of the world to ensure that we can still crack that code for growth on a sustainable basis. And we believe that we can continue to deliver growth in line with our long-term strategies. And yes, there may be a bump along the way in a quarter sometimes. But over the longer period and over the medium and longer period we believe, despite the economic conditions in the world that are much less than ideal, we believe we can continue to crack that algorithm for growth as we move forward.
Muhtar Kent: Well I think we have -- volume in the quarter was slightly positive as I said rounding to even despite very unseasonably cold and rainy summer selling season and also the moderating consumer confidence. But I think we realized nonalcoholic ready-to-drink volume and value share gains across the whole of Europe, France -- including France, Germany, Great Britain. We also grew sparkling volume and value share and maintained still volume share for the overall group -- the European group. And again reported net revenue for the quarter and I think that was a performance that we were pleased with, given the conditions in Europe. And over Central and Southern Europe, volume declined. And I think the Eastern Central European area was still challenging and South East Europe, particularly also in Italy and Greece. But I believe overall, the portfolio worked for us like it did in the previous quarters in this year, and I believe that's what's going to continue to work for us as we move into the fourth quarter and the final quarter of this year as well as into next year. Brands are stronger than ever before. We're gaining market share and we have many innovations that are working for us in both packaging as well as in the still beverage portfolio area. And our marketing is working for us and next year we've got European championships, which is a Coca-Cola property as you know and we're going to leverage that in a very significant manner. And of course the Olympics and those 2 properties are going to be very strong for us.
Muhtar Kent: And Judy, just one other point on a more global basis. You heard in my comments about how immediate consumption is such a big focus of ours around the world and how we're gaining traction. I think that has also helped us realize mix to our benefit and our bottlers particularly around the world as also where commodities have also been a challenge in many parts of the world. So that's worked in our favor also in the first 9 months of this year as we have had that very major focus on immediate consumption drive.
Muhtar Kent: Well, I think it's a -- I mean, certainly the philosophy of execution is something that is coming into our North American business rapidly. I hope you were able to see first hand some of that when you were in Houston. But just go anywhere and you'll see differences. You'll see -- your eyes will pick up differences across the country. The philosophy, the belief in the business, the belief in the ability that where we can grow this business, that these per capitas are nowhere near to the ceiling and the belief that the inspiration is resonating, the marketing combined with execution will resonate and translate into a growth algorithm. It starts with that and I think there's great learnings not just from Latin America execution and family-owned bottling business or even larger bottling businesses in Latin America, but across many parts of the world whether it's in European Coca-Cola Hellenic territories, whether it's in Turkey and CCI territories, whether it's in some other territories in South Europe, Iberian Peninsula. There's that philosophy of execution that was lost to many to a great deal that extends to the United Stated and that's coming back. It's coming back rapidly and I think that's what gives us excitement about the future of our business here. Now in terms of your question related to Latin America per se and yes, we're very happy with our performance in Latin America both this past quarter as well as on a year-to-date basis. And again, it's a great portfolio of countries. You've seen Brazil slow down a little bit, naturally because we were cycling a very high number from prior year at 13%. But I think also at the same time, other countries are coming back to generate a very healthy result overall in our Latin American business. And I've also said this before and I want to reiterate, we're just starting with our Still Beverage business in Latin America. It's just the beginning of the journey and it's still at very low per caps and very low beginnings and there's a great future. As we continue to maintain the momentum in our Sparkling Beverage business in Latin America, the Still Beverage business, that growth is just going to come on top of that and that's what I think what we're building rapidly in Latin America both in our juice and juice drinks business, but also in our teas and Leaos, and other such still beverages.
Muhtar Kent: Well firstly, I think if you look at what we've been able to achieve here in our U.S. market, it's been growing since the second quarter of 2010. And it's really important to underscore that point that we are growing. So we have no reason to put our hands up, as you suggest. We totally, respectfully disagree that that's very far from where our mind is about the United States. And there's a number of reasons why we believe that. First, the demographics in North America are in our favor. They're the best demographics of any Western nation in the world. We're going to be adding between now and then of our vision term, 30 million people to the population of the United States. It'll have the third highest teen population. Everyone that has bet against the United States in the past have lost and I respectfully believe, very much so, that we'll get it right also from a macro perspective here. For the diversity of our population, the entrepreneurial spirit, the amount of university graduates that we attract from all around the world, the best. And so we have every reason to believe that this business -- that if we can't grow, it's our fault. Simple as that. And we won't accept that. And therefore, we are growing and we will continue to grow. We never said they we're going to grow at rates of China or India. We said that we'll generate moderate growth rates in America and that we will continue to improve our business and generate higher revenue than our volume and generate higher income than our revenue. So volume, moderate volume, better than the volume revenues and better than revenue income. That's our model, and we believe that, that model will work.
Muhtar Kent: Sparkling, firstly, brand Coke was even in North America in the last quarter. That I think is a huge achievement from where we were. Coke Zero continues to have double-digit growth. That's a huge benefit that we have and a great point of leverage. And our brands are stronger than ever before, metrics for our brands. And we believe that we can continue to accelerate both sparkling as well as still beverages. And POWERADE as you know, as you've heard is continuing to do very well. Our other still beverages are doing very well. So we believe that -- and we have the best brand metrics coming out of our still and sparkling beverage portfolio as a result of not just the investments we've made but also as a result of the execution.
Muhtar Kent: Well I'll let Gary also comment on the FX, but let me just say that we weren't dependent on it. No, you can't depend on FX. Depending on FX to support your brands is like taking off in a plane with the fuel gauge on. You can't do that. So you've got to make absolutely sure that you have a sustainable base that you can depend on to fuel your brands. And our transformation program, which is ahead of schedule and the last year that we've generated north of $500 million of savings. We've obviously channeled some of that into our brands to continue to fuel our brands. We have also -- are very ahead of our target of schedule in our North American integration and so the volatility of currency is something that changes faster than -- the rate of change of currencies is something that we haven't seen for a long time, and you cannot depend on that for ensuring that you have enough fuel for your brands. So we have other means to ensure that we have -- that we can continue to support our brands. And by the way, the cash position of our bottlers is better than ever before. And we continue to upgrade and increase and enhance our long-term investment programs that we've announced across the world. I was in China recently again where we announced a new investment program and actually when you -- when we concluded the 3-year investment program, we ended up spending more than we originally estimated in China for the 3 years gone back, the last 3 years. And that's because of our bottlers' belief in the future of the business. And that's happening across the world, so we have -- our bottlers financial and balance sheets are better than we've seen them for a long, long time. That fuels more investment in both plant equipment, machinery, cold drink and infrastructure and we are certainly reallocating money from our P&L into brand building in a very successful and meaningful and sustainable way.
Muhtar Kent: Well, we've consistently met or exceeded our long-term growth targets, Mark. And I think that basically, and you need to understand that we also strive for our 2020 Vision targets which is doubling our system revenue by 2020 from a base of 2010. And coupled with those, as I said before -- as I mentioned before, we will continue to strive to ensure that we meet or exceed our long-term growth targets in every quarter as we operate through this difficult environment. And as I said also that there may be bumps, one or 2 bumps along the way and that's what we said also in the past. But over time and over the medium- and long-term, we have every reason to believe that we can continue to achieve our long-term growth targets and also meet our 2020 Vision targets.
Muhtar Kent: Well, they've had an impact. Mobility has gone down, more people are moving towards in-house entertainment. But we saw those trends and we invested against those to ensure that we would actually continue to drive our immediate consumption business, whether it is on the streets of Italy or whether it's on the streets of Shanghai or in Africa. And so what does that entail? That entails more cold drink equipment, targeted cold drink equipment. That included a new architecture of packaging and pricing that would make it more attractive for on-the-go consumers to find packages that were affordable for them, and we did that in China and successfully in parts of Asia successfully, in many parts of Eurasia as we did here in America. And I think it's worked and you heard me just announce also that we'll be launching even more new on-the-go packages here in the United States. So this strategy of investment ahead of the curve in infrastructure, particularly in cold drink infrastructure, coupled with the intelligent progressive packaging moves, have helped us in this area and will continue to help us. And then lay on top of that also some innovative moves like the expansion of Freestyle across -- and Freestyle is now in 2 markets around the world as we speak, in the United States and Japan, and continuing to create a lot of excitement. And then also overlay on top of that other innovations like the PlantBottle and I LOHAS in Japan, driving results for us in the immediate consumption of convenience store channel. And so you get the picture, I hope.
Muhtar Kent: Well, there wasn't a big differentiation to the extent that you mentioned. But there was a small differentiation and I would attribute that to the very cold weather, particularly in -- ready-to-drink teas and sports drinks do get impacted more so by the climatic conditions, and they were very severe compared to the year before. But I would look at the year-to-date and that in the year-to-date, there's absolutely no anomaly in that. So I wouldn't put too much into that.
Muhtar Kent: Thanks Gary and Jackson. In closing, let me just reiterate that along with our bottling partners around the world, we're successfully advancing our global momentum during a time of ongoing global market volatility. Our system is financially strong. We continue to generate cash. We continue to invest for growth and pay a healthy dividend as well as retain financial flexibility. And while we are delivering quality results today, we also remain clearly focused on driving long-term sustainable growth in order to realize our 2020 Vision. Thanks for joining us this morning.
Gary P. Fayard: Yes, Judy. Relative to the $100 million increase, it's really kind of across the board. A lot of PET, corn versus where we've been buying corn and although -- this is kind of, how do I answer this -- because we had some hedge positions and we're buying some more now at higher prices even though prices have come off a little bit. So the $100 million, by the way, was not a big surprise to us. Over the last couple of months, we saw it coming. And relative to 2012, really we'll go through all of that in February on the year-end call, on everything around 2012. Because I think one of the important things is to put everything in perspective. Number one was the volatility, I'm not sure I can give you a prediction on 2012 and it really mean anything. But the other, and I said a little bit about it in the prepared remarks, what we're seeing is not a direct correlation but a lot of correlation between currencies and commodities. And so every time you see a big spike in the strength of the dollar, you see commodities come off strongly and vice versa. So we're starting to see a natural hedge in offsets in the portfolio of currencies and commodities and we're looking at those together, and then looking at how we hedge them for the best results. So we'll go through that in February.
Gary P. Fayard: I think for this year, yes. But we've done a couple of things: We got very good pricing into the market in North America and we knew kind of what the commodities were going to be. We've done very well with mix as well, and so that's helped us. And we've done very well with accelerating the capture of synergies as well. And then those synergies are ongoing every year also. So we've done a good job. In fact, what I said on pricing in North America, we pointed out that pricing was plus 2 in North America, but plus 3 on Sparkling. And in fact, we're cycling -- this is a good news, bad news thing, so let me kind of go through it so you understand it. What we got is very good positive mix, particularly around packaging and you saw a lot of packaging initiatives in Houston. We've also got a negative mix in North America related to the DASANI. And this is actually good news, but at first blush you would think well negative, negative price mix on DASANI. What it is really where the PlantBottle has come through, with our customers really identifying it with it and our consumers and DASANI being relisted in quite a few national retailers. So it's really been a huge positive for us even though it put a little pressure on the price mix in the quarter. So it's a real positive.
Gary P. Fayard: Mark, this is Gary. Just a couple of comments on currency. Number one, what I was telling you was really just kind of based on where rates are today and our current hedge positions, et cetera, for the fourth quarter. I have probably 3 to 5 different scenarios of what could happen next year, both on currencies and on commodities. Number one, I would tell you that fundamentally, we believe that -- on the fundamentals, the dollar is actually probably over [Audio Gap] value, and would give us a benefit. I'm not projecting that right now because of the crisis going on in Europe and if they could just get their communications consistent, it'd probably help some of the volatility over there. But the dollar's overvalued, but it's overvalued because of fear right now in the financial markets. So with that said, long-term I think we probably benefit. Short-term, it probably hurts us a little bit. But also said, I think we're seeing offsets across commodities as well. So we'll just have to kind of wait and see how it goes. But the important thing to remember, I think, is that we run our business across the world in local currency. Their local currency, their local businesses and they generate local currencies and run them in local currency. And we do that because we are running this business for the long-term and not what happens in an FX market today or tomorrow.
Gary P. Fayard: John, we're still actually looking at that and have not made a decision whether we'll term out anymore of the debt or not at this point in time. What we're looking at on the interest income, interest expense by the way, is really just a translation impact of the exchange rates of how much the interest income translates into in dollars and that's the only impact we have actually hedged quite a bit of, economically, in terms of actual cash itself, to protect the dollar amount of the cash, if you will. But it does translate into fewer dollars of interest income. But on the terming of our commercial paper, we're still looking at it and we'll let you know as we go forward on that.
Gary P. Fayard: No, we're actually hedging in some other currencies. It hasn't changed and let me explain that. When we're looking at like a year or 2 years out or that kind of thing, it's basically hedged in the hard currencies, euros, sterling, et cetera, because to try to hedge a lot of emerging market currencies is just prohibitively expensive. However when you get into 3, 4, 5 months kind of out, you can actually then start putting hedges in place to lock in. So we do, on a shorter-term basis, actually hedge a lot of the other currencies as well.
Gary P. Fayard: Yes. What I can do is I'll try to give you an update on that in February when we do the year-end call. And just to put some context around that, let me give you an example. If you look at the GAAP, non-GAAP schedules that we have that were released this morning with our earnings release, you'll see that where we take -- we have some hedges, commodity hedges, that are economic hedges but are not accounting hedges. And we put them in there and actually take the impact gain or loss out. If you look this quarter, there's actually $113 million of hedge losses, which means we've committed to buy some commodities, if you will, which -- at a price which on the last day of the quarter was more expensive than spot. As of today versus 2 weeks ago, half of that $113 million is gone and were actually just swung back the other way and that's what the volatility is doing today. So I think that's why we're saying we'll wait February. We'll give you a good, hopefully better outlook. Because as I said in one of the previous comments, we've got probably 5 different scenarios of what could happen on currencies and commodities going, and all of them pretty much going in different directions. So we'll give you a much better look then, because today I just can't do it.
