Gary Fayard: A couple of different things; one is what we're cycling, but more importantly, it is a combination of a couple of things. One is that obviously we are getting significant growth from our emerging markets, and when those markets which are lower margin grow faster, you are going to get some negative pressure from geographic mix. At the same time, our pricing mix was actually positive in the quarter. But the other impact that is totally timing and giving me a lot of confidence of where we'll come back even for the full year is that as I look at the different markets around the world and I look at the timing of gallon shipments of concentrate, well, while gallons and cases were pretty much in line for the quarter, within certain high margin countries, Japan, the U.S., South Africa for example, the gallons were behind cases. This is a quarter where normally the bottlers would be stocking up getting ready for the summer season. Those are natural timings; those will reverse, and so that gives me a lot of confidence that as we look at the price mix, it's going to come back we think even for the full year.
Gary Fayard: I think no question that Japan remains a very challenging environment from a macroeconomic point of view, but also from a demographic point of view. Also, we have a tremendous business in Japan, tremendous partners in Japan, and we are, as you know busy trying to leverage the scale in Japan and trying to put together productivity measures in Japan that we can then refocus on further investments in our brands. So I expect Japan to be remain challenged, but I think we see some improvements in the at-work market in Japan, in the vending channel in Japan, compared to lets say 8, 9, 10 months ago. We are gaining share in Japan, typically in the very critical ready-to-drink coffee segment category. Sparkling beverages are very healthy in Japan. Coca-Cola Zero continues to do really well. Also, some new product introductions also continue to do very well. It's a very complex market. Coca-Cola Zero, as I said was up at about 24%. But you can look at Japan in the following mindset; Japan will remain challenged, but we expect that there will be some sequential improvements going forward.
Gary Fayard: Well, again, we're spending right of what we had budgeted to spend. It's really how it's being recorded and what we're cycling versus the prior year. So we're having marketing increases in spending across all the geographies around the world. The largest increases obviously would have been in Vancouver with the Olympics, but particularly the summer with FIFA World Cup, but that's in the spread as well across here.
Gary Fayard: And on the accounting changes, Kaumil, that's why I mentioned that we're going to put details out by quarter and for the year out on the website later this week. And what we realize is some people when they had modeled it, didn't get it exactly right. So it is 3% impact in the quarter of consolidated revenues, but then there is a net of company elimination. So it's actually 2% net of the eliminations, 2% percent on operating income and 0% at pre-tax income or net income. So you come back to exactly the same place. But it was about $115 million reduction in net revenue in the quarter from the deconsolidation of those bottles.
Gary Fayard: John, we excluded it from both years, but it's very small and did not impact the volume growth rate of North America at all. On a full year basis, it's less than 1% of North America.
Gary Fayard: Well, I think I can't give you any more details, but I can tell you the following that certainly Southeast Europe was not as strong as some of those markets that we referenced. Spain continues to be challenged, for example.
Gary Fayard: I'd say a couple of things; in Latin America, we got very strong price mix of ten points, and that's both in pricing mix and geographic mix. So everything was positive in Latin America. I don't know if that will continue at that kind of pace. I don't think anyone would expect you could continue that forever. But Latin America is doing extremely well across all the metrics, and particularly as we've seen Mexico coming back some, we would expect to see very positive results we have in Latin America through remainder of this year.  Eurasia and Africa, there was a negative 5 plus price mix there. It is primarily driven by geographic mix of higher growth in Northern Africa for example, lower sales in South Africa. But as I mentioned, the concentrate sales are behind cases in South Africa, which is what's driving that. I would expect that to reverse in the remainder of the year, and so a lot of that will start coming back.
Muhtar Kent: Hello, Kaumil. Let me just talk in reference to productivity, and then I'll pass on to Gary about the first part of your question. On productivity, I think we're seeing the benefits of not just these past few months of work, but also the work that we've put into place over the last 24, even 30 months. And this is obviously very long term, but also very important and effective project. And I'd say that we are on target with realizing our goals through 2010, but also putting into place all the necessary work that will ensure that we realize also our goals in 2011. And as you know, the target is $500 million by 2011.
Muhtar Kent: Thanks, Christine. You're right in pointing that out, and I think that we're also pleased with that. And that is the testimony to not only, again, work that's been done in this past quarter, but the work that we've been doing in our brands strengthening our brands, particularly sparkling brands, the investments that are going into sparkling brands for the last year-and-a-half. And again, our brand metrics for our sparkling brands are healthier than we've seen them in many, many years. Coca-Cola Zero, again, had a very, very strong quarter in the United States. And again, still tremendous room to grow in the United States going forward. So I think packaging is working. Our 99-cent single-serve is working. The contourization, as is now, in more than 50% of the country and getting tremendous distribution coverage is working very well. So all those programs that we'd put into place last year and even at the end of 2008 are beginning to bear fruit. So that's why we see an improving landscape in the sparkling category in the United States and all brands in that category. As far as still beverages are concerned, I think sports Powerade, again, cycling a very strong prior-year quarter, a double digits growth from last year, grew this year, which was very pleasing. We, I think, gained volume and value share in the juice and juice drinks category as expansion of Simply Orange in both packaging and cold channel led to another quarter of double-digit growth, which was very pleasing. And again, we also made the strategic decision to exit the lower-margin retail spring water segment of the water category. And accordingly, we've eliminated the retail spring and customer brand water volume from our reported results for 2010 as well as 2009. And I can reiterate that this change did not impact either the company's or our North America's reported volume results this quarter. And again, I think vitaminwater, we're very excited with the changes we've made. New product innovation of vitaminwater Zero as well as packaging, as well as the advertising. And we expect to deliver stronger results through the balance of the year with, again, that strong brand. Our energy brand NOS continued to grow very effectively in the quarter as well as also our Smartwater. So I think overall, those are the sort of important points that I'd like to make about our North American business that you asked Christine.
Muhtar Kent: I'll say that I think all the hard work that our (BIG) group is doing in the Philippines is beginning to pay dividends, and I'm pleased, although not excited because I think there is still room for improvement.
Muhtar Kent: We have certainly had good results in our value share in North America in sparkling and I'm pleased with that. It's too early to say whether the category is beginning to improve. All I can tell you is that our Food Service business, our fountain business, which is a great litmus test for consumer sentiment, we saw some improvement in the latter half of the quarter. But again, as I referenced to Christine's question, it's really important to understand that these packaging changes, and also our Open Happiness campaign, our branding, our connection with the Olympics property in the quarter, all of that played very well into our brands. Again, our brands are getting healthier; our packaging as I said is working; 50% coverage in the entire United States on our contourization for two liter. The pricing of two liter, again, versus the single serves are in a much better place than it was back 18 months ago. All of that is beginning to show. The logic of all of that is beginning to pay dividends.
Muhtar Kent: U.K. was slightly down. But I think really important to understand is about Germany. What is happening in Germany, it's got nothing to do with this past quarter or this past year. Germany was not a market that needed to be fixed; Germany, as you know, it took us years to try to ensure that we could put the right structure in Germany. We closed the deal finally in 2006, and we've been busy putting ourselves to work to get Germany right. So it's really important to understand that this is not a program that suddenly came into being last quarter or last year. We've been working on getting Germany right. Is Germany right? I'd say probably more than certainly 50% right, and I am confident that looking into the future, Germany is going to start yielding some good dividends as we move towards franchising Germany in the period that we've announced.  But thinking along the same lines as what we are doing in the United States, these are long term programs that we commit ourselves to fixing major markets. Germany was a big one internationally, and now we see that it's on the way to repair and it's going to be finding the right home.
Muhtar Kent: Well, because we excluded it from both years. But Gary can give you some more details on that. The answer is, we excluded it from both years.
Muhtar Kent: John, I think it's more related also to the channel in Japan, and the channel was under tremendous pressure this time last year and remained under tremendous pressure for all of 2009. And as I mentioned in an earlier comment, we see beginnings of some light there in the very critical vending channel. And I think that is much more critical to the revenue and to the NSR than the different product categories. Also CBS, I think we're beginning to see some really good positive developments in the CBS channel as well. But I think, vending, which is a really critical channel, is beginning to show some improved lights.
Muhtar Kent: Again, the portfolio is working very well in the company. I just want to reiterate, as I get into the Mexico details, because in our quarter where Mexico was down and a quarter where China grew mid-single digits, we achieved a strong, I may add, organic 3%-plus growth in our global volume. And I think that's a testimony to how well we're doing all across the world and our brands are doing all across the world. And our investment programs are paying off all across the world. So that's point number one. Number two, on Mexico, very, very seasonable weather, and I think essentially we have seen improved results, positive rates of growth in the latter part of the quarter. And I think that leads me to believe that we will put back to trends in Mexico.
Muhtar Kent: Lauren, I think, I see at it this way. Russia always goes deeper and comes back quicker and with more rigor. So therefore, that's what's we're going to see I believe in Russia. And you'll see a more market return of the Russian consumers back to their normal habit, I believe, in the coming year or so. And I think that the return to normalcy in Eastern Europe is going to take a little longer, although Eastern Europe didn't go down as far as Russia. So I think those are the comments. I think Russia, already after, as you said, a very difficult consumer environment in 2009 where we saw double digit declines for the whole PPG sector, is beginning to show again positive developments where we're almost even in the quarter in Russia, minus-1. And we importantly grew trademark Coca-Cola double digits in Russia, which as I said was pleasing for me. So as we go into the summer, and Russia again is a very seasonal-dependent market, I believe that we will see sequential improvement in both the sentiments of the consumer in Russia, the spending of the consumer in Russia and also our business.
Muhtar Kent: Well, Caroline, first, I think as far as North America is concerned, in terms of our value share in the quarter in sparkling, we lost a little bit of value share in the full quarter as we looked into our volume share in North America. Again, we had slight losses in sparkling and also in still. And I think that is again a result of our discipline in pricing in the United States and what we saw is a bigger loss of share in the beginning of the quarter and some of that share gains were coming back in the latter part of the quarter to result in slightly down share in both volume and value, and in both still and sparkling.
Muhtar Kent: As I said, it was the difference between the first half of the quarter and the second half. Volume share decline was mainly due to very aggressive competitive pricing in the beginning of the quarter, bundling and so forth, as well as pricing. But I think CCNA and CCE continue to focus on building consumer and customer value through strong brands, and we see tremendous value from being disciplined in our pricing between our future consumption and our immediate consumption channels. I think therefore that we anticipate also that the industry will return definitely to rational pricing through the balance of the year, and we've seen some of that also certainly in the latter half of the quarter.
Muhtar Kent: Well, first, Caroline, I think China still continues to remain the most important growth market for the company, and I think through the end of 2009 as you saw, we held double digits in China. It's been 26 consecutive quarters since 2003 till the end of 2009, and during that time, '03 to '09, our base grew threefold, almost to 1.8 billion cases or over 400 billion servings per annum. Having said that, we all know that China remains a complex, rapidly changing market. But I can reiterate one thing; our brands, our investment, our innovation platforms remain very healthy, and I would state that we would be disappointed if we would not continue to achieve double digit growth on an annual basis in China going forward. If you view our business in China over the past six months, our volume averaged at 16% growth over the last six months. Very consistent with same prior year period, and this is very similar to what you would have seen also if you compared quarter four of '08 versus quarter one of '09.
Muhtar Kent: Thank you, Gary and Jackson. In closing, the actions taken this quarter as well as our management team's continued performance track record gives us confidence in our company today in our path to 2020. We will continue to generate strong cash flow, and redeploy that cash to both growing our business and rewarding our shareholders. We are investing alongside our system, and leveraging our global franchise network to win consistently and sustainably around the world. At the same time, we're committed to delivering consistent value to our share owners through regular dividend payments and share repurchase programs. We will execute flawlessly on our 2020 vision by working closely with our global bottling partners, our employees, our customers, and all our key stakeholders.  As I said, we see tremendous opportunity ahead for the Coca-Cola Company in all our markets, and remain intently focused on partnering across our system to execute our strategic priorities and generate long term sustainable growth. And most of all, we thank you for your interest in investment in our company.    There is no greater responsibility than earning your trust and confidence. So rest assured, we're working tirelessly to keep our commitments and grow the value of your investment in our company. Thank you for joining us this morning.
