Muhtar Kent: First, our volume in China grew 6% and importantly, we gained volume and value share in the total nonalcoholic ready-to-drink beverages and it is important to I think remember that our 6% growth was off from a volume base that is more than two times the size of our global competitor, therefore widening our lead in terms of total unit cases, actual unit cases sold in China. And during the quarter again, and China is a complex market. We have a great portfolio in China. We grew our still beverages up by 30% gaining again volume and value share. And in sparkling beverages, we saw a sequential volume improvement through the quarter and I think also in June, sparkling value share gains as well as in the quarter.  So I expect to see continued sequential improvement in China. I think as I said China has had some very extraordinary weather in the first quarter, as well as some part in the strong markets on the East Coast in the second quarter. We clearly expect China to be a strong growth market for the company. I want to remind everyone of 26 quarters of, consecutive quarters of double digit growth that we’ve had in China, a strong growth market, I think we all believe that China will be a strong growth market for the company for the next decade as well as beyond. And I can tell you that we will continue to do what is right for the business in China by investing for the long term and also leading the industry in building strong brands across our entire portfolio, especially in sparkling beverages.  And again, I just want to reiterate that we are investing $2 billion. We’re in year two of that $2 billion investment. I was in China a couple of months ago at the opening of the Shanghai Expo. I’m going to be back again for the opening of our new plant in Inner Mongolia or in China, bring our total number of plants very close to 40. We have a wonderful template above in terms of production as well as in terms of go-to-market, and I am confident that China as I said will continue to be a significant growth market for the company in the decades to come.
Muhtar Kent: Well firstly, I want to just reiterate, Kaumil, that I am very very pleased with the fact that we are, we have generated a quarter of growth in our flagship market. We have been talking about all the programs in terms of brand price pack channel architecture that is beginning to yield. We have the scale now and the yield result. I talked about in the call about the success of the contour tool is a bottle of the portion control packaging of the new immediate consumption, both 14 and 16 ounce packages. I think, our brands are getting stronger in the United States, a significant strength in our brands are up, and therefore, I think we’re seeing all of those culminate into results.  And it is particularly pleasing this that we are entering into our transaction that we intend to close in quarter four from a point of view of strength. That is really critically important that I want to reiterate. We delivered a solid quarter of volume, profit and share growth while staying again absolutely focused on our long term strategies. That is the key and we remain confident that we do have the right strategies for our flagship market, working closer than ever before, and our strategic focus remains consistent on continuing to build healthy brands, healthy customer relationships and healthy systems. And I think that we have all those and although they are getting stronger and therefore as I said, we’re confident that the actions we’re taking, have been taking in the last two years and taking today will only strengthen our future in North America, and that we are best positioned to capture the greatest value here in this market. 
Muhtar Kent: I think the simple way to look at it just to finish off just the question Kaumil is that if you walk across into our North America operations or into any of our bottling partners operations in North America today, you will see a completely different belief in our sparkling brands and the belief that they will grow compared to three years ago. And I think that says it all. That is the belief that our people have at every level that they can generate growth out of this market because of the wonderful demographics that the strength of the brands, the spending power and also the consumption habits. And that there will be bumps along the road and of course, the consumer is still confused in the United States. There is still confusion out there in terms of the consumer spent levels, but we are moving on along the right path, that’s the key message here.
Muhtar Kent: First, Japan remains a very challenging environment. Everyone knows that. Our performance in this quarter was in line with our performance in Q1 and a sequential improvement of the last two quarters of 2009. Our business in Japan had also unfavorable weather in that part of the world that also hit the east coast of China. But overall, I think we are executing the right strategies and plans. We saw a sequential improvement in our business in the quarter that just passed, but we remained cautious because we expect the economic headwinds in Japan to continue in near term as well as throughout 2010. As far as the vending channel is concerned, yes, there has been, I think, we have seen the dip and there has been some improvement because its again, factories that basically close down during a period of time in the very depth of the recession are back albeit not working as on all shift that they used to but certainly, the export business coming back trademark Georgia is positive in vending, I mentioned that. I think we see some really good, still a great green shoots in trademark Coca-Cola and I mentioned about also innovation in packaging is helping us in Japan, but I think across all consumer goods industries in Japan, the outlook remains as we need to remain cautious but we are absolutely implementing the right strategies to ensure that our business is actually more healthy in Japan and also we can as the economy picks up that we will be ones that actually benefit the most in coming years. And we also, I have to say also that we are working absolutely diligently on the structural matters in Japan that will also aid our investment programs going forward.
Muhtar Kent: Yes. That what’s I’m talking about, the [Canto] bottlers, I’m talking about continuing to work with Coca-Cola, West Japan and ensuring that we do have the lowest cost production as well as route-to-market.
Muhtar Kent: Look, I think I’ve said this before Europe is like a tail of two cities. You’ve got the East that is still challenged, very challenged, central and the East Europe is very challenged although Russia is beginning to show signs, the sun is beginning to comes through the clouds in Russia and Ukraine, which is really I think we look forward to seeing how that will progress, but certainly, I think the Western Europe, the economies, the consumer is better positioned, less confused and has a better outlook than the consumer in East and Central Europe and particularly also South Europe like Greece particularly as well as the former countries and the Former Yugoslavia as well as Italy.  So, that is the tale of two cities. So the South and the East being much more challenged from a consumer sentiment point of view than the west. And I think we saw some, again, improvement in trends in our business in Iberia, in France, the trademark Coca-Cola was very healthy in all of Western Europe, in the Benelux in England, generating growth in France of course and also in Iberia. So we were very encouraged with that and we had very very robust FIFA World Cup activation coming on with very integrated customer programs, as well as consumer programs related to the FIFA World Cup which our business also benefitted from.
Muhtar Kent: Yeah. I don’t want to comment any further on the UK for obvious better reasons right now. But I think that as I said to you, we were encouraged with the Coca-Cola trademark being up and also we successfully re-launched Diet Coke as well and that I think generated some strength for the trademark.
Muhtar Kent: I’ll let Gary answer that question in detail, but I mean, it is a question of mix that you said it’s basically mix. We have the same mix, a similar mix in quarter one and I think I’ll let Gary give you more granularity on that, John.
Muhtar Kent: Wendy, we don’t break the food service up, but I do want to say that the Freestyle is something that we are excited about. I often go to visit myself restaurants and customer partners that operates the Freestyle machine and I think that basically currently, we have said that we are pilot testing in restaurants, right here in Atlanta, Dallas, Southern California. We have plans for Orlando and Chicago to come in.  And again, we expect that there’d be probably around couple of thousand machines in the market by the year-end and the big innovation that we have, we see great consumer acceptance, excitement and we see customer excitement with the Freestyle and we believe that this will benefit our business in addition to everything else we are doing with our brands in North America. This will benefit our business going forward. It is again, want to stress that it is a long term play and we will see benefits of this in the decade, in the years to come and the next decade in our vision period.
Muhtar Kent: Firstly, I think there is a tremendous vertical play here. So, inside the existing customer base, you need to understand that this will give us vertical volume gains. There is higher transactions and higher volume. Additionally, we believe that again, this will be an opportunity to even also gain horizontal expansion.
Muhtar Kent: It wasn’t very high margin business to start with and we have been diligently working to ensure that we can keep those margins as we grapple with the macroeconomic challenges, but I think I’ll let also Gary talk about the marketing spend levels that you asked about.
Muhtar Kent: Well, my 30 plus years of experience with, at that time with the Soviet Union and then, later in the last 20 years with Russia has always been that it is very volatile, it goes into a deep economic issue consumers, sentiment issues very quickly and it comes out very quickly. And I think we are seeing, I see what’s happening in Russia pretty similar to what happened back in 1998, when it went into a deep crisis and then came out again towards, end of 1999. So obviously, the reasons are not the same but the way the consumer is reacting, the way the customers are reacting is very similar.  However, I want to stress that what we are doing with brand Coca-Cola, up 19% in Russia in the last quarter is definitely a result of the success of our own marketing initiatives than working very closely with our bottling partner Coca-Cola Hellenic.
Muhtar Kent: Based on my own personnel prior experience with Russia, I believe that we will continue to see growth in Russia coming, although again, there is a tremendous amount of volatility in Russia are names, two names that actually go together. 
Muhtar Kent: Thank you, Gary and Jackson. In closing, we had a very good second quarter, and are confident about our company today, and also where we are on our path to 2020. We continue to generate strong cash flow, remain committed to re-deploying that cash to both growing our business as well as rewarding our share owners. We are investing alongside our system to win around the globe. At the same time, we are committed to delivering consistent value to our share owners through regular dividend payment and share re-purchase programs.  We will drive a fast and seamless integration effort in North America, and bring increased value and profitability to this important critical region. We will execute flawlessly on our 2020 vision by working very closely with our bottlers, our employees and all our key stakeholders. We see a tremendous opportunity ahead for the Coca-Cola Company in all of our markets and geographies.  We remain intently focused on working across our system to execute our key strategic priorities and to generate long term sustainable growth. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Gary Fayard: I’d like to add one other thing that I think is really important as you look at the North American market. You heard us talking so much about the smaller packaging and recruitment. We are using that as a recruitment package over the last year or so and we’re starting to really see it pay off, while we had extremely strong growth in our still brands. But just to see sparkling come back and be even in the quarter is great, but focus on brand Coke, brand Coca-Cola in North America was positive in growth this year and is because of the initiatives we have been putting behind that flagship brand that’s going to really lead to success we think in North America.
Gary Fayard: Judy, it’s actually two early to tell because remember that the coverage we put on is an option strategy. So, if the Euro actually strengthened and it is been very volatile where we’ve seen it hit a high, several month high in the last few days, it’s hard to tell. So, I think it’s one of those, I’m going have to hold the answer until later this year we actually see where Euro really traits, but we are putting option, kind of coverage on so that we’ll protect against downsize, but if in fact the Euro should strengthen, then it could be a positive. I just don’t know yet. 
Gary Fayard: I’d say it is a couple of things and this is where if I just start on total company first and then drill down to the Pacific specifically, remember we’ve always said that we’re going to have a negative geographic price mix. And that’s a really good thing if you think about it and that it means that our emerging markets are growing much faster which is what we would want to happen, what you would want to happen than the more developed markets, and because of that, they just want to give us a negative geographic mix. That is accentuated in the Pacific where you’ve got significant emerging markets. And so you have got the Philippines up, strong double-digit, you’ve got Thailand up strong double-digit, you’ve got Indonesia up strong double-digits. And then at a time when Japan is down three and Australia is actually down two, and you put those together and you’ve got significant geographic negative mix that is more than offsetting pricing whereas for total company, we’re able to balance that out as what we always said from a total company, total global portfolio perspective. We should be able to balance that out longer term, make it actually positive.  But basically, as geographic mix in the Pacific, it over time will get smaller. If you remember that if you went back even five years ago, Japan was probably 20% of the total profit, it’s now in single digits. And because of that, it is getting smaller. Now, we were working diligently on Japan so and I really would love it to be bigger obviously. But the geographic mix is the big thing. But one other thing I had in Japan is kind of back to one of the previous questions as well. On two of the bottlers in the Canto area, we took management control a year to two years ago and they actually had a really good quarter and we are actually positive and it’s just giving I think all the bottlers in Japan something now to understand what’s actually possible with.  And so we’re using that in best practices to really show what’s possible in Japan and I think a longer time we have positive view on Japan.
Gary Fayard: John, I think that is very well put. Short term, not so much, but longer term definitely one of the real engines of growth.
Gary Fayard: What I say on marketing, remember, total company in fact, there because of what we are cycling in the prior year the way, we record marketing expenses, marketing will be up much more in the second half of the year than the first half, strictly as the way of how we reported and our, what we are cycling. That will be most exaggerated and emphasized actually in Europe, where there will be a significant increase in marketing expenses in the second half of this year.
