Muhtar Kent: Thanks Judy. Well again just to quickly go through the quarter, as you said, volume was up 3%, sparkling volume really importantly was up 2% and brand Coca-Cola up globally and in North America. Those are really three important points. Also another quarter of value market share gains. I think more than 25 consecutive -- 28 to be exact in the second quarter of gaining value share. You see us having a very -- with our system, very clear focus on priorities. We had our entire global bottling system get together with us a couple -- few months ago and again, there a recommitment to the focus on our priorities. Sequential improvement in a lot of large markets, particularly Europe, France, Germany, Great Britain, Italy, Spain and again good results, very strong results out of Eurasia and Africa, improving in Nigeria, South Africa, Turkey; improvements again if you take Asia Pacific again very strong quarter in China as well as in India. Double-digit growth in India, Thailand, saw again -- so if you take all of those margins that are improving, gross margins has improved in the quarter compared to the prior year. Clear path on North America franchising, strong belief that what we are doing is working in our system is really important. Good bottler alignment, yes, there are a couple few exceptions, but there always have been and will be and more work to be done. So on the purchase, we operate in a very volatile global environment, both politically and economically. China slowing down is impacting many commodity exporting countries and from Africa to Latin America, but overall, what we're doing is working more marketing through productivity gains, better marketing. We mentioned Share a Coke program in over 80 markets. Tremendous leverage on our World Cup program in more than 170 markets with probably the biggest activation that we've ever had and all these -- all this will not generally have an impact on the quarter that you spend in. It comes in after with better incidence, better brand loyalty, better purchase intent that we're all seeing and what is happening in North America in terms of spot -- in price mix also, you can see that we have a very disciplined approach, both in the United States and globally where we've been able to achieve a 2% price mix on a global basis and yes, there was an Easter shift, but at the same time, our gallon shipments were below our unit case volume for the quarter. So that -- if you say that that would sort of neutralize the benefit that we may have got from Easter, I think overall, we feel pretty confident with again the caveat that we need to do a lot more work -- continue to do a lot more work, more focus, better execution, but the five priorities are working and early shoots, green shoots, and we expect that the balance of the year as I mentioned in my script that we should be able to fall within the corridor of the long term growth targets and again there may be issues along the way, bumps along the way, but the most important thing is that we're resolutely focused on continuing to build momentum here.
Muhtar Kent: Yes, one thing -- the only thing I would add here also Judy is that I think there is -- we see a path forward to being able to build more romance with the brand through smaller packages and that's really an important element in what is also being discussed.
Muhtar Kent: Just to add I think yes, you are right in saying that Latin America has slowed down to where it traditionally has been and we've seen this kind of cyclical slowdowns in Latin America and as some parts will get better, I think starting with towards the end of the year. We also see some other volatility -- continued volatility in like Argentina and other markets, but overall I think we from also what we're cycling as well we expect Latin America -- major markets in Latin America to have some sequential improvement in the second half of this year. And then overall longer term we feel very confident about also what is lying ahead in Latin America.
Muhtar Kent: Just to add to that Bryan, if you look at the second quarter compared to the first quarter, marketing is substantially higher in the second quarter than it is in the first quarter and particularly towards the back end of the second quarter, substantially higher. So that explains and some of the things again what Kathy was saying, but also our productivity is on target for -- it has been on target for the first half of the year and will be on target for the second half.
Muhtar Kent: Michael, its Muhtar here and I'll Ahmet to provide additional commentary, but think of Brazil as having a very tough macro environment in the first half, so if you look at the entire consumer disposable and non-disposable consumer durable, consumer goods sectors, we're under tremendous duress in the first half of the year, particularly leading up to the -- particularly it's more so even in the second quarter. So think of it this way. Had it not been, the result would have been perhaps not what it was -- it would have been had we knocked on all that activity. So from that perspective I think we see brand as getting stronger, incidence and purchase intent getting stronger in Brazil as a result of all the activity and I think that should benefit us going forward in Brazil. So certainly the macro environment in Brazil as you can read, as we can all see, has been very challenging and so given that backdrop, I think our results were content with where we are and we believe that what we've done will benefit us in the second half and going forward. In terms of Mexico, I think both times prices were adjusted. They include a certain portion for also inflation, so take it as that, but again, I'll ask Ahmet to provide any further commentary for both Brazil and Mexico.
Muhtar Kent: I think success for us is certainly continuing our value share gains. You can -- obviously you can't -- only value share gains without volume is not sustainable over the long term, but we have a very disciplined approach just like in North America also for our international business related to more smaller packs. So benefitting the mix will benefit us, but also very importantly it's critical for us to achieve price mix on a global scale. Different geographies will again play differently into the picture, such disparate pricing per case depending on which geography we're talking about. So geographic mix is an important piece of this as is package mix and as is rate.
Muhtar Kent: I'll just say that once again smaller size packs contributed significantly to say brand Coca-Cola volume and revenue growth in Q2 and year-to-date as a matter of fact. So if you take over 60% of the growth in brand Coca-Cola in Q2 was driven by double-digit in our mini can and 16 ounce immediate consumption packages, I think that is -- that is how I would like to leave you with. That is what I would like to leave you with as an opportunity.
Muhtar Kent: Ali, I'll take the last first. The strategy is driven by what consumers want and that is not just phenomenal for the United States, but smaller packages are a key focus. So that helps the mix. That helps the revenue. That helps also the price mix. Then again couple that with a very disciplined approach towards also having the right balance between value and volume share gains. And so it's really important. In terms of concentration of volume growth, I think the important thing is for you to focus on the improvements from quarter to quarter. If we take key geographies like Europe, France had an improvement, Germany had an improvement, Great Britain had a significant improvement, Italy had a significant improvement, Spain had a significant improvement, Europe overall had a huge improvement when you look at total and just again this is pure simply from volume and then if you look at our pricing and other thing you will get also a similar picture. So I think focus on the sequential improvements, focus on us delivering on our focused priorities and so what I see there is that we will strive and diligently strive to continue with sequential improvement, building momentum as we go forward and I also mentioned as an answer to a previous question that I thought Latin America we would see some also some sequential improvement.
Muhtar Kent: Well, we announced significant cost cuts over the last four, five years, different programs and as I mentioned earlier again we're on target with our productivity and that productivity is being reinvested to drive growth.
Muhtar Kent: Bill, I think in the U.K. most of that loss was in Q1. If you look at Q2, we've had sequential improvement in the U.K. and we expect that going forward in both Mexico and in Brazil that more minor losses to brands and local players will reverse themselves in the course of the year and we always see that happening in both markets. So I think that was the difficult operating environment in Brazil in terms of also us having discipline in our pricing and the same goes for also Mexico.
Muhtar Kent: Yes, I think two things, spending increased as we moved through the quarter. So there was much more spending in let's say the end of the quarter than there was in the beginning of the quarter and therefore you would expect that not all that benefit is going to flow obviously into the quarter and this is again about generating long term sustainable momentum, which we believe is happening. Again I want to remind everyone that I am pleased with these results in a difficult operating environment and to get growth back into sparkling is a significant achievement to get growth back into Coca-Cola and the world globally and in the United States is a significant achievement and we will continue to focus on where we need to be quarter after quarter, one quarter at a time. I just want to say that I believe our approach is working.
Muhtar Kent: Yes Kevin obviously I can't walk you through our wish list. That would be too much information to the whole market and everyone that plays in the market, but I would say our portfolio is really very rich as you saw from -- as we know from our $17 billion brands and so many more in the pipeline and again our sparkling brands that really performed well on a global basis, Sprit and Fanta and Schweppes in addition to Coca-Cola. So all of that tells me that what we're doing in different brands and creating more incidents, more transactions is working and you heard the numbers that I mentioned in tea, both in the U.S. and globally in premium waters, in juice and juice drinks, in sports drinks all of that we're pleased with a much richer portfolio than we had say three years ago and that portfolio is again yielding very good results, particularly also simply in the juice category, simply [Innocent] (ph) all those different brands that are across the world yielding very good results and again both also in China too and Southeast Asia with new innovations that are really working well for us in both the fusion of dairy and juice as well as pulpy drinks and also juice and juice drinks. And Kathy, yes.
Muhtar Kent: Okay. Thank you, Kathy, Ahmet, Sandy, Irial and Jackson. Our performance year-to-date progressed against each of our strategic priorities and the positive signs that we're seeing in many global markets all illustrate our view that the 20-20 vision and strategic plans are solid proof points are out there, 3% growth in the quarter, global price mix of 2%, increased global media spending reflecting our confidence and building on the strength of our brand and also in our ability to engage our consumers and customers effectively and global year-to-date value share growth in our categories and so we're winning in the vibrant beverage industry and also coupled with sound financial performance during the first half of the year. So we're making steady progress and we're where we are expected to be at this stage in the year. I look forward to providing you with all of you with additional updates as we continue to restore our global momentum in the months ahead. Thank you for your time this morning and your continued interest and trust in the Coca-Cola company.
Kathy Waller: Sure. Hi John. Thanks for the question. So Venezuela impact, yes. That is a $0.02 drag on comparable EPS as well as reported EPS. So as you look at Venezuela, you take it in two pieces. The currency impact as well as the impact of the provision. The provision is less Boulevard denominated revenue. It can't move because of capped margins and it has gone straight to the bottom line and then the FX is -- the impact is because as well we don't have as much Boulevard denominated revenue and income. So you could split those two pieces and yes, it is comparable as well as, as reported.
Kathy Waller: So, I would split them -- the question is two and actually Ahmet, help me answer with it, but the margins in Latin America are impacted this quarter by the Venezuela provision and then when you look at ongoing volume growth and contribution to the company, I'll let Ahmet…
Kathy Waller: Okay. Hi Bryan. Thanks for your question. So our outlook for leverage on a currency neutral basis remains flat to slightly positive and we've said -- when you think about gross margins, so gross margins have improved for the second quarter and year-to-date and I think when we look at -- I guess when we look at our margins for the back half of the year, we have we delivered sound financial results and we anticipate that we will continue to deliver sound financial results for the quarter -- for the back half of the year. So we do anticipate that margins will continue to be -- will continue in the same way that they’ve been in the first half of the year.
Kathy Waller: Yes, we can say we invest behind our brands and we -- so yes, that is part of the leverage story, but that's causing like in North America some negative -- slight negative leverage and North America because we are spending behind our brand. So we are getting pricing and we are committed to rational pricing. So we're getting pricing, which is helping us with the margins -- the gross margins, but we are continuing to invest behind our brands.
Kathy Waller: On the second part of your question, I believe the company has always been very focused on driving long term sustainable growth and we've done that in a very consistent and disciplined way and we've clearly focused on reinvesting in the business and to accelerate growth and create value. So I believe we -- obviously we focus on making sure we have share repurchase and we do give a healthy dividend back, but we will continue basically what we've been doing focusing on driving long-term growth.
Ahmet Bozer: John hey, just couple of points. Rest of Latin America the margin and the growth and profitability overall is in a good direction. No important issues there. Also keep in mind that we've been able to realize positive price mix and high margin in places like Europe. We've been able to grow in Japan. So we are able to balance across the international territory to have positive price mix and margins.
Ahmet Bozer: Thanks Muhtar. On Brazil, the only thing I would add Michael is that we have a pricing packaging architecture which allows us to have different tax, both for immediate and future consumption at different price points and we are executing those with great discipline and that in fact is helping us navigate this challenging external environment and we expect that to continue bear fruit in the third and fourth quarter along with the strong marketing programs we have. With respect to Mexico, the only other thing I would add is that we do have a not just passing the tax and the inflation, but a consumer-driven pricing approach, which has been very carefully calculated and the elasticity that we have calculated in reality are happening better than that we've expected. So in another words our Mexican business is showing more resilience in this area.
Ahmet Bozer: I'll talk about a couple of levers and then ask Irial to join me, but the growth in profitability in North America, the major opportunities exist in pricing and the overall effectiveness and efficiency in the system. We talked about price as a lever and a area of discipline and focus and price is achieved through rate as you know and also mix and a whole lot of innovation is going on inside of packaging to give consumers what they want and to earn a return as a result of that. Couple that with our overall system architecture work which Muhtar described earlier, which is on track as we overhaul IT product supply, as we overhaul customer management and shared services and the refranchising progress, which is on track with our bottlers, we'll create a system that is on one hand more effective and grows faster and on another level is more efficient generating better margins. But at the end of the day, that combination needs to be built on accelerating growth and a focus of the near term has been to reinvest the proceeds into marketing to rebuild brand momentum and brand momentum at price point and we're optimistic about the progress, but we have a whole lot more work to do.
