Muhtar Kent: Hi, John, good morning. This is Muhtar. First, I think, its important to realize that there is not one model for the world. There is many different models for the world. As you can see, what's happening. This has been an exciting last several months with respect to the evolution, actually continuous evolution of our franchise system. We manage our business to create sustainable long-term value and evolution of our franchise system continues to play an absolutely critical role in that process. So what you have seen recently, the Contal merger in Japan, the Brazil merger of three bottling partners creating a large Brazilian led bottling business, the Iberian merger of seven bottling partners in Iberia, the sale of the Philippines, of the majority shares of the Philippines and the control to FEMSA, and now the U.S. the process, the journey starting in the United States are all part of our vision, our plan and to ensure that we can continue to deliver on the commitments we made for our vision. In some cases they use, partially, our capital. In some cases whether the sale of, obviously, we bring capital back into the Coca-Cola Company, but all the time ensuring that our bottling business is fully suited with the needs of 21st century delivering what is necessary ahead of consumer expectations, customer expectations and so not one-size-fits-all. And in the case of the United States, again, we are pleased to report today that we have reached agreement in principle to start this journey. All along since the first day we've closed the transaction of the Coca-Cola Refreshments, I have always said there will be a meaningful role to invite partners back into the business. When we were asked about the timing, we've always said around the four-to-five year timeframe from the time we've closed - the close of Coca-Cola Refreshments was you will recall back in the latter part of 2010, and we are well within that timeline and it's a continuous evolution and sometimes it will necessitate for us to use our own capital, sometimes the mix and sometimes no capital and again not one-size-fits-all. The U.S. model is a very different, but it is again a model that invites partners to serve with us passionately, the communities that we operate in.
Muhtar Kent: Yes. I think we can't comment on the timing for the end game but all I can tell you is that we are intent on creating the evolution necessary for us to be able to serve both, our large customers and small independent customers in the best possible way with our bottling partners. Again, we have always said right from the beginning and we are consistent to that that the U.S. will be slightly different. We want to create the best-in-class production, optimum cost production system coast-to-coast from the east to the west. That will be nationally managed. We also want to create a national, we managed a larger customer, management system that will essentially have the responsibility to put together of 21st century customer plan with our large partners in the United States, or at the same time invite partners to come in and be part of this new evolution in the United States. It will take as long as it is necessary, and that is not our focus; it's going to be about doing the right thing as quickly as possible, as efficiently as possible and as effectively as possible and that's what we are going to be doing.
Muhtar Kent: This is Muhtar. We haven’t seen anything markedly different from previous quarters as far as the competitive environment is concerned. China remains a very competitive environment. Actually the whole world, and again this is a competitive environment that is the mix of large international companies but also very much local companies in Asia, in parts of Africa, in the Middle East. We also see a somewhat more rational pricing,-particularly, in Europe as well as other parts of the world, in Latin America too. So the way we see the environment is it will continue to be challenged from a consumer perspective. Whether you are talking about Asia coming back or whether you are talking about consumer sentiment in Europe will continue to be volatile and mixed at best, and therefore pricing is going to critical and therefore also ensuring leverage and ensuring productivity that can be generated out of operations for us to be able to continue to invest. It's going to be critical. But we are intent on continuing to invest in this environment. I will let Steve Cahillane talk a little bit about how we manage the pricing environment in the United States (inaudible) Price mix, 3%, in terms of a leverage in pricing for sparkling beverages in the past quarter.
Muhtar Kent: Hi, Bill. This is Muhtar. Good morning. I'd say to you that this is again, we are at the beginning of this journey. We have reached agreement in principle with these five U.S. bottling partners. It is very important that we did reach that agreement in principle and now we can actually ensure that we put all the details into motion and we can implement effectively. We have always said production in the United States is critical to our success in achieving a optimum cost 21st century production system nationally manage, coast-to-coast. That is going to take place. We've also said that managing large, 30 or so of our largest customers in the United States as going to be done nationally. That's also going to take place. In terms of who else would be coming in, can't comment on that in terms of what will happen and what form and architecture production is going to take place in terms of what our current bottlers own. I can't comment on that. All I can tell you and I can assure you that we are intent on ensuring that we make the necessary changes in the format and architecture production to achieve what I just said which is a coast-to-coast nationally run production system that generates the efficiencies, synergies, productivity that allow us to continue to win in the marketplace. And again, there may be a future where our partners in the United States take certain ownership in the national production. I wouldn't rule that out also, but it will be managed nationally from one point, single point.
Muhtar Kent: Yes, Caroline, I think first in terms of our capability in our system in the United States is, I would say, the best in the consumer products world in terms of how we go to market and how we can get the product from production facilities. So I wouldn't like to comment on how we can improve that. If there is a way for us to even improve and generate more productivity we will certainly look at it. I think the most important thing though is that there is room to generate significant further synergies in production. I think today I wouldn’t say that the United States production system after three years of having integrated Coca-Cola Refreshments, it is where we needed to be and we need to continue on that roadmap to proceed towards a modern and best-in-class optimum cost production system coast-to-coast. That will mean obviously a lot of changes, that will mean building new plants, that will mean combining some facilities, but I would like to also comment in terms of hot-fill and aseptic versus sparkling beverage plants, we will look at ensuring that we have the most modern, most productive facilities in place. I don't believe the answer is to combine all under one roof. I think the answer is to combine many that are scattered across the country both, in terms of still and sparkling separately into some consolidation process and I can't comment any further. What I can tell you is that there is room for cost to come down, there is room for efficiencies to increase and we will achieve all of those. This is all in line with our 2020 vision. We laid out a plan, when we took over the business of Coca-Cola Enterprises, we laid out a plan when I took over as the CEO back four and a half years ago and we are executing it meticulously and we are doing what we have said we would do and we are doing it ahead of time.
Muhtar Kent: Yes. And just to finally add on to that point, Caroline, the rest assured we are in an mode of evolution, rapid evolution, not just in the United Sates, across the whole world, and you will see us adapting, reinventing, how we go to market, how we serve customers and also how we communicate with consumers, very importantly. Our brands are at an all time high in terms of health and we will continue again to evolve and bring out the best modes of communications with our consumers as well.
Muhtar Kent: Yes, I think Mark, we can't comment on the detail. What we can say is that it will be a model that will align us fully with our bottling partners to do what is right in the marketplace and to focus on what is right in the marketplace, a full alignment model and I think I can't just comment any further than that but you will see us executing better, serving the customers better with a better production template, as well as a customer service template.
Muhtar Kent: I think all of that will come into play, best practices, everywhere around the world. I am certain that in four or five years' time, many people will come into the United States to see the best practices as it used to be back in the 1980s when I used to bring new bottlers from Eastern Europe to see best practices in the United States at that time.
Muhtar Kent: In closing, I would like to thank Gary, Ahmet, Steve, Irial and Jackson and to again say that we are pleased with our solid first quarter. We are working as a system to unlock real value, further strengthen execution and to win at the point-of-sale. We are confident that a relentless focus on growth will enable us to build capable, resilient optimized advantage and sustainable systems that are well-positioned to deliver results in 2013 and achieve our 2020 Vision. As always, we thank you for your interest and your investment in our company and for joining us this morning.
Gary Fayard: Yes, Bryan, thanks. There are a couple of things to consider. First is, as I mentioned previously in the prepared remarks, that we reversed some compensation accruals in the first quarter. So that gave you more leverage in the quarter but you will not see that that’s more of one-time impact, if you will. So its more leveraged in the quarter. The other significant piece is, the currencies had an impact as well and currencies are moderate going out. But the biggest thing will be geographic mix. We would expect to see geographic mix changing throughout the year as we go through the year. As that happens, it will have an impact on gross margin and operating leverage.
Gary Fayard: Yes, that’s exactly right. In fact, think about North America. Actually I would expect North America, actually, in the first quarter of this year, North America's operating income on a recurring comparable basis was down 3% and it is down 3% primarily because of two fewer selling days. So if you adjusted for those selling days it would have been positive. But I would expect North America to actually improve versus where they were, minus 3%, but as they improve because it's a finished products business, it is going to have a negative gross margin impact and there will be reduced leverage.
Gary Fayard: Judy, I would say a couple of things on profitability. Its really kind of repeating what Steve just said. If you take the first quarter and you throw in lousy weather, payroll tax, actually the price of gasoline, what then does to your immediate consumption versus future consumption business is going to have an impact on your profitability. Now, if I go back to the answer I gave to Brian earlier though, when I saw that geographic mix that is North America, I would expect North America to be improving actually from the first quarter and from where we were. Then North America also has this two fewer days. Now, I can tell you, Steve has got a number from minus 3%. I say it would have been positive. Steve has got a number but you can calculate it several different ways as to what would the impact of the two days be. We would all agree, I think, it is positive. They would have been positive as to operating income line. But you put all that together, the weather, by the way is as lousy as it has been and the impact on Steve's business has been given a lot of moisture to the Midwest for the drought for the corn crop. So they look for commodities and we will see what happens there. Payroll taxes, consumers hopefully are starting to get used to it. Gasoline prices, looks like they are starting to trend down somewhat. So I think there is some reason to be cautiously optimistic. CCR continues to execute with excellence and continue to improve capability. So I think the there are lots of reasons to be optimistic on North America.
Gary Fayard: Judy, I would actually say, the biggest impact on the first quarter North America was two less selling days by far, and the whole company as well. But by far, the biggest impact was the two selling days.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, Muhtar. We have seen a rational pricing environment in the United States over the course of a good period of time right now. We would expect that to continue. I have said many times that if commodities go down, don’t look for us to reinvest that in price. We have worked very hard to earn the price that we take in the marketplace. We don’t have an affordability problem in the United States with our sparkling beverages. We would love to continue to invest behind our brands. We have got a terrific summer program for the Coca-Cola brand. We have got an exciting new partnership with Taylor Swift around Diet Coke. We will invest around activating those types of programs that continue to focus on one of our most important objective which is to continue to support, development and drive our sparkling category inside the United States business.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Judy. First quarter clearly had a lot of a noise in it. We expected a benefit from Easter being in the first quarter. It's never as big a benefit when it comes that early in the year. Easter is always better when it comes later in April, because of the warmer weather, but obviously you referenced the weather. We saw some very dramatic changes. Last year, we benefited from one of the hottest winters, warmest winters in the United States, and we cycled that with one of the coldest winters in the United States. So, clearly, that had an effect and we saw any benefit from Easter really being washed away, if you like, by the poor weather. There was clearly an effect in the payroll tax. It's a little bit of art and science trying to pick apart what's weather and what's payroll tax. We would figure about two thirds is probably weather-related and one-third of the slowdown is based on the economy. We are go optimistic. Guardedly optimistic that the consumers are coming back. That the payroll tax and the economy is kind of a short-term need to get used to the discretionary impact that it has had. So we remain optimistic that we have got the right programs in place, that the economy is on the mend and we would expect continued good performance as we go out the next three quarters. In terms of question of profitability, I will turn it over to Gary.
Steve Cahillane: Judy, I can answer this part of your question. The secondary impact is clearly weather impacted food service and immediate consumption more than the take home channel. So we would expect as weather moderates, those profitable parts of our business will start to normalize as well. But as Gary said, two less selling days when you got the fixed cost assets that we have in the North American business is really quite significant. Those extra two days are golden cases that are going out and when you lose those two days, it obviously has a big impact.
Steve Cahillane: No. I agree completely and part of what we are doing with this new bottler arrangement focuses on that up and down the street where bottlers and CCR add the most value which is not only big customer sales, but up and down the street execution and we have got also our venturing and emerging brands unit which you are familiar with which brings brands like Zico coconut water. It brought Honest Tea. So, in that, those spaces that you are talking about we are very much innovating, we've got glaceau fruitwater which we just launched with great success a couple of weeks ago. That's being executed not only in the large stores, but importantly in the up and down the street foodservice, on-premise accounts as well, so we see that as a very important capability. We see ourselves as having a competitive advantage there when it comes to not just shelf space, but cold drink space and overall availability.
