Muhtar Kent: Sure. Thanks, Brian. First just at a very high level 10,000 feet, 2015 I think we expect the macro environment to even become a little more volatile versus 2013 and 2014. As the micro economic vagaries get worse in certain parts of the world, so rate of interest, currency certainly will add to volatility, growth gaps will in some parts are going to -- versus other parts are going to grow. Take for example the United States and Great Britain two large western economies starting the year of 2015 strong whereas the Euro zone, Japan and most of the emerging worlds starting the year slower. So there is this kind of gap and some catching up to do.  We're gaining share across the world in Sparkling juices, important categories. The industry -- we see some evidence that there are some things that are working for us but we need to be cautious and take it quarter-by-quarter I think that’s really is important, then as far as Latin America is concerned I think Columbia seems to do continue to do really well as an economy and I think there is some more lifting to do in Mexico and Brazil and South zone. I was recently in Latin America and our business there continues to -- we have fantastic group of bottling partners investing for the short and long-term growth and we continue to gain share, we have a fantastic -- very strong packaged product channel segmentation and architecture and pricing, competitive, but at the same time great revenue growth, management strategies working there.  And so Europe as towards the last quarter, quarter four which we're just reporting on the Southern European countries continue to be challenged. Germany, our business was very much in the positive, Northern Europe had a better environment for us -- was a better environment for us than the South and Eastern Europe is again challenged by some of the macro volatility that spills over across from the East. So I think that how will see.  And then Asia I think we're still very bullish and Africa and you see the actions we have taken related to the reorganizing our bottling structure to even better suit the growth potential and opportunities there in both Indonesia, the fourth most top of the nation in the world as well as the very dynamic one plus billion consumers in Africa. 
Muhtar Kent: Bryan one last thing I want to add to what Ahmet said and what I had said earlier to your question about doesn’t make sense to invest in media and marketing. And the answer is absolutely yes, when we are able to target our investments in media and the way we're doing it, segmenting them by the different countries and the different regions of the world and improving not just the quantity but also the quality of the media that’s what one of the main important factors that we see driving a better revenue number -- a better price mix number. So the two are really connected and that’s what I really want to -- so gain in share improving on the top line through all the actions we're taking of which targeted media increased an improved quality media is one of those.
Muhtar Kent: Yes well I think we're all going to watch what's happening with the quantities easing, John, in Europe 18 months of the planned amount 60 billion and month of Euros coming kicking in whether that will have an impact or not we will watch and see. I think stability is the key word for Europe as we go into 2015. So, not getting much worst and I think in some areas continued volatility and South Europe is going to continue to be, certainly to be a challenge. So, I don't think there is going to be suddenly a lifting of the cloud for the consumers in the Southern belt of Europe, I think Germany is the very low, -- current exchange rate I think will help exporting countries for sure, how soon will that trickle in related to Germany, related to other export markets from Europe. But that's a positive; the quantitative easing is a positive.  The notion that most consumers now are used to this environment and feel that it's not going to get much worse, it may get a little better because of the [indiscernible], so we’ll have to see but we think that it will continue to be challenged and then you've got of course the whole political environment to sort of basically weave into the equation, that political environment is something that is an unknown for us all. I think that's how I would see, as far as growth, yes, there will be pockets of growth in Europe and there will be continued pockets of challenges but I think what we see was our -- we've very strong plans in place with our bottling partners for growth in Europe and we'll see how -- we've all kinds of contingencies built into the plan in Europe also and we're going to take it quarter-by-quarter.
Muhtar Kent: And see just on your question on why -- what on productivity, I would say to you that they reorg and how we're flattening the organization and the number of -- and announced cuts were all part of the program -- totally part of the program. So there is nothing that just being executed and that's all. And as Kathy -- we standby what Kathy said in the modeling call in December we're on track with the 500 plus million dollars piece of the productivity program for 2015 and we're on track with that. So but just to emphasize all of what you see, what you hear, what you read was part of the program. 
Muhtar Kent: Just quickly on the last piece of your question, it was part of the additional 2 billion and then as far as the rate increases I will defer it to Ahmet, if you want to just refer to that part of the question. 
Muhtar Kent: Yes I think Ali it’s just on a broad base answer to your question. I think it's really critical that we balance the needs in the marketplace and the needs for us to be healthy in the marketplace on a both medium and long-term basis that's why we hold accountable all our business unit President's for local currency. And I think that, we're very happy with our progress so far with what we're doing with our productivity initiatives and what the current results are for those productivity initiatives so far, early days. But we certainly are looking to do more where it makes sense. But one thing you will not see us is taking -- basically actions in the marketplace that weakens our position for the medium and long-term that's the critical piece that I want to stress. 
Muhtar Kent: I think we work with all the different levers that are available to us. How our better marketing --more marketing is working driving results, how the investments are working, with that we're putting in the marketplace with our bottling partners, our basic brand strength in the marketplace all of those things. And especially in terms of commodities, again that's something that is very volatile in the world that we live in. Four or five months ago if someone said we’d be looking at the current price of oil, no one would have believed this. So I think everything is changing very rapidly and we are remaining flexible on what we can achieve to the best of our ability, both in pricing, both in terms of investing for the future as well as making sure that our investments are targeted and our segmentation works. So I think there is not one solution, the segmentation is really driving better results than we have anticipated when we put that program into place. 
Muhtar Kent: I think what we talked about is oil pricing in terms of the local currency we pick. So whether we re-measured that in SICAD I or II it will be the same number.
Muhtar Kent: Thank you Kathy, Ahmet, Sandy and Tim. In summary, we’re moving quickly to regionalize revenue growth while simultaneously driving cost out of our business during an aggressive productivity plan. While we've already made progress against our five strategic actions to regain our momentum we're just beginning 2015 will be a transition year as we rewire our operating model for growth and mix in uncertain global consumer environment. While the macroeconomic environment remains challenging in the near term we are confident in our ability to return to sustainable growth as the long term dynamics of our industry remain promising. Our brands and our global system are unparalleled and we are fully dedicated to strengthening our position as the world's leading beverage company. As always we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us this morning. 
Ahmet Bozer: Thanks, Muhtar. Brian, the only thing I would add to Muhtar's calculation is that volatility sort of comes on top of sort of slowdown. But what's working for us is that we're getting more and more traction on our plans and programs working with our bottlers. I was in about four, five different countries over the last couple of weeks and even though we witness economic volatility or uncertainty even in Northern Europe, yes there is quantitative easing, yes there is lower oil prices but it is uncertain yet whether the consumer will really benefit from that. But even within that our plans that address the right pricing and packaging and the right level of media investment and our alignment with our bottling system is giving us confidence that we could actually weather this volatility in line with the guidance that has been provided.  So couple of bright spots too, I was in India probably one country where there is a lot of optimism inside the country in terms of economic development. And as you know we have an incredible momentum in India over the last seven or eight years especially last year. And our plans continue to build on each other from year to year, so that's pretty. I was in Brazil, again a similar story. After the elections there was come cautious optimism and that sort of caution side of that continues there is still a bit of optimism. But we do continue to deliver our results despite that environment as you know Brazil had a mid-single digit growth at the end of the quarter. Yes, it was cycling better numbers from last year. But we've also had very strong share gains in Brazil. So I would say that is our story, there is volatility on top of a slowdown but we do have traction with our plans and programs in the marketplace with close alignment with our bottlers.
Ahmet Bozer: On the markets like EAG we price in line with inflation, we may be slightly below inflation, slightly ahead at times, so you should expect to see consistent rate increase more or less in that range. Fourth quarter for EAG was a bit of an anomaly, there was a sort of geographic mix impact that was driven by cycling of Galland shipment. So if you look at full year price mix realization of EAG, it’s a healthy 4 points. So I wouldn't look at Q4 to draw any conclusion. 
Ahmet Bozer: Hey Bill, this is Ahmet. I'll try and address that; one big thing was the timing of the Chinese New Year. But I wouldn’t conclude my comments without saying that the market in China specially the food and beverage market has been weakest in the last 10 years. But I would also say that we've been consistently applying our strategy that we have covered with you guys number of times before. And resulting in fairly significant share gains in China and as you know in Japan and in the middle of last year there was increase in taxes and we're continuing to see the effect of that. But still delivering almost close to flat but not that close it’s minus one. So -- but the biggest item there was the timing of the Chinese New Year as well as continued sort of industry headwinds in China.
Kathy Waller: The commodities environment for 2015, commodities we expect really to be benign for -- there are some that are absolutely favorable. But then we have other challenges and depending on the amount in North America, but of that in North America we also have impact of secondary exchange embedded into our commodity. So we really anticipated being more of a benign commodity environment for us versus they have any significant impact or benefits from it.
Kathy Waller: Yes, so John, for 2016 we are also hedged on our major currencies and at this point also have some on other currencies as well. So, we'll manage the impact and we're at pretty good rates at this point with that hedging. So, basically we don't think that there is a relative issue at this point.
Kathy Waller: Based on our corporate calendar the six additional days get pushed into the first quarter. But they come out in the fourth quarter.
Kathy Waller: So for next year the impact of share pricing law will continue in Venezuela. That is what actually impacts our revenue in Venezuela, so its caps our ability to take revenue that does continue obviously it's kind of cost -- that are over in 2015. But it will not be a structural item because we [indiscernible] as of the second quarter. But then -- yes we also do have an impact to our revenues from a different exchange rate and that will be considered into currency.
Kathy Waller: The cooperate on allocated line. So yes that is one place where you will be able to see the restructuring come through, but as Muhtar said we are on track with everything that we have announced to date.
