Muhtar Kent: So, Bryan it's Muhtar here. Good morning again. So in North America, I’ll start with North America. I would say that the outlook appears to be trending a little positive, raising hopes that potential ways growth and lower fuel prices could translate into consumer spending. In Latin America, Mexico's the best way I would say is relatively stable and continues to track closer to the Unites States because they are so closely linked. Brazil continues to deteriorate faster than we expected, I would say that. Venezuela continues to increase as a concern given to increase -- the growing difficulty on maintaining supply in the market place. And Argentina just continues to be challenging and Columbia is again as the kind of the star in Latin America in terms of performance and macro conditions. So in Europe I think there are also some green shoots on the back of [indiscernible], but its early days, that just started. But deflation still remains a concerned this year and overall consumer spending in Europe I would say is still sluggish as it will take time for I think monitory easing to flow to the consumer pockets and translate into increased consumer spending. And then risk to recover remains a still volatile environment and then off course you got the possible Greece exit issue still lingering on. In Eurasia and Africa, Russia continues to see significant challenges, the Russian consumer and we expected it to continue to remain challenging throughout the year this year.  [Sub-Saharan] in Africa is a strong bright spot and we're seeing that in our results and then Middle-East we've got some pockets where it's defined geopolitical environment, but overall obviously increased geopolitical risk there. And then in Asia and Pacific-China continues it’s -- the disposal incomes, consumer spending, CFE in China continues to decelerate we saw that happening in Q1 versus the stated GDP of 7%, Japan remains sluggish I'd say similar to Europe although we are starting to see some green shoots in the economy and finally in Asia-Pacific India continues to be a bright spot I’d say inside the brick in markets, the four brick market. So, though that's a sort of walk through in terms of -- and then the commodity environment again talking about what we can control and what we can’t, remains fairly benign, compared to previous years, stable and benign. And so given that value growth for us is highly correlated to PCE growth and I hope I’ve been able to give you a sort of quick walk through what’s good and what not so good and what’s more stable.
Muhtar Kent: John this is Muhtar, I’ll just add one other point which is related to what I already mentioned that we’re reorganizing and we have reorganized our marketing around the different clusters of developed, emerging and developing markets. I think that’s also working, beginning to yield some early results and I think our new marketing leadership is very committed and very much part of this new reorganization of our marketing around the clusters and I can say very clearly that marketing is playing an important role in how we are generating enhanced revenue in our business that’s really an important takeaway, I think.
Muhtar Kent: Can I just add one more thing there, that what Irial just said then creates the environment for our small packages to grow and the consumer is moving strongly to small packages and we’re continuing to see low to mid-teens growth in those packages and all of which is supported by the impact of a step up in marketing which gives the whole thing more sustainability as we work through the more challenging comps. 
Muhtar Kent: Well Ali, this is Muhtar. First if it wasn't for the savings we would not be able to be -- to do what you see us doing, in terms of generating net increase marketing, generating all the other things that's basically are part of our five point strategy of focusing on revenue, focusing on productivity, focusing on better and more marketing rewiring the organization for better impact and focusing on our core which is the franchise that we talked about. So I just sat to you, had is not being for the productivity we certainly would not be able to enable our organization to generate the kind of momentum that you see beginning to come back in that's clear there is no question about that. And so this is not a four or five sequential kind of compartments, these are very integrated sort of approach to how we bring more momentum into our business and everything that I mentioned is happening at the same time, better more -- better wide organization, better marketing, marketing that works around clusters, more infective marketing linked to social media as well as into a better cost per GRP. All of that funded by incremental productivity and so I think that's how you need to see our entire sort of different bucket of our strategy coming to life.
Muhtar Kent: First, I mean I'll just say that I agree with you that they those bottlers are doing really well. Germany certainly is staring Europe. Southeast Asian bottlers are doing well particularly Vietnam the big one that we are running and I think it's important to keep in mind for you that Germany was not in the position to be refranchised until after 2012 because the consolidation was still taking place, so it's really being ready for the last sort of, it feels like 18 months to 24 months. And it has been the real bright spot in the Europe the last couple of years, it’s profitable and we need to ensure that we get the -- find the right home and the right structure and the right value and so I could be clear with you that Germany is not a long term -- strategic long term holding and the right moment will be found. None of our, if you bike BIG operations are in a way long term strategic hold. So, that's what I would say about your question, Irial, you want to add anything to that.
Muhtar Kent: Just to build on what Irial said, we are looking for three things. So in terms of the right partner -- description of the right partner; one, proven management team; two, a strong financial capabilities and three, willing to invest in the business and growing the business. So those are the three things and then I'm confident that we will reach that goal. On your -- finally on your question regarding head counts reduction, I think you've heard about our previously announced plan and we’re sticking to that plan simply said.
Muhtar Kent: Ian, its Muhtar. It fits right into the strategy of what we said, is bolt on acquisition where they make sense. And we will look at them with -- and where we believe that they fit into our portfolio, where they actually add value, where we can generate value for our bottling partners through that acquisition and it fits right in there. And that’s I will say about that, Ian.
Muhtar Kent: Thank you, Kathy, Ahmet, Sandy, Irial and Tim. In summary we're seeing initial progress in our plan to reintegrate top line growth. However we still have much to do and the full benefits from the announced initiatives are going to take time to materialize. 2015 is a transition year as we transform our operating model for sustainable growth, amidst a challenging global consumer environment, while the macro environment remains challenging in the near term, we’re confident in our ability to return to sustainable growth and the long term dynamics of our industry remain promising. Our clients and our global system are un-parallel we are fully dedicated to strengthening our position as the world's leading beverage company.  As always thank you for your interest. Thank you for your investment in our company and for joining us this morning.
Kathy Waller: As Muhtar just said commodities are for us will be benign this year, as we have worked in this quarter [indiscernible] recycling higher prices a little and back half -- in the first half of last year and thinking about something like oil, oil doesn’t really impact us. So for our commodities, we’re hedged. So we basically are not going to see specific benefits there because -- and they are going to be basically benign.
Kathy Waller: So, the price mix obviously is three points as I just spoke about, we did benefit from the positive geographic mix and -- in the first quarter and as we will get concentrate shipments and timing starts to catch up we will have the impact of negative geographic mix which is for us is not surprising, that it's kind of normal run rate for several of our geography. So we did get the price in the quarter and in the benefit and then we had decided that would be the cost and when you adjust for structural and you adjust the currencies, cost of goods is really in line with concentrate shipments and then the other issue would then just be commodities and then as we’re said the commodities are basically going to be benign for us and in the quarter we are cycling higher cost from full last year. So that was a slight benefit and that's for the most part and as I’m looking into the rest of the year commodity is still going to be benign so it’s really basically the pricing that we got this quarter, offset by the cost that were better than prior year because we cycled a better cost.
Kathy Waller: So, and also would add, one of the thing is seeing addition in North America specifically we had better mix which basically was about our food service business. So for the first quarter in our transition year we are obviously very pleased with our result and I would say that -- I would expect pricing to moderate for the back half of the year and continue with the cost commodity -- the cost of [control] continue to be in line with the concentrate shipment. So we we're -- basically given the quarter in line with our expectations and we expect to be in line with our full year expectations that we have provided. 
Kathy Waller: So the expected margin improvement over the balance of the year as Sandy just said, so we’ve got good pricing in the quarter and as Irial said we’re very focused on continuing to be rational in price. We have higher comps in the back half of the year for pricing that we have to cycle. So as far as the franchising is concern I wouldn’t expect to see much benefit at this point from the sub-bottling payments and as you know if you look at it from an external perspective, we have through structurally adjust those we’ve pulled them out. We pull out the benefits so that we put it back on an apples-to-apples basis year-over-year.  So there is not a big difference at operating versus PBT in our North American operations at this point. So the margin expansion that is basically really good pricing as we get really good pricing in the fourth quarter of last year, they are very focused on pricing that will continue, but are cycling higher prices in the back half of this year. 
Kathy Waller: Our equity income is impacted by currency. So we actually have -- don’t pull out all of the currency that’s been impacted because if you think about some of our locations they have -- their geography, they have many geographies. So when we report we take the main currency and transact that into U.S. dollar that means that there is still often a lot of currency impact in those numbers. So I would read into it that is a very, very difficult currency environment out there at the moment.
Kathy Waller: So I guess the way I think about it is if you take our unit case sales of one and use that as a surrogate because that doesn’t have the extra days in it and you take pricing of three in terms of pricing and then I would say that did benefit from positive geographic mix, that we’ll moderate over the back half of the year. So I guess I would think of it using this price mix in average sales in unit cases.
Kathy Waller: So the days or the operating expenses, I would say no there was nothing specific in operating expenses that would help by the six days and then the sales and distribution expenses are impacted by the six days so they kind of watch out, I would say that it’s nothing there.
Kathy Waller: So again [indiscernible] but then, we did benefit from the size of the geographic mix. So I think the only thing I would say in terms of this it will moderate in the back half of the year as we will get more of a normal run rate of negative geographic mix from concentrate shipment. And then Sandy talked about the impact of the business mix with the food service business in North America. So I think those are things that basically will say that that number will moderate over the back half of the year as we are still in a transition year.
Kathy Waller: Yes. So there is no issue there. It’s was going to close, we always expected it to close in the first quarter than basically it’s just the regulatory process that we have to go through that is delaying the close. We fully anticipate that it will close.
Kathy Waller: Hi, Judy. So on the structural, the structural is impacted by the timing of the Monster transaction and then anytime we accelerate in the refranchising that is also going to impact that number. So that’s why we gave you different structural guidance. And then on the re-measurement gain, yes, that’s basically when we re-measure that euro debt that impacted currency positively and so that is what changed the outlook for currency over the back half of the year. I would also join in the impact of Venezuela and change using the SIMADI rate going forward.
Kathy Waller: So, the distribution is starting to transition, it has not fully transitioned, so that transition will take place over the year and so we at various turns and that's not something that's really under our control, that's really under Monster’s control, as they transition that, so we can't -- we put in the estimate of how we think it's growing to transition. So it's not something that's already into our numbers, and that slower -- that's what slowing us. So, it's slower than expected because we expected it to start earlier.
