James Quincey: Let me start with the future and work backwards. When things have become new normal post-pandemic, the world is fully open. And clearly we'll be back, investing at the sort of pressure levels of marketing and all the other components of the business that we believe is necessary to drive the top line in a margin accretive fashion that is consistent with the long term growth models. And as you think about comparing that to 2019, clearly, we will have baked into that the benefits of not just the new organization, but the fundamental rework of the marketing. Some of it is a reprogramming or where the marketing goes and that's most obviously reflected in the advertising number that we show in our disclosures. But there are other marketing spend, which typically gets called enabling, where we have a major program to really look at how we can make that much more efficient, right across the board of all the things we do from relooking at the agencies, relooking at the way we do research, the digitization and many things. So the will when comparing the new normal at 2019 be an embedded degree of efficiency across the board. But in the end, we are the view that the marketing pressure will need to be similar to the sorts of pressure levels that it was in '18 and '19, when we were achieving the sorts of revenue growth rates and starting to see the flow through into profits that we were looking for. In the run up from now to that future, we have of course taken a measured and balanced view of what we think 2021 will look like. And our guidance ultimately, is a corridor where we believe we can manage whether things get better, in line with our view or quicker than our view, we will be in the corridor and we will start reapplying the pressure of the marketing and the innovation that we believe will drive the revenue growth. Or if things are a little slower on the opening, we'll pull the levers and be more cautious about the rate at which we reapply the marketing pressures, or as you mentioned free cash flow obviously one of the levers to sustaining or in fact growing free cash flow last year was to back off on some of the CapEx. Simply understood, some of our CapEx is in new found in equipment or new vending equipment. And if those channels are not open, there's no point in putting new equipment in there until they're on the verge of being open. So there's a self-regulation between the marketing and some of the CapEx on. If the lockdown is greater, we will logically back off and then as the lockdown reduces and the market is more open, those things will come back on. And so, we'd spend more marketing more CapEx but have more revenue. And that's why we believe we can operate within the corridor of the guidance we've provided and emerge stronger than this and really drive growth into the future.
James Quincey: Sure. The revenue growth management journey has been a multiyear journey globally, and indeed, more recently reviewed [ph] in North America. We've started to see some good benefits come through from that. Just over 13-ounce bottle is obviously good from a revenue growth point of view. It is also worth mentioning that 100% recycled PET bottle on Coke, which is the first one in the U.S., that's very linked to our World Without Waste strategy. So clearly, we are going to continue to explore and drive particularly some of the smaller packages, whether it's this smaller bottle or some of the sleeker cans as part of providing the sizes that consumers are interested in. This also connects with our revenue growth management story. And as I said on previous calls, I believe that is a multiyear runway for our efforts on RGM in North America that are starting to pay dividends over time, that is not just helping on the margin front, but frankly, is helping on the revenue front. So, I think there's a lot more that can be done to drive that in North America. And that's kind of in the underlying category of margin. Of course, there are structural changes to the margin on whether we have re-franchised or not to the bottlers or whether we continue or what our exact role is in kind of the system's internal supply chain. And therefore, if we do finish products, or we get -- the bottlers manufacture those products. Of course, what we will do overtime is look to do the most efficient and effective ecosystem of supply options for ourselves and our bottling partners. We have recently moved some lines to third-party co-packing of water. And as and when other opportunities are there, we'll consider them. But ultimately, we have to have the most efficient and effective supply chain between ourselves and the bottlers to satisfy the consumers.
James Quincey: I guess the headline answer is, no, we don't think we're going to stifle innovation, quite the opposite, we're looking actually for innovation to continue, where it was in '18 and '19 in terms of playing an important role in driving consumer engagement, interest of customers, and therefore revenue growth and on to profitability. And so this is very much about finding a way to be able to identify the biggest best within the innovation pipeline, understanding that there's still going to be an very important role for experimentation. There's just no way of knowing from the outset, no matter what one might think from a personal point of view as to which ones are going to be the absolute best going forward. So we're back to innovation. Clearly, we did less in 2020. We will be increasing meaningfully the degree of innovation in 2021. Very focused on are these attracting more consumers to our portfolios, is it allowing them to enjoy our beverages perhaps more frequently or greater financial at greater prices. Ultimately, we're looking for more impact. We had looked at our innovation pipeline, and while we had done a lot, we had some inefficiency in it. So we're driving for greater impact, which we were able to achieve in 2020, and that we will get again in 2021. So I think there's absolutely the right level of focus on innovation. We'll continue to learn more as we go through 2021. But none of this rationalization portfolio is about stifling, quite the contrary. It's about if you like, clearing away the least successful so there's more room for the most successful and for the next generation of innovation.
James Quincey: I think what we have at the moment is a very clear plan that we have been implementing on resetting the organization, Let's go Forward. Again, the need and the objectives of the organizational change we made were pre-existing, as COVID we knew we needed to find a way to make the organization more agile, more focused and to scale up some of the activities to a more platform level, especially given the ever increasing importance of data and the logic that that can't be done lots of different ways everywhere. So, it was a preexisting idea that we took the necessity, if we like, or the opportunity in the course of 2020, to accelerate its implementation. Of course, there'll be ongoing opportunities, and we'll learn with the world will evolve, we will evolve and change will happen into the future. But I would not start the planning that this is recurring levels of productivity at these sorts of levels, much beyond the couple of current years, it will impact at the moment.
James Quincey: Great question, Bill. Look, we relatively early on in the crisis, actually going back to the second quarter of last year, there was a team that did a lot of very intense and interesting work on looking at prior crises, whether military, economic or pandemic, going all the way back to our history, rounded years, and looking at what happened on the curves. And we came up with a set of assumptions and a set of analyses that then shaped our view as to what the disparate scenarios we faced were. And in simple terms, the biggest indicator or driver was a view on how long the pandemic would last and therefore, how long each country would take to get back to its 2019 levels of GDP. So, you can take all the countries in the world and you can segment them into, it'll take them one year, it'll take them two years, it'll take them three years, and there are countries that will take four years to get back there. And that is what we've done. And we were able to see, obviously, by the end of 2020, that the progress of the world and the progress of countries quite closely followed the scenarios in our model, and in the overall macro idea. So, it has given us some sense as we continue into year two of those projections, as to what sort of corridor we'll be looking at going forward through '21 and into '22 is likely to look like by country or by region.
James Quincey: I think the simple starting point to reconcile this is a few points, Laurent. One, that the impact in 2020 a lot of it came on some of our finished goods businesses that do not have the same margin levels as the concentrate business. So, for a simple example, the closure of a Costco store has a disproportionate impact on revenue versus profits versus not selling some coke products through the concentrate business. So, what we expect in 2021 is a greater recovery in some of these away from home, particularly our finished product businesses, whether it be some of the Costa businesses or the BIG bottlers, and those are mechanically headwinds in terms of margins. The second very important effect in 2021 is, of course, the reversal of our stewarding of resources in 2020. We clearly took the decision that if there was not good reasons to invest in marketing or in market facing CapEx or market facing operating expenses, then we would not do so. And the more the recovery occurs in 2021, the more we are going to reinstate those expenses, as well as, of course, a number of elements of the incentive schemes which will be budgeted for at 100% in 2021. So that's why we have not gone for line-by-line guidance within 2021. There's so many moving pieces that are not your typical year of moving from a normal year and comparing it to another normal year. You've got these weird effects of what's actually in 2020 and the way we stewarded the resources and we're still able to drive free cash flow. That's why we've given some wider corridors and have given the top and the bottom line, which we think are the most measured and balanced approach that we can give today.
James Quincey: Yes, sure. So we've launched Topo Chico Hard Seltzer in a number of Latin America markets, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Peru, Chile, Brazil. Strong initial feedback from consumers and customers, still very early to even have market share rates. But the rate of sale and the repeats look very good, but obviously still too early really to tell. Also, we've launched in a few markets in Europe, again, still very early to tell, but repeat rates and a rate of sale look encouraging. And so in the coming quarters, we'll be happy to share some of those learnings. I'm sure there'll be learnings and we'll tweak things as we go forward. Now, as it relates to your question about the U.S., it's important here to remember how different the U.S. is versus the rest of the international market, because of U.S. alcohol market regulations. The Topo Chico Hard Seltzer will not be going through the company stroke the bottling system in the U.S. It will be handled all by a collaboration with the Molson Coors team. So it is not competing in any way, shape or form as a priority with all the other things that are going on that are all obviously being done by ourselves and the bottlers in the U.S. And I think Molson Coors are very excited about the opportunity in the U.S., it’s certainly been good initial reception from distributors in that marketplace. More to come in future quarters.
James Quincey: So, fourth quarter market share trend were definitely better than they had been in the previous two quarters. And whilst yes, we did benefit from the reopening, remembering that we have generally speaking, materially higher share in the away from home than the at-home then obviously, the reopening tends to improve the overall share trend. But we will also gaining share in Q4 versus Q3 or Q2 in both at-home and away from home. So that is, in the end commercial momentum built into what was going on in those channels. And we would certainly expect to gain share away and at-home in 2021 and therefore gain share overall, particularly as the reopenings happen. And then Coke Energy, we will be obviously, particularly in the U.S. that was trying to launch that coming into the beginning of 2020 was particularly difficult, given the immediate lockdowns. And so we're going to come back on Coke Energy in 2021. Despite the challenges, we've had interesting repeat rates, we've recruited new users to the category at rates that are very interesting versus other recent launches in the category, by bringing new drinkers into energy and had interesting levels of dollar retail sales in year one compared to other innovations. So we think there's something working there back to the original hypothesis that there was space in the energy category to come in with a proposition that would attract new drinkers to the category. So we've got reasons to think that we should double down again in 2021.
James Quincey: Thanks, Chris. I think the answer really is rooted in our belief in the sustainability of our long term growth algorithm. And as you know, embedded into that algorithm is an assumption that over time we can and we will continue to expand margins. I think any given year needs to be taken in the context of that longer term perspective. 2020, as you say, it was a particularly unusual year, and it afforded us the opportunity to under the umbrella of never waste a crisis to drive greater efficiency and to have a bump in our operating margin performance for 2020. But I would think of the longer term in the context of the long term growth model. And we manage a portfolio of very distinctive markets around the world, and they contribute at different times along that journey and North America is no different. We see plenty of opportunity, as James highlighted earlier in the North American business to improve profitability levels over time. And that will, I think, be a key factor in our belief that the long term growth model, as it currently is expressed is doable and unsustainable. And so I'd like a sort of couch to the whole margin topic in that frame.
James Quincey: Thanks so very much, everyone. Just a few closing thoughts. The objectives and the priorities we set for ourselves at the peak of the crisis have really galvanized the company, and are driving our ability to continue to execute through the volatile near term dynamics. While the virus is still a factor in the near term, we're well on our way to emerging stronger and to returning to the path of delivering at the high end of our long-term growth model. Focus and the flexibility of the network model will drive the entire Coke system for years to come. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company, and for joining us today. Thank you.
John Murphy: Thanks, Dara. As I mentioned, in the script, I think we've got ample flexibility through both the way in which we've been managing the balance sheet. And when we think about the cash generation prospects for the next few years to manage any scenario, we continue to believe that we have a very strong case and unlikely to have to consider that worst case scenario. But the work we've done, really beginning last year to organize our debt portfolio in a way that gives us more flexibility. And when we take that into consideration, along with the cash will generate in the next two to three years, I think we feel pretty confident we can take care of just about any scenario.
John Murphy: Yes, thanks. So, I don't think we're fixed on a number that's necessarily linked to 2019. Given a couple of factors, number one, the work that we have highlighted, we are doing around efficiency. We believe that there's a tremendous opportunity for us to drive greater efficiency across the marketing spend portfolio, and particularly in the enabling area. Secondly, we've also become I think, a lot more flexible. We've learned a lot in the last year that allows us to, so to speak, turn the tap on and off with much greater fluency than perhaps we've done in the past. And then thirdly, as you look at the marketing landscape, the mix of spending that will be required market-to-market is going to evolve. And we need to be flexible in order to handle that. So net-net is we will continue to focus on what our markets need, both in total investment terms, as well as in the mix of spend that's appropriate for each of these markets. We will continue to drive the kind of efficiency that we now know is available to us. And I think we land in whatever landing spot that means in terms of total dollars, but I think we've got a good handle on both being efficient, being effective and investing appropriately as markets recover across the world.
John Murphy: Andrea, let me take that. One on the expense savings, we had highlighted in our release last year, an expected benefit of between $350 million and $550 million. And we're on track to deliver that. Some of it falls into this year, some of it will fall into the first part of next year, kind of aligned to the progress that we make on the implementation of the new model. So that's on the expenses. And on the whole topic of RGM, the past year has actually I think, highlighted even more than ever the importance of having this as a key part of our top line algorithm. I don't expect us to have material changes in how we go about it. We're very clear on the drivers at the local market level, when it comes to both pricing and its relationship with inflation, and having the right packaging architecture to enable us to manage as in an optimal way, the conditions of any given market. And if anything, I think our teams around the world are even more focused on that area, as a way to navigate a path forward that allows us to deliver on the revenue objectives that we've outlined.
