Muhtar Kent: Good morning, Bill. I think you are right in pointing out that we had a good quarter in North America; volume grew 2%, second consecutive quarter positive and I highlight organic growth, and year-to-date volume growth was 1%. I think, if you sort of dig double click and dig down for the quarters, total sparkling was even Trademark and then for the year-to-date when you look at, like Trademark Coca Cola on a year-to-date basis is even versus minus three for the same three quarters the prior year. So, one of the things that is continuing to drive this is our success in our brand price pack channel architecture that we have talked about for a number of quarters that we are implementing. I think another one is our continued strength in our brands. We continue to invest in our brands and it’s paying off, Coca-Cola remains the number one favorite brand and has widened that lead over its nearest competitor, ratio is now 1.6 to 1 versus 1.4 in a year-to-date 2008 for example. Favorite brand scores are again up. Coke Zero favorite brand scores continue to grow at a significant rate. So all of that is paying off and I think it’s important that we have a strategic focus that is consistent on building powerful brands, creating the value with our customer relationships and also a high performance system that is capable of working together to serve our customers and consumers. And I am happy also to point out that in the third quarter as the industry returned to more rational pricing, CCNA, our North American Operation, Coca-Cola USA gained valued share in total NARTD and volume and value share in the sparkling as well as still categories. So, when you look back at say some of the media reports back in the middle of 2008, say June, July, 2008, one of the priorities I outlined at that time, if you look into the clippings and go back into recent history, I said it is to stabilize and return to a sustainable growth our North American Operations. I think that, in no way are we declaring victory, we are in the process of stabilizing as you can see from the numbers. And we are cautiously confident that even in the depth of the most severe crisis that we’ve recently had in the last couple of years in North America and the US consumer is still confused by the way that we are – our investments are paying off, our alignment with our bottling partners is paying off. And now I think we can accelerate that with this historic transaction. So, I am particularly pleased that as we have gone into this transaction at the end of this quarter, this past quarter, that we go into that transaction from a point of strength, from a position of strength. And as I said the transaction will further enable us to accelerate our momentum, I believe.
Muhtar Kent: First, on the Philippines Carlos, I think as we have noticed, we posted a strong quarter of plus 19% growth in the third quarter, which was actually our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. The BIG team, Bottling Investment Group team, led by Ariel [ph] and his associates, I think have done a good job in stabilizing the business first in the Philippines and now we’ve been returning it to sustainable growth. : As far as transactions are concerned, at the end of the day you’ve got to remember that consumers don’t buy unit cases, they buy transactions, packages at certain price points. And I think it’s really – that’s why it’s so important for us to track the consumer behavior patterns of consumption in different channels on a transaction basis. And I think that we are certainly seeing the benefit of tracking that metric in the United States, especially as we have offered more choices as part of our brand price pack channel architecture in the United States that’s working well. And you will continue to see a focus on that metric as we widen it across the world.
Muhtar Kent: John, good morning. You’ve heard we say about Russia and Ukraine, particularly in the past that these markets are linked to more, we should try to think of these are being more volatile markets though go into the crisis quicker, deeper and they’ll come out of the crisis quicker and deeper. We are seeing an exact play of that happening. And I think that Russia over the next sort of three-year period they will normalize to growth rates of sort of double digits I think as we move forward. But again, you’ll see some volatility in Russia play out over the next three years. But I think a more gradual return to a high single digit and double-digit growth rate. As far as Mexico is concerned, you ask the question. I think, during this quarter Mexico and certain regions of Northern South America, the northern part of South America, suffered from very unusual high rainfalls which were, in fact in some cases in Mexico particularly severe enough to disrupt distribution over some prolong periods. And of course also this past quarter, again to remind you that Mexico was typing 9% growth. In the prior year, I’ve said and I think in the call earlier that Mexico, we believe that Mexico will return to a more normalized rate of growth that we have seen in the past periods over the last two, three years. And I think Japan certainly benefited from the extraordinarily positive weather, lack of rainfall and also very high sustained temperatures during the key summer months, July, August. I think that Japan, but again not all of the growth was related to that, some of the programs we are really getting traction, especially in the Kanto region, in Tomei [ph] as well as Coca-Cola bottlers Tokyo and also some of the other outline like Coca-Cola central Japan. And therefore I think Japan we should see Japan, despite the very challenging consumer landscape deflationary environment should return to more of an even to 1% to 2% growth rate normalize over the coming period.
Muhtar Kent: And then China I think based on the cycling of plus 29%, 30% on the prior quarter in the quarter four certainly we will see some moderation there, but as I said our focus is to benefit from our multi-category positions in China, successful multi-category positions in China and drive sustainable profitable double-digit growth over time leading into 2020.
Muhtar Kent: Well, I won’t give you a sort of look-forward statement on the United States business. All I can tell you, Judy, is that, I think in this past quarter net revenues for the quarter increased 2% which reflected a 2% increase in our concentrate sales, and a positive price mix which sort of rounded to even, which was partially offset by deconsolidation of certain entities due to a change in our accounting guidance and I will have Gary comment on this too. But I think it’s really important that price mix will gradually strengthen, I believe, in the United States as sparkling and still – both our sparkling and still portfolios grow, and as we get traction in terms of a more nimble and faster system in the United States as we transform our business and reap the benefits of successful integration. But it’s really important to note that it is personally very pleasing for me that we can lead in to this transaction with two consecutive quarters of growth. And also importantly this growth is balanced and that you’ve got like Trademark Coca-Cola year-to-date on an even basis compared to say minus three for the first three quarters of prior year, and Coke Zero still doing very well in double-digit growth. And so I think and then our still beverage strategy is really working very well. The total still beverage is up 8% on a year-to-date basis up 5% and that’s driven our success in both the juice segment as well as sports drinks. As I mentioned, energy, tea, all working together, coming together to generate this balance growth in the United States. And I think, again you can expect the price mix to gradually strengthen, but it’s really important that we continue to invest in our brands and in our infrastructure in North America and that’s effective, our marketing is paying dividend. The strength of our brands are paying dividends, and especially in this third quarter, this past third quarter were there was price rationalization in the industry that we can still generate 2% organic growth was particularly encouraging.
Muhtar Kent: Kaumil, I think it’s fair to say that as far as the general trends are concerned, if you had looked at the Q2 trend of minus 1 and the Q3 trend of even certainly that’s an improvement going sequential improvement. And I think, again Europe has been a little bit; continue to be a Tale of Two Cities type of the West being performing better continuatively with higher per capita, as we mentioned markets like France and Benelux and Great Britain. But also at the same time, East and Southeast Europe still very challenged from Iberian Peninsula to Greece and Southeast Former Eastern Europe countries like Romania and Czech Republic, Hungary, Central Europe, all remained more subdued and consumer confidence being still very challenging in that environment.
Muhtar Kent: Christine, hi. I think we were very pleased with the effective execution of our World Cup programs. And I think it has, again helped our brands on a sustainable basis in South Africa. The sparkling category showing recovery with improvements in the new 1.25 liter returnable glass bottle and also as I said the FIFA World Cup programs, I think Fanta is performing well after we made some, again pack changes. Activities in general have yielded good results, and consumers still trading down to more affordable options. We see that, especially in juices and waters, and we still see some heavy discounting going on. But I would say overall the consumer psyche is beginning to recover from the hard economic conditions of 2009. As you would recall that last year GDP shrank by about 2 – between 2% to 2.5%. If I recall in 2010, GDP is estimated to be at around plus 4%. And we are benefitting from that also.Christine Farkas – Bank of America: Okay. Great. Thanks for that Muhtar.
Muhtar Kent: I think, first we got to see what it – it’s really important to point out, Mark, that over the crisis in the depth of the crisis 2009 full year and this year, we have continued to invest heavily in our brands in North America. It’s really important that be understood well. I mean, to the two notes, if you take marketing and total CapEx of the bottling system combined in 2009, numbers around north of 2.5 billion. This year it will be getting close to maybe another sort of 10% higher than that in total. I’m talking about marketing as well as CapEx investments en route to market production efficiency, IT, marketing, brands, all of that. So again, I’ve said before, we cannot, we have to really capitalize on this current economic crisis and that’s what you’ve seen us doing all around the world including in the United States, and continue to invest in our brands in our system and that’s paying off. When you look at the whole world when we, again globally gained total value share and held volume share in the quarter as the 13th consecutive quarter of value share gain globally. So you’re seeing that paying off. And as Gary said, most of these investments, a lot of these investments are coming from the system. We generate as a system north of $20 billion of cash, annually $20 billion. And that’s what, when we announce $5 billion in Mexico for the next five years, $6 billion in Brazil for the next five years, $3 billion in China over ‘09, ‘10 and ‘11. These are system investment numbers that are driving our business, because you heard me say before critically important to judge the appetite of our bottling system for more territory and investments. And that is at an all-time high, and our brands are at an all-time high in terms of their current metrics around the world, including here in the United States.
Muhtar Kent: I think it’s too early to judge any of that. We are just continuing to execute and I think you’re seeing a lot of volatility in international markets on both currency and on commodities, commodities somewhat driven by big reason the weather, but also driven by volatility in currencies as you know, because commodities are priced in US dollars. So we are looking at all of that and we have seen this movie before and we will certainly make appropriate measures to ensure that our business remains in health.
Muhtar Kent: Thanks. So with that in closing, I’d like to just say that we had a strong third quarter and remain on course to grow volume, revenue share and profits in 2010. The integration of our North America business is on track and our new operational structure in North America will accelerate our ability to build on our momentum in this marketplace. So as we look ahead, we see tremendous opportunity for the Coca-Cola Company in all of our markets and geographies. We remain intently focused on working with our capable system partners to build our brand, execute our strategic priorities and drive long-term sustainable growth and value for our shareowners. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Gary Fayard: Thanks Bill. I’ll tell you what I’m going to do, I’m going to give you an update on the answer of that question actually when we get together later in the year. We are putting together all of the numbers now, and to really answer it, you have got to go through all of the synergies. You have got to go through all the purchase accounting adjustments and everything else. Some of those are not complete yet. So while you’re right, interest rates have come down which will be helpful. Let me delay the answer to that question until later this year, but for sure 2012 is accretive whether it’s going to become accretive in 2011, I don’t know yet.Bill Pecoriello – Consumer Edge Research: Okay, thanks.
Gary Fayard: And Carlos this is Gary. And just to be definitional for everyone who is on the call, when as you talk about transactions, the way we define transactions is that a 2 liter package, if you bought a 2 liter bottle, that’s one transaction. If you bought a 14 or 16-ounce bottle, that’s one transaction. If you buy 12 pack of cans, that’s one transaction, and it really then drives into our brand pack pricing architecture, and how you drive value for the brand. So it’s critically important and one of those metrics that we are actively reviewing every month.
Gary Fayard: Yeah, Judy just a couple of things. First, there was a negative one point from structural change and that was the deconsolidation of Honest Tea this year versus it was consolidated last year just to make that adjustment. The other, I think, and it’s just expanding on what Muhtar just said, I think if you look at our pack price architecture particularly on the smaller entry level $0.99 pack, while that has some negative pressure actually on gross profit and price mix is absolutely the right thing to do, really helping with recruitment, really helping us drive transactions as Carlos was asking about earlier. And I think it’s one of the things together with I think very successful marketing programs is driving those brand preference score. So, this is one of those examples where North America went down over a long period of time and it’s going to take us some time to really get it back, but I’m really optimistic and confident because of where we are starting from right now.
Gary Fayard: No, and really what we had is, we had some reversals of some compensation plans last year. And it was both in North America and in the corporate segment. And in fact, reversed in the third quarter and then reinstated in the fourth quarter. So you’ve got some timing swings between quarters.
Gary Fayard: Yes, I would expect shipments to pretty much be in line in the fourth quarter with volumes like I think year-to-date; they are pretty much in line and should be in the fourth quarter as well.
Gary Fayard: Hi Mark, good morning. I’ll have to go back and look at it by quarter. What I looked at was just the third quarter and year-to-date. And while it’s two points ahead in the quarter gallons versus cases, it’s right at exactly the same year-to-date, and I would expect fourth quarter to be right in line as well. And what you’re seeing is just the seasonality of the business. And as the business was accelerating in the third quarter, the bottlers are obviously just ordering more and more concentrate, because they had been behind in ordering up this first two quarters. So I don’t think there’s anything unusual in that at all. And I think, as I said, it’s come back in line year-to-date and I would expect it to stay in line in the fourth quarter.
