John Murphy: Thanks, Bryan. Yes, those comments were very much related to next year. We do see a path to generating U.S. dollar EPS growth next year. Clearly, there's a lot of variables in the equation. And if anything, there's even more variability with some of those variables. We've talked a lot about our strategy is to lead a sustainable equation from the top line. We continue to have confidence in the momentum that our business has and to continue that momentum. The cost outlook does remain more elevated than we are used to. But we've got a higher revenue, higher cost algorithm that we're looking to manage going into next year. I think the work we've done over the last couple of years to build flexibility to be able to adapt quicker than perhaps we have done historically to changes in the markets around us, is something that we take on board and will continue to drive. And with that, we've given the guidance or the considerations for next year. And we're very focused on finishing the year strong, starting fast and being able to deliver on those three objectives.
John Murphy: Sure, Kaumil, thanks for the question. Yes, as you know, we manage our funding through -- with an eye towards liquidity risk and with a multiyear lens, and have done that for many years. We've -- through COVID, I think we've talked about we've pushed our age of our debt out a number of years. And we do have a mix of fixed and floating. Most of the floating is in euro, and so we will wait and see what ECB does over the coming months to have a clearer picture on the impact for 2023. But I think it's an area that we'll provide more detail on in February, subject to the development by the Fed here and by ECB over the coming months.
John Murphy: A lot of questions, Bonnie. Let me start with the commodity point and our outlook for the year ahead. As I said at the -- I think in answer to the first question, there are a lot of variables in that equation. And indeed, the variability with some of them is maybe even broader. When I think about the cost environment, not just the commodity environment, I think about both our commodities, the commodity pressures that we have within our business and the non-commodity pressures that we have. And so as we look at '23 on the commodity front, we are rolling off some very favorable hedges that we were fortunate to have this year. And it's still -- in our mind, it's still unclear as to how commodities will trend over the next six to 12 months. So we'll have more visibility on that when we get to the call in February. With regard to the non-commodity items, just within that, you've got a bucket of different topics -- freight, logistics, the transportation in our finished goods models and the overall wage environment. And we have to take into account that the wage environment is not the same everywhere, and indirect impacts on supply chain pressures. As we think about the supply chain, it's important to not just have efficiency as a metric, we also need to make sure that we have continuity, we have, for the short and longer term, and we're able to manage many of the pressures that I think we've talked about on previous calls, manage those effectively. So there's a lot going on inside of the cost of goods line. And hence, I think it's better for us to just provide you with how we're seeing it overall, and we'll come back in February with more specifics. And to your second question on ongoing price increases, I think it links back to some of James' comments earlier. The name of the game is to optimize our revenue equation over the next 12 to 18 months. That's going to be a combination of smart pricing, understanding the mix, both from a channel and package perspective, and being able to utilize the many levers that we have inside of the RGM toolkits that our bottlers have. So again, I think at this stage, it's still early to say what the exact numbers will be for each of those topics. But I think the broader point is that the top line momentum that we've enjoyed here today, that we see continuing to hold through the rest of the year, is something that we expect to be able to generate into 2023.
John Murphy: So, Andrea, thanks. I'll take that. As we said on the earlier, I think it's too early to get into those specifics for next year. I think the way to think about the year ahead is I think it's going to be another year out of our typical algorithm. We continue to build greater visibility around how -- what to expect in the -- particularly in the first half of the year when we'll be looking for that fast start. What each line item of the income statement looks like is -- it's just too early. We'll come back in February with that detail. I think the key takeaway is that as we sit here, we do see a path to generating U.S. dollar EPS growth in 2023. As I said earlier, there's many variables to bring that path to fruition. And we know that top-line driven smart investments and effective management of our cost structure, those thee will deliver. And below the operating income line, as I said, there's a lot that still needs to play out in the next few months to give you a clearer picture on what to expect. And we'll come back in February with that detail.
John Murphy: Thanks for the question. And just to maybe to reiterate, the difference, I think, between the long-term growth algorithm and what may be coming at us over the next year or so, I think it's going to be somewhat out of algorithm, given the various factors that we have discussed on the call and indeed have discussed throughout the year. So at this point in time, I think it is too soon to give you line-by-line guidance. But we continue to see a path to generate U.S. dollar EPS growth in 2023, and that will be -- will need to be driven from the top line. The cost pressures are there. We're very aware of them. We talked about the currency outlook. And so, we still think when you put all the pieces together that we have that path. But we'll have a lot more coming at us over the next three to four months. And in February, can give you a more granular breakdown of how we expect to get there.
James Quincey: Yes. Thanks, Dara. The short answer is yes. We're seeing some changes in consumer behavior. I mean, overall, in the third quarter, consumer remained pretty resilient and elasticities were at the better end of the spectrum. Clearly, there are some changes in consumer behavior going on. We talked last quarter about how we have typically experienced recessions.  In other words, there tends to be a sequence, which is that the consumers back off on some more discretionary, higher ticket items white goods types of things. And then as they -- as the pressure comes on purchasing power, they start to reevaluate the total basket. They tend to squeeze down the basket size per trip and they look in some categories where the equity isn't as strong to perhaps trade down to some private label or smaller packages. And you can clearly see that happening -- beginning to happen in a number of places. It would seem to us that Europe is probably the most obvious example, where, in the at-home channel, you can see some growth in private label across a number of categories. In beverages, you could see it tick up a little in water and juices. You can certainly see the growth of the hard discounters, some channel shifting in Europe. That's very consistent with purchasing power squeeze behavior, some signs of that, too, in the U.S. with the dollar channels. So there's clearly the impact of inflation running ahead of wages is starting to come through now that the summer is over and back to school has happened. Our focus and our confidence in our year-to-go and going into next year is about the momentum we've created in our business over the years and our ability to not just to continue with marketing and innovation, but to leverage all the thinking behind revenue growth management and the price pack promo architectures to maximize affordability, and therefore, accessibility of our categories for those consumers that are under pressure. And, of course, backed by excellence in execution and generating the value for retailers by our system that will help us get through what is likely, in all likelihood, going to be a tighter situation for the next six to 12 months. And if I just come back and close the circle by using the European example, where consumers are under pressure. In the third quarter, the Coke system was the biggest creator of additional retail value for at-home retailers well ahead of the rest of CPG. But we believe we have a strategy that's given us momentum. It will see us through the year to go. It will see us into 2023. It may, as John said, end up with above algorithm pricing and some pressure on volume, but we believe our top line can go forward.
James Quincey: Yes, absolutely. I mean value packs or ensuring affordability for the consumer is one of the core pieces of RGM. It's about extending the price ladder and, in recessionary times, about making sure the entry price point, whether it would be on the larger packs or on the smaller packs becomes as low down in the price spectrum, the actual out-of-pocket as possible. As I talked about in the last answer, one of the recession behavior tends to be to try and reduce the dollar outlay of the basket, and therefore, the price point becomes even more important than the price per liter.  And so around the world, that's absolutely what we're pursuing, whether it's in the U.S., having smaller bottles or smaller multipacks of less cans per multipack; or the example I used, in Japan, where we took the 500 ml and split it into 350 and 700. Of course, around the world in a number of countries, we leverage our capabilities with returnable bottles, given the economics of returnables particularly in the developing markets, that is a way of generating a lower price point because, of course, in effect, you don't pay for the packaging because it comes back again. And so those returnable bottles that we refill are a way of bringing the price points down and keeping the consumer in the category. And so that's -- it's a well-developed skill around the world. The bottlers share a lot of learnings between themselves on how to think about the technology of RGM, and that allows us to leverage it to its maximum, particularly in times like these.
James Quincey: The simple answer, Steve, is we're very dependent on top line momentum. In the sense that we are going to continue, we believe, barring something very unforeseen or at this stage, we believe we're going to continue to invest for the long-term health of the business and that's going to drive top line growth, as it has. I mean, if I -- just for the sake of the argument, if you take the five-year CAGR of revenue through all the ups and downs of COVID and everything, in round numbers, it's trending at 6% compound for the last five years. So preserving and sustaining top line momentum is actually the key starting point. And of course, if there are parts of the world where circumstances do not merit continued high levels of marketing investment and there's reasons to pare back, then as John mentioned earlier, we absolutely will lean on our increased degree of agility and adaptability to make those adjustments in the moment. And similarly, with any SG&A. But the predominant drivers, again, is going to be the top line. We will manage the other elements of the P&L based on the local markets. I don't think it's our expectation that this is going to be like the second quarter of 2020, where everything stoped everywhere at the same time. If there are to be pressures, it's likely that they are spread out over time. So the predominant modus operandi will be leaning to growth, invest in top line growth. And then yes, we expect, at times, different markets to kind of have to, yes, optimize the marketing. But on an overall basis, it's top line momentum driven.
James Quincey: Sure. I mean let's start with Japan. Clearly, in Japan, we're very focused on the marketing and innovation. It tends to be a market that's very driven by engagement with the consumer. Also, importantly in Japan, after perhaps multiple decades of not taking price, we have taken price on large packs in Japan in the third quarter. Actually, in the fourth quarter, we've been taking pricing on immediate consumption packaging in Japan. So I think we're going to see an opportunity to lean a little more on the RGM lever in Japan as we continue to engage with the consumer there. In Western Europe, clearly, the basic strategy of investing in marketing, investing in innovation, leveraging RGM and driving in-store execution and value for retailers has been working in Western Europe. As we go into the winter and going into next year, that's still going to be the push we make. The bottlers have got great momentum in execution. Of course, Europe is where there's more of the developed world inflation. Think commodities plus the devaluation of the euro, so that's feeding through. And so we're likely to have to lean heavier on RGM in Europe in the next 12 months, backed up by the marketing, innovation and execution. And then Latin America, a lot of work over the last number of years with the long-term relationship model. Bottlers there have good momentum. Clearly, it's one of our strongest regions. We lost a little share in the beginning of the year. They're very focused on getting that back, obviously, starting from a high bar. And I think perhaps, overall, it would be worth commenting that, obviously, in COVID, we took a number of what were difficult decisions at the time, slimming down the portfolio, changing the marketing model, changing the organizational model for the company. We've got that done and stood up. And I think now we're reaping the benefits of us being able to drive growth with a more agile organization ourselves, combined with really strong and aligned bottling partners. We've driven growth this year, and we're well set up next year. I mean just to cap it all, we had a global system top to top with a number of the bottlers a few weeks ago, and I think everyone is ready and energized for what's ahead.
James Quincey: Yes, Chris, I think, yes, clearly, it's likely that next year price/mix will run ahead of volume in a similar way it has this year. I mean our long-term growth algorithm has assumed a relative balance between price and mix. Clearly, at the moment, we're in a period where there's more price/mix than there is volume, and that seems that seems likely to continue into next year. It is also true that, this year, there has been some benefit from the channel mix on the reopening. The reopening benefit that was obviously a reopening cost in the previous year in price/mix is now largely done. And so that kind of tailwind won't be there last -- next year. Are all the channels away from home completely reopened? No. But the remaining kind of sliver is either a function of closed outlets or something that's going to take a while to come back. And of course, some of the mobility restrictions in places like China, which I think also won't snap back certainly in the first half of next year. So the away-from-home of price/mix won't be the tailwind next year. And so in that sense, yes, we'll be very much back to it's all about what's the rate and what's the benefit from all the RGM strategies, whether to drive affordability or to offer premium categories or package sizes, and that's what will be the primary driver going into next year.
James Quincey: Sure. Thanks, Carlos. I mean, clearly, this is a feature of particularly the Latin American system. We're using similar models in conversations around the world. They're built on many years of working together collaboratively in Latin America. And then other than some of the features that you mentioned, I think what's really kind of less visible perhaps is its ability to speed up the rate at which actions or decisions and actions are taken by the system. And so it has provided a stimulus to really focusing in on getting to grips with some of the nausea problems and to moving with speed and simplifying the decision-making progress in a whole series of areas, particularly those that have been kind of slower historically.  Some of the stills business models come to mind, particularly as it relates to Latin America. And that will ultimately feed through to, as I said, speed of decision-making, which then needs better marketplace actions, whether that be marketing, innovation, RGM or execution. And I think the system in Latin America is very energized and building on their historic great position and set for further momentum going forward.
James Quincey: Sure. I'm not sure which ones you're putting in the bucket of weaker, but let me do a little walk around some of the emerging markets. We had good results we feel in China for the quarter. I mean we had good growth overall for China, notwithstanding some of the mobility restrictions that came in the whole raft of cities. So China remains a good long-term opportunity. We have a good business there, good bottling partners, and there was some resilience to the business in the quarter. . Just keeping with the Asian theme, India had a knockout quarter. Clearly, they're having a very strong run this year. Lots of growth in India, really powering forward. Very pleased with that. Looking, of course, to extend that into the future. Probably won't be a straight line, but certainly looking to continue to invest strongly in India. The rest of ASEAN, there were some pluses and minuses, but generally positive. If I switch to Africa. Africa, you've heard me talk in the past that it's always a rollercoaster. There was a little bit of rollercoaster in the quarter. But overall, we had good growth in those markets we were focused on. There was growth that was ultimately pretty broad-based, whether that was South Africa or elsewhere. It would be worth noting that this quarter, remember, we made a switch in our franchise partner in a number of territories across Africa. So we brought to a close our relationship with BGI, the Castel Group, in a whole raft of African markets. And some of them we had partners ready to go, and some of them we're still working on it. So there is a transition loss of volume in those ex-BGI territories where we ceased that partnership. And so that weighs on the Africa number. And then as you keep going around the world, obviously, Latin America had a good quarter. And then I think the last one I'm really missing is a bit of Eurasia. And there, we had a pretty decent quarter. We had growth in Turkey, which is an important market to us, and a number of other of the Central Asian markets and the Middle Eastern markets. Obviously, those ones that are -- tend to have resources or oil exporting countries tend to have done better than the heavily oil-importing countries, so the Middle East is better than Egypt. Of course, remember that the EMEA numbers have the dropout of the Russia business.
James Quincey: Yes, sure. Look, super happy with Coke Zero Sugar. We have been investing behind it for a good number of years and have been driving double-digit Coke Zero Sugar volumes for many years in a row. And obviously, that's getting really material, including strong double-digit growth in the U.S. So very pleased with the reformulation update. Of course, we continue to bring new marketing and new innovation to Coke Zero Sugar and it's going to be a big focus of what we drive going forward. On innovation, as it relates to 2023. I mean, yes, there will be a kind of bias shift in the mix of the innovation for 2023. If one of the imperatives remains affordability and to kind of anchor price points, at the low end of the actual dollar outlay, then clearly, package innovation takes a bigger role in that sort of environment, whether it be smaller packages, whether it be the returnable packaging. Big investments going in by the bottling system in returnable packaging to help the affordability strategy. So in a kind of purchasing power pressured year for the consumer, we expect innovation to be slightly heavier on the packaging side, particularly to drive affordability. But of course, that will also have its other side of the coin which is to try and ensure there are some perhaps more premium options for those that still have plenty of disposable income. Not everyone will have exactly the same effect in this period. So likely to see continued push, for example, in the U.S. on small cans or sleek cans to really stretching out the pricing ladder, not just putting all the bets on the affordable end. And we will continue with the brand and the product innovation. I don't know if you went to the NACS. There was a lot of innovation on show the Convenience Store Conference for the North America, there was a lot of innovation on display there, both package and product. And so we will be approaching '23 with a broad innovation agenda, but with some slight weighting to packaging to stretch on the price ladder.
James Quincey: It would be a particularly delusional position to, say, I'm not worried about anything. That would be very weird. But clearly, we have -- it's a competitive industry. There are a lot of good competitors, big and small. So we absolutely worry what they're up to. We always take it from satisfying the consumer and the retailer point of view. We're not chasing the competitors, we're chasing the consumers and the retailers. And certainly, there, we could point to a set of things where competitors have done well, and that calls attention to us to whether we are really doing everything we can to satisfy the consumer or the retailer. I think one obvious example is in sports drinks advanced hydration in the U.S., where this year, our competitors are coming off having a whole series of supply chain challenges last year. And that's -- we had a great year last year, and we've had a not-so-great year this year and we're also obviously in the transition of taking on the BODYARMOR. But the U.S. bottlers are very energized about the BODYARMOR and Powerade plans going forward. A lot of innovation on the brand, on the product, on the packaging setup. So we'll be back. I mean -- but it's -- what guides us is are we satisfying the consumer and the retailer.
James Quincey: Thank you, operator. So just in summary, third quarter results, I think, exemplify how we're executing and winning in the marketplace. It's been driven by the work we've done as a system and the transformation we've undergone over the last few years. We are a more resilient business, and we're committed to delivering long-term value for our shareholders and stakeholders. And thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us this morning.
