James Quincey: Sure, good morning Bryan. Firstly, the whole idea of the in a way the three-legged stool is still absolutely valid and important and just to recap what I meant by that. This is a business that predominantly wins all those, but our focus is on wining in the local marketplaces. We focus on getting the consumers and growing customer value in each and every country and so there is very much a focus on getting that to work and I think over the last few years you've seen accelerated performance of us able to drive the industry grow and capture share within that and that's a starting point of value creation for the Coke company to work on that and making sure the operating margins of how we do that are all the same or better, such that we turn that revenue growth into profit growth at the local level. And then as you said we have in more recent years had a more intense focus on making sure that sum of the parts is more than just the sum of the parts and the lever is necessary to turn that into U.S. dollar EPS earnings after a number of years where currency had eroded that and the EPS had effectively declined. That's still our going in objective. The guidance is where we stand today, it's a really strong operating plan for 2019. I think we are being cautious about the macroeconomics and how that's going to be a little softer than 2018, but a strong plan behind the marketing, the execution and innovation. And absolutely we are reflecting here in our guidance where currency and interest rates and tax sit today which are the three in a way non-controllable factors. There is a long way to the end of the year and they could change markedly. But our focus will remain and our mission will remain to end the year with positive EPS growth. We would be disappointed if it wasn’t positive. But we wanted to share with you where things stand today and we will focus on pulling the levers that we can pull to get to the result that we want.
James Quincey: Sure, yes, we were a little softer in the fourth quarter in North America and I think part of that is we took the medium price increase going into the – or in the middle of the summer and it took a while for it to flow all the way through to the consumers. That's a really – I think it was more fully in the marketplace by the end of the summer and obviously then coming into the fourth quarter. So I think you saw a little of the effect of the price increase more actually in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter when the system was taking it and I think that kind of combined with a little bit of consumer outlook malaise in that period of time, so a little softening of the volume. But then it started to pick up and so we started the year well, this year in terms of North America volume and price mix was also continued to be positive through the back of the year. I know it's only comes through as 2% in the fourth quarter for North America. There remain - this carries with it some of the oddities of which business system was growing because the juice business which is finished goods business where we were rightsizing the packaging and seeing volumes go down, obviously finished goods versus the sparkling which is concentrate and it has that mechanical effect that the faster the sparkling business grows the more it actually affects mix in a negative way, but that does not affect profits and it does not affect the marketplace. So there's a little bit of mix and the freight and all the noise, but let's draw a line because the good news is 2018 has ended. The freight accounting issue is disappeared for 2019. The marketplace pricing is clear and positive going into 2019 and the businesses started with a foot forward and so we are confident we have the right strategy for North America and that we will see the benefits of that strategy flowing more simply and more clearly through the results in 2019.
James Quincey: Sure, my comment about good start to the year was both about North America and globally. We have started the year only six weeks. It's a long year, but the – what is good is it started off well in terms of volume and therefore we see ourselves start the year with a good balance of volume growth and price mix that is very consistent with having a balanced contribution to driving the top line guidance and as I said, North America is good. We have seen to have had a good Chinese New Year. You never quite really know until the end of February, but it seems like it has been a strong Chine New Year. Brazil is looking a little better. Mexico seemed to have started well given some cold weather at the back end of last year. You heard about the European outlook today this morning. So we think we started well, a long year to go, great plans. Also that will need managing no doubt and the volatility, so we baked in what we know today. Clearly there are places where weakness is apparent. Argentina went down quite strongly in the fourth quarter and that's likely to continue in the first half of this year. Turkey, very similarly, some parts of the Middle East. We've baked in what we see and what we believe is likely to be the softening of the global macro outlook and in the countries which are more apparent. Clearly the visibility is more apparent in the first half of the year than the second half. Hopefully the world will turn a little and the second half will improve and that will certainly help us reap even more benefits from our strong plan. But that's kind of where we stand today.
James Quincey: Sure. Well I think at the highest level the story is a simple story. We started off last year, well obviously we had the long term growth model of 4% to 6% on the top line. We've been delivering within that range for the last six quarters. We are being prudent in our outlook for 2019 given the multiple reductions in global economic growth outlook for 2019 and our own experience in some of the emerging and developing markets. I think 4 is a prudent number. We have a strong plan that's backed up by the marketing, the innovation and the execution. So I think we're going to be in great shape on growing, continuing to grow the top line and I think that number will end up being at the higher end of consumer products companies in terms of revenue growth for 2019 in the same way the number for 2018 was at the high end of consumer products companies. You're seeing then the benefits of a lot of our actions over the last number of years in terms of productivity, in terms of our focus on smaller packages, and revenue growth, and innovation, and premiumization of our portfolio such that we are getting operating leverage. Operating leverage is not just driven by productivity, but by better work on the portfolio, and you see that flowing through obviously with some of the tailwinds from the acquisitions and the divestitures. A small piece, so that we're getting excellent leverage from our revenue growth into our operating income growth at the 10% to 11%. Obviously the currency is where it is. That is currencies as they stand today we're not making a forecast as to what the currencies will be by the end of the year. There is a piece of that that we're cycling hedging gains in 2018 as we commented earlier. But the number of the 6 to 7 is as things stand today. How it will stand at the end of the year we will see. And then of course we're losing some leverage from operating income. Finally down to EPS through the higher tax rates which the Fed has taken through the year and through the changes in the tax rates. The interest rates from the Fed and the tax rates, the tax rate is going to be slightly higher in 2019 than it was in ‘18. So that's pretty straightforward. Clearly that's leading to EPS growth. That is not what we aspire to. We're going to focus on controlling what we can control and driving the business. We'll be pulling the levers as I talked about earlier on the call to make sure we focus on our aspirations of turning our winning local plans into growth of dollar EPS. But we want to be prudent in our outlook guidance given the macro environment, despite a strong good momentum winning plan and to put the FX as it stands today. The only thing that is for sure is it will be different tomorrow and we will update it as we go through the year.
James Quincey: Okay, I think it sort of seems all wrapped up in one burst of the same idea. We are committed to growing the earnings of the company. I mean, in simple terms, the earnings of the company are the fuel to pay the dividends of the company and drive the stock price and reinvest back in the business. So without dollar increased earnings of EPS it is not going to be a growth company and therefore we reaffirmed the long term growth model at some of our previous investor presentations, the 4 to 6 on revenue and the growth in EPS. Yes, there'll be years where currency will weigh on it more heavily. We certainly have the aspiration that there will be no negative years. We have said we will not do things that are irrational just to get a positive EPS, but we will focus on trying to pull levers to get there. But as you look out into the future, we absolutely expect to keep focusing on coming back to the long term growth mode. Now, to the question well what happens if the dollar always gets stronger? Well, then that simply put assuming that there still is a global trading system that will export inflation to the other parts of the world. And therefore, if we enter some very long extended period of dollar strengthening then we will logically expect to see higher pricing in other parts of the world that will compensate for some prolonged ongoing strengthening of the dollar. So either way we want to get back to our long term growth model in dollars realized for the shareholders.
James Quincey: Sure. I think that, well firstly, before I jump into the clusters, I think that some of the prudence is being derived from developing and emerging markets, whether it - that be some of the ones like Argentina or Turkey, aforementioned Middle East and some parts of Africa as well. So I think the prudence on the softening is more geographic based than it is cluster based. Having said that, I think we are expecting to see in 2019 continued growth of the sparkling category. We've clearly aimed going into the future to see a strategy that is more price mix than volume in the developed markets and more perhaps volume centered in the developing emerging, so as we look out into 2019 I expect the sparkling business to continue to grow and I think we'll see a little more price mix than volume given some of the things that are happening in the developing markets. As we move through some of the other categories, I mean clearly coffee is going to grow much faster because of the incorporation of posture and as we start to realize that synergy plans. But that's not driving obviously the 4% organic which is like for like so it doesn't include the acquisition in that sense. In terms of tea, we're expecting to do better in tea in 2019 than we did in 2018. 2018 has the kind of base effect of pulling out of the beverage partners worldwide joint venture which where we counted volume but we didn't count revenue, and then obviously that sort of made it very hard to cycle the volume in 2018 but made it easier to get the revenue. As we go into 2019 we expect to see continued growth in tea in Fuse and leverage Gold Peak in the U.S. which should see a bit more balanced growth. In juice will come off the period of the rightsizing of the packaging in North America. And so I think we will see a better performance from the juice business particularly the premium end of the juice business that speculate may be part of the world where we will question some of the juice drinks and the values that they bring. Obviously in aggregate juice will do better because we'll have the incorporation of tea which is a great business in West Africa. But that's not part of the organic growth drivers. And then in hydration we'll be focused on more of the premium parts of hydration whether it be sports drinks, leveraging our partnership with BODYARMOR, driving things like Topo Chico and smartwater or smartwater with its new variants like alkaline. We still may see some backing off of very low value water in some parts of the world. So I think you'll see positive results in the in the different clusters going forward and I think versus 2018 you're likely to see a continued strong picture across the portfolio. I think the places where you would see some, places where we would sacrifice some volume would be the lower value end of water and juice drinks, but otherwise a strong focus across the portfolio and balanced growth.
James Quincey: Sure, look on the Costa thing obviously we managed, the team did a great job in closing the acquisition well ahead of schedule in January rather than April and we're now in the phase of the transition period of really connecting, it in a systems sense and also being able to finally sit down with management and bring together that kind of base underlying growth plan with our views on synergies and acceleration. That's a process that's going to take a little bit of time to work through to really validate all those synergy plans. Once we got to the end of that process of course we'll be able to come out and be more specific about how we see the cost being rolled out against our coffee strategy of driving coffee against the pillars using the stores that we have as the experience, serving as a provider of a total beverage portfolio in foodservice, whether it's beans or machines or the vending, selling the coffee at the at home and of course the potential for ready-to-drink. So that's the strategy remains clear. We're putting more flesh and detail on the bones of the plans as it rolls out. And then of course you know Brexit will be Brexit. I'm not sure anyone knows how it's going to end at this stage. We clearly have contingency plans for this business and for our other businesses in the UK and in the European environment. It's something that will be have to manage through, but it will be, whatever it is going to be, it is likely to only be a short term disruption effect if indeed it ends up in that scenario and we will manage through it.
James Quincey: Sure. Look we grew advertising spend in 2018. We expect to grow our advertising spend in 2019. Of course, we continue to work on how to drive productivity in our non-working marketing investments and to leverage our scale with our advertising partners and with our property. So we're going to continue to invest in advertising. I think it's also worth saying that we are being even more disciplined as we look through the framework of leader, challenger and explorer. Obviously is our leader brands which are the brands that make best use of TV commercial, advertising spend. As we drive the challenges and the explorer brands, there in some other parts of the marketing mix that often become a more predominant element of making them work. And then, if our competitors are going to increase investment, you know what it is going to increase the growth of the categories. Ultimately, if there are more competitors investing, it drives more market growth. We believe that we have strong brands and strong plans. And I think net-net it's going to be overall beneficial to the industry.
James Quincey: Yes, so the 34% target that was outlined is one that was outlined I think at the time to provide guidance to the refranchising process and today we are on track to get to that 34% over the next couple of years. We've had some margin expansion over the last couple of years and there's implied margin expansion in our 2019 numbers. However, given the fact that we have new businesses coming into the mix, I would like to really focus on improving margins across all of our different business segments as we go into 2019, 2020. Maintaining the underlying objective outlined in the 34% margin target, but being a lot more focused on making sure that our core business, our Global Ventures business and our BIG business are delivering margin expansion as they develop their respective portfolios and businesses.
James Quincey: Sure, Robert. Look, I think the simple conclusion is the following. If we just think we can depend on headline rate increases in the absence of other everything else then we're very likely to see high elasticity. And therefore what we've learned and I guess relearned is that it's really important that pricing become part of our strategy. A strategy that starts with the right brands, the investment behind the brands to build equity with the consumers and then to provide the consumers the innovation not just in the brands and the product, but also in the packaging that allows pricing to be taken sometimes with the headline price, sometimes through mix. And there's the sum of all those pieces backed up by good execution that creates the willingness of the customer to go with the plan because it creates more value for the customers in their stores often the beverage industry then grows faster than the average, and so the learning and the relearning it's the complex task of pulling all the pieces together that earns you the opportunity to drive price mix, perhaps ahead of where we had been. And I think that's something that we and the bottling partners have dedicated ourselves to even more over the last number of years, I think it's showing through in some of the headline numbers that you see and we absolutely are going to stick to strategy.
James Quincey: Sure. Well thank you for the feedback on the Brazil business. I'm sure the Brazil team will be pleased with that. They have had a number of years trying very hard to adapt and update the business and bring the affordability and the innovation in line with the marketplace. And I think with the improvements in the macro conditions in Brazil that business is starting to do a lot better and it's a multi-channel business and they distribute the beer only in some of those channels. So that's a work in progress as the relationship with Heineken is a question. And I think as we see the refranchising business or the refranchising strategy, we've largely refranchised the world. We're down to just a small percentage of the volume. It's been very successful whether it was North America, the creation of bottlers like European Partners or the Japan bottler. And so we think that has been very successful. Clearly, we're still working on our beverages Africa, in terms of refranchising started it has obviously been slower than anyone would have liked. I think some of that has been process and macros related. We're still working on that one. And that leaves us obviously with the Southeast Asian set of bottlers. Obviously, we'll be thinking about what's the right strategic direction for that part of the world. But the ongoing, you know curation of refranchising is not refranchising for the sake of franchising. It's in the service of creating a stronger and more energized bottling system that is aligned set of partners with the company to drive our collective business with more growth and with better margins into the future and that takes different forms and places and of course we allocate capital within the process whether it's owning bottlers or having stakes in bottlers. We drive that process with the objective of using capital as and when necessary, sometimes yes, sometimes no, to get the most energized bottling system out there and bringing new partners in. That's an ongoing management as we curate our remaining bottling operations and some of our other investments in bottlers.
