James Quincey: Thank you, Muhtar. Good morning, everyone. So, as Muhtar mentioned, let me spend a few minutes reviewing our 2015 operational performance, before handing the call over to Kathy. In 2015, we delivered our plan for our transition year, despite challenging macroeconomic environments. We gained value share in NARTD, sparkling and still beverages, an important metric for us as we manage the business, especially during periods of slower economic growth and volatility. For the full year, organic growth of revenues was 4% and, importantly, we delivered 2% global price/mix. This was stronger price realization than we have generated in several years, reflecting our segmented revenue growth management strategies and enabled by our increased investments in media. Unit case volume grew 2% for the year. We're pleased with this volume performance, given our focus on improving price realization during a time when consumer spending was pressured in many markets. And I'm also pleased to confirm that globally, we captured over $600 million in productivity, ahead of the target we set for ourselves at the beginning of the year. So structurally-adjusted, comparable currency neutral income before tax grew 6% for the year, as we benefited from the productivity efforts and favorable commodities, although partially offset by our increased media investments. During the year, we saw a slowing environment in China and challenges in several key emerging markets, including Brazil and Russia. This was offset by solid performance in North America and many of our Latin American markets. North America itself delivered its strongest performance in three years, delivering 4% organic revenue growth, with three points of price realization, supported by our increased marketing effort and a disciplined approach to volume, price and mix management. Consistent with this strategic focus, our driving of consumption small packages could be seen across North America. We grew purchase transactions 3%, outpacing the 1% unit case volume growth, as consumers increasingly reached for the mini cans, the smaller PET, the 8-ounce glass bottles, as well as our premium aluminum bottles, all of which drive more value per occasion than our traditional packages. Hopefully, many of you also saw an example of this strategic focus on Sunday night during the Super Bowl, when we aired our latest commercial focusing exclusively on the mini can package. Our performance in 2015 gives us confidence that our strategies are working and that our underlying performance will be within our long-term targets in 2016. However, let me be clear. The global economy remains challenged and is not improving rapidly. We do see slightly better GDP growth rates for 2016 as compared to 2015. But to be fair, forecasts continue to be revised downwards and there is still much uncertainty. Notable are Brazil and Russia continuing to deteriorate, while China's growth rate does also slow, putting pressure across many of the emerging and developing markets. Now, while helpful to consumers, the lower price of oil is also causing volatility in the Middle East and other oil-driven export economies, with further implications for those nations. So, given the erratic nature of the global economy, we will continue to focus on what we can control in order to deliver our plan. We will continue to build on the fundamentals of our strategy for long-term success, while delivering solid revenue growth and strong, underlying operating margin expansion, through the expected continued management of our portfolio, price/mix and productivity efforts. With that, I'm going to hand off to Kathy, who will give you additional details on North American productivity programs, and walk through the 2016 outlook.
James Quincey: Yeah, Bonnie, let me just add one thought to what Muhtar has laid out there on we've been fixing and building. And we're finding the right partners. I mean, a simple way of looking at why it's working is there's just more people coming to the table saying, we want to be partners. Our existing partners want more territories. And new people who aren't in the system want to get into the system. So they're seeing that we've fixed the business and we've built momentum. And so, there's a lot of heightened interest in being part of a growing Coke system, particularly in North America.
James Quincey: Yeah. Thanks, Muhtar. So, Dara, let me just give you a quick run round the world, in terms of share. I mean, firstly, on an overall global basis, perhaps consistent with our strong fourth quarter, we gained a little more share in the fourth quarter than we had in the whole year, so a better performance at the tail end. And in terms of how that played out across the world, you see, again, in line with the volume performance, strong results in North America. We gained share in sparkling. We gained share in stills, and we gained share overall in the quarter and in the year, so good momentum in North America coming through in share. In Europe, we're gaining share in sparkling and in stills. Given our different starting points, that's netting out to kind of being flat overall, but we got a strong growth in Europe as we build our stills business. Latin America, this is a long-term track record of success, so small gains there, building on a long history of building a great position. Eurasia, despite some of the volatility in that part of the world, we gained share in both sparkling and stills and overall, pretty strong momentum there, in terms of share. And then in Asia Pacific, we've focused more on re-staging and re-energizing the sparkling business, where we're gaining share. We lost a little bit in stills and overall flat. So I think wherever you look round the world, we're largely flat to gaining. And so, and consistent with our volume growth, which is broad-based and across the world, we're also largely winning across the world. So in terms of – which one do you want me to do, marketing payback? So I think what you're seeing is, there is results from the marketing payback. I mean, our organic revenue growth in 2015 was better than 2014. We're guiding for a good number that's ahead of 2015, in 2016. So, we see the marketing payout beginning to build the momentum globally. And I think if you doubled-down on that one and look under that, North America was one of the first places we started with the incremental marketing and that's self-evidently building momentum. So, we see the underlying business results coming through in revenue, very much tied to where the extra media money is going. And then in terms of macro outlook and risk to top-line, I think we feel that we got underlying structural momentum in the business. Now, when I said we're planning on the macros slightly better in 2016, and I really do mean slightly, and I wouldn't be surprised if that was the same growth rate in 2015, but we think we have the right portfolio and the right optionality to be able to deliver our financial numbers in that environment.
James Quincey: Yeah, thanks, Muhtar. I think firstly, it's important to remember, starting with Europe, that our price positioning in Europe, we have, over time, substantially taken a lot of rate and mix in Europe, such that we are more premium priced compared to our competitors than we are in North America, so less runway in that sense. Now, having said that, we continue to focus on smaller packages, more premium offerings in terms of the brand portfolio, such that despite what is a pretty deflationary retail environment in a number of Western European markets, we're getting price/mix in Europe, both in the quarter and for the full year. So I think going out, one should not expect the same sort of levels the U.S. has been able to develop, especially given the macro environment in Europe at the moment. In terms of Japan, we're very focused on rebuilding our ability to get positive price/mix in Japan. We've recently been able to get some, again, very focused on leveraging both packaging options and the brand portfolio to reshape it to allow us to drive positive mix. Again, I don't think you will see, in Japan, the same sorts of levels as the U.S., as much as anything to do with the deflationary pressures in Japan. But we are starting to see chances of a better pricing environment in Japan.
James Quincey: Sure. A, let me start with the price/mix in Asia Pacific. I think the most important thing to note here is because the different geographies in the Asia Pacific group have some quite different pricing and concentrate shipments can be lumpy, you do get some erratic price/mix numbers on a quarterly basis. And that's exactly what you're seeing in the fourth quarter in Asia Pacific. So there were more shipments to somewhere like India than Japan. You can actually see the flip side of this in the Eurasia group, where we got very strong price/mix in the fourth quarter, which was the flip side. We had more shipments to places like South Africa than the Middle East. So this is all about country mix. I think it's important for particularly those two groups, Asia Pacific and Eurasia, to look at some longer-term four quarter trend line on price/mix, given the very impactful country mix issue and the lumpiness of concentrate shipments. So that's the key thing there. And then in terms of China, clearly not as much as we would have liked to have grown in China in the first quarter; I think that the environment in China is pretty clearly having slowed down, but we think we had a strong momentum over the last couple of years coming back into China. We're looking to do better in 2016, but we don't actually provide country-based forecasts. What I would say, however, is we're continuing to do very strongly in terms of share, particularly in sparkling, as we've re-energized that business.
James Quincey: Sure. Look, I think our aspiration is to have both of them growing, both bottling and stills, and that's what we achieved in the fourth quarter and in the full year of 2015. Now, I think in a total portfolio sense, much as in the same way has happened over the last decade or so, we've gone from about 10% of the portfolio being stills to roughly 25% of the portfolio being stills. I think mathematically, the stills will grow as a percent of the total portfolio. And I would note, as Muhtar commented earlier, I think we need to break out the stills and not just look at them as one thing, but look at them in terms of their individual categories. And we gained share in packaged water. We gained share in juice and juice drinks. We gained share in energy, and we gained share in ready-to-drink tea. So we think we can do well in each of the categories that represent non-alcoholic ready-to-drink. And in particular, we can still grow sparkling. And that growth of sparkling into the future is not just in aggregate, but I think over the long-term, we'll see increased growth of low, no and reduced calorie variants. I know that's not the case yet in the North America, but globally in our international business, those drinks outgrow the regular drinks within sparkling and they're fueling our growth, so broad-based growth.
James Quincey: Ali, it's James here. Look, I think in the U.S. business, we did reasonably well in growing Coke Zero. We're getting Coke Zero back to flat, and there's still a decline in Diet Coke. I think the bigger picture is in the 80% of our business which is the international business, the diets and lights and Coke Zeros outgrew Coke Classic, and so we're seeing broad-based growth outside the U.S. of those Coca-Cola variants, and that's what gives us the belief that in the long-term, we will be able to turn around the business also in the U.S.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Yeah. Thanks, Bill. Ever since I took over as CEO, I have always emphasized the importance of our franchise model. And one of my clear priorities was to accelerate growth in our biggest profit pool, the United States. And we bought the business of CCE, U.S. operations with that goal in mind. So when you think about it now, we've been able to prove to ourselves that we can accelerate the business in North America. We've had the best year in 2015, and you saw the results from the quarter. And these results show that our strategic focus on driving consumption of smaller package sizes is continuing to pay off. Transactions are growing. Price/mix is healthy. And so we're bringing those two things together, both the goal of going back, returning to our core model, which we've always emphasized, even the first time we announced the purchase of CCE's U.S. operations, we said there will be a role for partnerships going forward as soon as we can put some things right. We have got the three legs of the stool in place, the customer governance, production governance, and the IT platforms. And so we feel very confident. We have proven to ourselves that we can do it and we feel very confident that this is the time. The new model is established. Bottler performance is improving. We have a new structure to last us the next number of decades. And we're putting our bottlers in the right hands. As Kathy said, the bottlers are very healthy and thanks to the great leadership and capability of our Bottling Investments Group. And so, yes, we are now going to the core and this is the time. And we feel very confident that we can do the two things together, accelerate momentum and bring the franchising to a bookend that really, we feel, is going to be very beneficial both to our company, our shareowners, as well as to leading to better customer service and better value creation on the bottler side. So it's really a win-win from all those perspectives, Bill.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Sure, Bonnie. I'll say a few words and then I'll let Kathy and James comment, too. But I'll say that certainly, we have the proof points in the United States. Our Chinese business, for example, also has great momentum, gaining share and growing in that difficult environment, if you look at the quarter, if you look at the full year results. And the capability that has been put into place in all our expanding bottlers, everywhere, is really giving us the confidence. And also just look at the momentum of the business. Our revenue growth was a priority. We got it up to the 4% to 5% range. And the increased marketing is working, clearly, and now better marketing was even going to enhance that. And at the same time, we feel that every time the territory has transitioned, it's actually continued to do well, continued to gain share, continued to drive momentum, continued to drive incremental transactions. And from that, any of the territories in the last four, five quarters that have been transitioned, we have seen, without exception, that to be holding true. And if you look at all these bottlers that we're refranchising, look at the results. Look at the performance of our German bottler. It really has the greatest momentum in the continent of Europe right now. So all of these bottlers are going in to a system, to a structure, to an architecture, to a geography that will continue to do even better when you combine it and when you create the synergies with the combination. And so, we feel confident. And then, what took a little while to get right was the governance model around production in the United States, the governance model around the IT platform, the governance model around the customer service. All of those are in place and working well. So, I'll just hand over to James to add some flavor to that in more details, and then Kathy can comment also on your questions related to the financial aspect of cash.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Thanks, Dara. As I mentioned, we're pleased with our market share performance, value share gains across the world, and I'll let James highlight some details on that.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: We've been hoping that they can find additional areas, Bryan, to even increase that going forward. Part of the whole plan around the production governance is also to ensure that we can actually lever and pull more synergies out of our production system in the entire sort of template of North America production. So, yes, the answer is a definite yes.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Well, Ali, let me start with the last. First, when we announced the acquisition of CCE, it was, essentially, kind of a 25-year-old problem, and we said it would take a while to basically course correct. The level of investment was not where it was needed, and also the level of customer service was not where it was needed. And, essentially, we believe that having more than just one bottler essentially having that big a territory was a better way. Scalable size bottlers, right ownership values, right structure and right capability, and that's what we have today in North America. And so, we feel very good that this is a model that is going to stay where it is and continue to add value. It's not going to require any further – all of the time, there will be tweaking necessary, but not the scale that was needed when we did the transaction back at the end of 2010. And so, that was a core decision that was needed. That was a major surgery that was needed, and that's really what took place. As far as the juice business is concerned, as I said before, it's an integrated business. It basically performs well as an integrated business, similar to other juice businesses that we have around the world. It's a very different model. It's a very different production. It's a very different – grove to table model, and requires a different way in terms of its distribution, especially when it is chilled. And that's really where a lot of the growth is and value-added dairy. And that's what you see, whether it's in fairlife, or that's what you see, whether it's in juice. And it's a very distinct production model, very different, as well as hot-fill is also the same, so same with Innocent in Europe, the same with many parts of the world. And so, Jugos Del Valle is also very similar in terms of the way it's produced, and that is just a needed aspect for success and for performance in the hot-fill and juice business, very different. Now, to your other question related to dilution from franchising, maybe I'll pass it over to Kathy.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Yeah. And our long-term outlook, just to add, for the industry, remains very positive, Ali. Our system is extremely well-positioned to take advantage of this. We're going to be a much more focused company. We're going to be building brands, leading the system, and driving new growth platforms. So, our core business will have attractive growth going forward, in terms of ROIC, free cash flow and so forth. And so we're very confident and very excited about where the company is going, from that aspect.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Yeah, just finally add on that, Ali, also with our recently-announced One Brand approach to marketing trademark Coke, we're extending the strong brand equity of Coca-Cola across the trademark to offer consumers more choice and to also better promote our great-tasting diet and light portfolio, which is going to, no question, help. So I think that's going to also help us with the stability that is the target. So I'll just leave it at that.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Thanks, James, Kathy, and Tim. So in summary, we delivered the plan that we laid out at the beginning of last year. And we made significant progress against our five strategic initiatives that we laid out. Importantly, our progress against these initiatives is leading to improving performance, even in a very challenging macro environment. And we are evolving and strengthening our global bottling system as we accelerate refranchising and return to a predominantly cost rate-driven model with significantly higher margins and returns. The long-term dynamics of our industry remain promising, and we absolutely believe that The Coca-Cola Company is best-positioned to capture that growth in non-alcoholic beverages and to deliver long-term value to our shareowners. And, as always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company, and for joining us this morning.
Kathy N. Waller: Okay. Then, Bonnie, I think the next part of your question, you asked about the incremental dilution and the impact of that. I can help you with the impact of that. So for 2016, we gave you the impact. And then for 2017, we are doing several things, because we know you all have lots of questions about 2017. So we are going to provide revised operating segment financial information later in the quarter. And then at CAGNY, we're going to give you a look at kind of what to anticipate the business will look like after everything is finished in 2018, because the actual dilution kind of depends really on the timing of these transactions.
Kathy N. Waller: And so the best way we can give you some indication of that is really to kind of help you understand what our business will look like when everything is said and done in 2018 and beyond, which is what we're going to try to do at CAGNY. So I would ask you just hold off on that, and more to come on that. And then on the question about cash, so the cash will basically go into basically our capital structure and be part of just our normal mix. And at this point, no board level decisions have been made, so we anticipate that these proceeds will be used to strengthen our balance sheet.
Kathy N. Waller: Okay. So, for 2017, Dara, we are also fully hedged on our major currencies. So, obviously, the emerging market currencies are the ones where you can't really hedge more than a quarter or so out. So, obviously, we have done nothing on the emerging market currencies. But on the hard currencies, we are hedged at rates slightly worse than in 2016. So there will be a slight impact, but I wouldn't think it would be terribly significant.
Kathy N. Waller: Sure, John. So the gross margins in fourth quarter impacted by the six fewer days, and the currency and then the structural impact. So, if you take all of that out, basically, we had good gross margin expansion in the fourth quarter and for the full year. What was the second question? So, the balance sheet, basically, as we've got so much cash that's outside of the United States, we are taking a little bit more of a conservative approach with our balance sheet. And it was just more prudent to manage with the longer-term maturities than with short-term maturities. So, we still have a robust portfolio of commercial paper. So we're just kind of balancing that out differently.
Kathy N. Waller: I think we're expecting much more interest expense, given the rate changes. But also, the longer-term maturities are also causing more interest expense.
Kathy N. Waller: Certainly. So we will lose about $500 million of productivity, primarily out of cost of goods sold. But, again, we committed to making up that lost amount and we're going to make it up between cost of goods sold, operating expenses, and DME.
Kathy N. Waller: Well, we always said we were going to continue to look for additional productivity opportunities, and so we have done just that. And we've learned a lot about our costs as we have continued the programs, the ZBW as well as other cost optimization programs. So basically, we've looked end-to-end and we saw additional opportunity and we're going to take it.
Kathy N. Waller: Okay. Then on your question of 4% to 5% organic growth, volume versus price/mix, so we expect that to be balanced, volume versus the price. So as you know, we have the strategy where we now focused more on net revenues. And as we are segmenting our markets and we're focused on price realization, so we do anticipate that strategy will continue and that will achieve a balance between both volume and price. As advertising and promotions, in 2014, we announced this program. We said $800 million to $1 billion that we would invest. We are still going to invest, continue to invest behind our brands on that program, although we're also going to start investing in R&D. So basically, we're still on our program that we announced back in 2014, so you will continue to see investment in marketing kind of slightly above gross profits.
Kathy N. Waller: Certainly. So we've given you guidance for 2016. 2017, it totally depends on timing. So, we plan to give you more information to help with that, with your modeling, between CAGNY, and what we will give you before the end of the quarter, but it's all based on timing. In 2018, you asked when we would grow out of this. We plan to complete the program by the end of 2017. So, 2018, we are out of it.
Kathy N. Waller: So in, basically, so 2018, obviously, there will be some dilution effect because the base hasn't been totally adjusted by that time. But once we get the base adjusted, short of other structural impacts, which will not be North America refranchising obviously, but short of other structural impacts, we will have "gone through that refranchising impact." Now, we do have some residual costs that will come out, as I said, throughout 2016, 2017, and there will be a little bit left in 2018, that certainly by mid to late 2018, even the residual costs will be gone. So I think once the base is reset, short of other types of structural impacts, we will have transitioned through that.
