James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. Thanks, Muhtar. So, Nik, I think particularly, as your question seemed more U.S. oriented, in the end this is an and answer. Our objective is not to run from one side of the ship to the other. This is an and answer. We need the company and the bottlers individually and collectively to make both work, and I think the U.S. is an example where we have a vibrantly growing revenue line for sparkling and a vibrantly growing revenue line for the other categories. We're engaging the consumers. We're improving our execution. So I think it's about growth. It's about expanding and responding to consumer and customer needs, and I think we have demonstrated over the last number of years that we can vibrantly grow both. And that is absolutely our strategy going forward. And that'll be good for us, and it'll be good for the bottlers.
James Quincey - The Coca: Thanks, Dara. And I'll probably go with the M&A and then the portfolio question. Obviously we're not going to comment on our outlook on likely M&A. I think we've said three things related to M&A in the past, and I would reunderline them. One, anything we do needs to fit strategically in where we're trying to go. Secondly, it needs to be financially attractive, and that's not always the case. And third, there is some degree of opportunism, because it takes two to tango. You need not just a willing acquirer, you need a willing seller. So I think whilst we have an ongoing view of what assets are out there, small, medium and large that are attractive to us, of course that is something that is not predictable in time. So whilst we imagine we will continue to do bolt-on acquisitions, everything else is not – you can't predicate your strategy necessarily on that. So we focus on driving what we can organically. We have taken the rest of the portfolio, outside of sparkling, from a single digit piece of our business at the turn of – when 10, 15 years ago to over a quarter of the business. Of course, we would love to increase the run rate at which we broaden our portfolio, and we will certainly seeking to do so. But the law of big numbers is also true. It's not going to magically change overnight. We need to build winning propositions with the consumers, with the customers, and build the physical infrastructure that economically makes that happen in a profitable way. So yes, more acceleration outside of sparkling. While, and I turn to the answer to the previous question, it's an and (30:13), continuing to grow the revenue of the sparkling category, and therefore we will consecutively broaden out where we get to. At some point, will it be more balanced? Absolutely. Will it be broader? Absolutely. But we will look to do the right things at the right pace.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. I'm not sure that obeys the dynamic of one question at a time, but I'll give it a go and cover off some of those pieces. On the categories and balancing, of course, as we push into new brands or new categories in new countries, there is an investment curve as you build the brand. But this needs to be a managed portfolio. I mean one – the fact that a new brand is being launched in country X doesn't mean it's not already developed in country Y. And therefore it's already profitable and generating cash. So we need to manage the total portfolio effect, which is not just across categories, but across the life stage development of any one brand and category across the world, because they're not equally developed everywhere. So there's a portfolio management thing. Of course our objective, whatever the category, is to build brands and positions that are inherently profitable once we get to the appropriate scale. So we're not trying to build things that will never arrive. We're trying to build brands and categories whether it's inherent in the brand or inherent in the package size that can be profitable for us and the bottling system. In terms of the leadership appointments and how the work will be impacted. I mean we've done a number of things. I mean a lot of the impact on the work is, it's the nexus of we're about to enter the post refranchising stage. So we're going to go from well over 100,000 employees to under 40,000 employees by some point next year. There is just physically less stuff that needs to get done at the corporate center to support that organization. Secondly, technology keeps advancing. And what is possible to anticipate and get done using technology and change the way work can be done is a lot more today than it was a number of years ago. We need to embed that in the organization. And then the third thing is the ongoing effort to find new ways of doing the same thing with less resources, or getting more bang for the buck, because we can be innovative in the way we run our processes. So that goes across each of the corporate functions, including the enabling transactions based services. And there's a plan in each place. Now as it relates to Francisco and that organization. I think one of the – the two points that I base our logic to. The first one is, if our principal operating model is local and geographic because it's a franchise system. I mean you've got to choose one principal avenue to organize against. Anything you organize against will have its blind spot, and then you can mitigate against that. So one of the roles of Francisco's group is to provide the global perspective and the category perspective, because it's the inverse. It's a thing that some of the field might miss. So that's part of why the corporate center exists. The second reason to bring all the pieces together is as brands and experiences are created today and into the future, it's less cleanly delineated between a TV ad or a customer program or anything else. There's a much greater intersection and integration of how to engage your consumers and shoppers. And therefore bringing together in one group the classical marketing pieces with the customer piece, with the commercial piece and with the strategy, underpinned with a digital engagement, is what can allow us to more seamlessly operate in this new environment.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. So I think the changes are structural and strategic. We need to reset the price pack architecture. We're going to use more returnables. That's an infrastructure and investment challenge. So we're resetting. It's worth remembering that the contraction in the Brazilian economy – it's contracted more in the last few years than it contracted in the last decade of the 1980s, and more than it contracted in the depression in the 1920s last century. So Brazil has undergone a major economic contraction. So we're resetting what we're doing in Brazil around pack price architecture, how we go to the market and how we push that forward. So it will take some time to get it in place, and also, frankly, the stabilization of the Brazilian economy will continue to take time. Now, the other thing impacting the Latin America numbers, it's worth underlining that it doesn't always hit everyone's radar screen, is Venezuela. And Venezuela is substantially negative in the first quarter, and I think that really is macroeconomic. It's not about resetting our business. It's about the country is in the state it's in. But the Brazilian thing, just to summarize – the changes are strategic. They'll take some time. We expect that to play through this year.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. So starting with the additional $800 million, the driver of the change, the principal driver, is the reorganization of the corporate center, the 1,200 positions I talked about. That's the majority of the $800 million, or a little over half the $800 million. Then there's some parts in cost of goods and a little bit in marketing. So the majority is in operating expense and in the reorganization of the corporate organization that I just talked about. So that's what's driving it, and it's about the three things I've said. It's anticipating post refranchising, it's the impact of technology and it's the choices on what work we do and doing the work differently. That's what's driving the extra $800 million. Now, the comment around reinvesting half was related to the $800 million very specifically. So that's that one. Obviously, we've seen some margin expansion. Implicit in our guidance this year already is some dropping of the base productivity program through into margin because you'll calculate that the revenue currency-neutral structural is at the three, and whether you take operating income is substantially higher than that. And then obviously that's offset by some negative financing leverage. So 2014, 2015 and 2016, I think you're largely right. In 2017 you're seeing much more drop into operating leverage, and the comment is about the $800 million going forward. A little over half is reinvested. As it relates to refranchising, we still believe we can meet the deadline and get the U.S. refranchised this year. Of course, we're not going to do the wrong deals for the sake of hitting a date, but we think the right deals are possible. And we think that we're still on track with that plan, and as you say, we're seeing benefits in the refranchised territories. I'm not sure I would give a specific number that can be kind of inserted over the top on everything else, but clearly the idea of reorienting and rebuilding the U.S. system so that it's stronger, putting in place the different pieces, the manufacturing, the governance, the IT, the way the system works, support our long-term strategy of rational pricing and some growth for continued revenue growth in U.S. is underpinned by the success of the refranchisings in the U.S. And obviously we closed out on the 1 of April China and the merger of the Japanese bottlers.
James Quincey - The Coca: So firstly, Laurent, I hate to disappoint you, but we're not going to be disclosing the starting point or breakdown the geographic groups as well by cluster and have all of that laid out. The goals by cluster – clearly, we have goals by cluster. The more they move from sparkling, the more they move from the things we've been building over the last 15 years, the faster we expect the percentage growth rate, but in absolutes, it is worth remembering that sparkling still in absolute terms provides the greatest incremental amount of revenue to the corporation of any one category. As I said, just let me make a detailed point that growth obviously – we're not moving to an operating model where we're having global category P&Ls and running the business through global category P&Ls. The operating model is to run the business locally, to drive local entrepreneurship and empowerment of the operating unit. But to use the growth opportunity setup to be strategic to make sure that we stay connected to what's happening when you take a top down perspective or a categories perspective and have the rights and some authority on bringing those insights and those needs and those initiatives to the table so that when we as a corporation – we're not going to try and run everything for the operating units, but we will make a few strategic bets. And some of those will be driven from the cluster approach.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. Good morning, Judy. So I think that the principal difference on the reinvestment of the half of the $800 million is up to now, I would say the majority of what we've done has gone into the sparkling category business around the world. I think here the clear intent is that this is more directed to some of the newer categories, or some of the other categories to drive growth there. So it is principally orientated around growth of the other categories. That's the headline answer there. Then in terms of the North American sparkling pricing. As you say, as we call that, that's principally timing and it's really related to the different channels. The price, the – obviously we have a large fountain operation which we run directly in North America, and so the timing of gallon shipments, whether they go through the bottlers or through the fountain business, can move the average price mix by North America. And it's the timing around those gallons that has created that unusually lower 1%, and that's the majority of the difference between what we would expect to happen on sparkling pricing and what actually you see in the first quarter in North America, and that should correct itself.
James Quincey - The Coca: Yes. Look, I don't think I would say this is a kind of a night and day change for us. Look, we've been on a journey to expand our portfolio. I think this is about making a commitment to press further and faster and make the full psychological journey to. This is about a full set of categories and responding to the consumer, not a central portfolio with some periphery. We're making good progress with the Coca-Cola European partners. Obviously there we did a lot of planning last year at the setup of the new bottler and its integration and the plans for the marketplace. I think you've seen a number of actions, whether it's the rolling out of smartwater, the launch of Honest Tea, where we've taken some proactive steps with them in different categories. But also I would underline we've been very proactive with European partners on Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, which drove a lot of growth in GB in this quarter. So we've got a great new bottler that's been stood up. We're broadening the portfolio. We're taking action across more categories, and I think that's part of the future. Now, would I say that's the one place to look at? No. I think if you look at the U.S. or Japan, to take two other examples, you see a broader portfolio, and us continuing to invest and expand across categories and even within categories, re-segmenting each category for multiple different reasons to drive value growth for ourselves, the bottlers and collectively as a system.
James Quincey - The Coca: Morning, Kevin. I'll go in reverse order. The incentive structure is balanced between the top line and the bottom line today. Having said that, we're going to take this year to have a fundamental relook at our total compensation approach. That may result in no changes whatsoever. We may end up going, no, there's no perfect solution, and the one we've got is the right one. Or we may make some tweaks. That is yet to be determined. But it is worth noting the incentives are half top line, effectively, and half bottom line. In terms of the tangible benefits we're obviously not going to provide guidance for 2018 and 2019 and beyond at this stage. Having said that, we've been pretty clear that we want to be in a long-term growth model in terms of the top line and have some leverage within that. So to the extent that we've guided for 3% this year, we would be disappointed if the opportunities in the marketplace and the macros offered us an opportunity to get back into our range, and we did not achieve it.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. We've been steadily learning and getting better at zero-based work over the last number of years. I think we've been getting better at doing less one-off events that then don't necessarily always stick. And getting much better at making it part of our discipline of going, how do we use the resources available to the best means possible to get the results we're after? So I think that's been a steady organizational learning process that's been going on. And the latest changes are just another iteration. The $800 million is another iteration of that. Every year we look at it. At the back end of last year we looked at the strategy evolution coming up, imagining the post-refranchised world, the impact of technology. And we just considered what we could do and how we could do things differently, and that's reflected in the strategy. And as part of the strategy it's reflected in the organizational changes we are making and the increased productivity savings. We will continue to run the zero-based work process, and be clear that the efficient use of resources is one of the ways to drive the top line and to enable long term value creation.
James Quincey - The Coca: Well, on M&A we have a track record of doing bolt-on acquisitions over the years. I think there should be a reasonable expectation that they will continue at some sort of similar rate. Larger opportunities I think obey the logic of they have to be strategic, they have to be financially viable and they have to be available. As and when things meet those three criteria, we will look harder at them and that's as much as I can say at this stage. In terms of retailers in the U.S. Look, I think they are looking, they have their – each one has their own strategies, their own positions slightly differently, so I don't think one can look at them in an aggregate and say they're all trying to do the same thing. I think pricing rationalization is certainly our strategy. We're engaged with customers in, you know, how it fits their strategies, each one individually. And largely I would say that you know, we're finding how to create value together. Are there risks that for comparative reasons by customers or competitive reasons by our competitors, something happens in some quarters to knock that off course. Yes. But that risk has existed, and still exists. But we're clear on where we're trying to get to.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. I think, look, in – we talked at CAGNY, we have about a 50% share of the sparkling category, and of all the other categories we're somewhere between a 10% and 15% share on a global basis. But even that's a very average number. You know, you can go to some parts of the world and we are clear market leaders, at the same sort of share levels that we have in sparkling, and other parts of the world, we are not present. So there's not a short answer, except to say that we have – we are going through, and have gone through, and always update the process of looking at where are the next stages of growth both bottom up, each country going, look, I think I need to go to grow out this category or that category. And top down, both a global view and the category view saying look, if we want to progress, actually, we think we need to push out smartwater into more countries or tea, for example, Honest Tea into more countries and that's the intersection of the global growth perspective and the country perspective. And then evolution of profitability in juice. Probably depends whether we built the business through bolt-on acquisitions or whether we did it from scratch. Either way, the evolution is as you'd expect, as we build a good either leadership position or a close number two, we tend to come into a much more attractive profitability status which is why if we have small positions in categories, we've either got to get up or have a clear path to leadership or a some number two, or not over invest because being sub scale is not a part of profitability.
James Quincey - The Coca: Thank you, operator. Thank you, Kathy, Tim, and thank you Muhtar for your leadership over the past nine years for the solid foundation created under your watch. I look forward to continuing our partnership as you remain Chairman of the board. We've already been on a transformational journey under Muhtar's leadership over the last few years as we completely reshape our bottling system. Jump started growth in our flagship North American markets. Increased productivity and launched hundreds of new brands and products. Even so, we know there is more we can and must do. We led a clear path to transform the company to be bigger than our past, to be a company that is bigger than just the Coca-Cola brand, to be a total beverage company that is well-positioned across a wide range of beverage categories, and we are successfully beginning to execute that plan. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us this morning.
