Kathy N. Waller: Yeah, want me to start? So, yeah, so the actual write-down was a function of the impairment indicators. So for accounting purposes, we have to look at all of our investments. And we do that at a certain time of year. And based upon the indicators, what happened with the macro environment, and particularly the currency devaluation in South Africa, drove us to have an impairment that we had to write down, basically. And it's not a function of trying to change the price to sell in the future. It's merely an accounting impairment.
Kathy N. Waller: Certainly. So, yes, there's the tax benefit for this year. And given that the structural is slightly worse than we said at the beginning of the year, and then, frankly, currency is worse than we said at the beginning of the year. We are going to stick to our 8% to 10% guidance.
Kathy N. Waller: So on commodities, pressure on input costs, yes, we are seeing that primarily in North America, given the structure of the businesses there, the foodservice business as well as our Minute Maid business and in our BIG segment, is where we will primarily see that pressure from commodities. For the fourth quarter, we anticipate it to be much in line with like we have seen year-to-date, with freight pressure continuing for North America into the fourth quarter. Basically, we have hedges on our primary input costs, input commodities, but I don't anticipate the fourth quarter to be significantly different from what we've seen year-to-date.
James Quincey - The Coca: Yeah, and I'm not sure that that radically changes how we're thinking about structuring the deal. We've got a number of conversations ongoing with different parties about how we might create a stronger system in South and East Africa. If you invest in the emerging markets, you don't always expect a straight line. And that's kind of what's come through in the impairment driven by the macros, and as we've adapted to the sugar tax in the second quarter. But our view of the long-term attractiveness of Africa, or the youngest billion, remains undimmed. And we think it's a very exciting asset. And so we're working with different parties on potential setups.
James Quincey - The Coca: Well, that is indeed a broad question. I think, firstly, it would be fair to recognize that the system is benefiting from the experiments and the things we've been doing over the last 10-plus years around the world to try and expand into a number of other categories. So we've been experimenting and learning and identifying what's good practice and what's not so good practice for a good number of years now. And you're seeing that base of knowledge and expertise growing, that's allowing us to have a foundation to move faster. Clearly, the end of the refranchising process and having a kind of a clear partnership network with well-funded partners who want to invest and want to win in the marketplace, combined with a greater degree of organizational clarity and focus on empowerment and accountability and getting things done on the company side, whether that be the marketing, the innovation, the M&A, whichever piece of the puzzle is required, has clearly helped. And then, I think the Global Ventures is another step in that direction. We've had acquisitions in parts of the world. We've had venturing emerging brands units in different parts of the world. What we've not been so successful at is tying that together across regions, across the groups, if you like, and I think that's what this represents in terms of the Global Ventures. So rather than letting something be successful in one group and it taking forever to get to another group, this unit here will be there to help push and drive the agenda for greater speed going forward. At the end of the day, how do we get faster? We get faster not just because of all those things, but because there are exciting, interesting, financially-attractive opportunities that the system can capture. The relative economics and the capital needed differ by category. They differ depending on the starting point of the different systems in the different part of the world, what's already been built. And, of course, what we've learned over the years with our partners is how to move quickly to a place where it's attractive for everyone. At the end of the day, if it's not attractive for everyone, it's not going to go very far, and that's us, our bottling partners and, ultimately, the customers and down to the end consumer. So, it just needs to be organized, so the incentives are clear and attractive.
James Quincey - The Coca: Yeah. Kind of in reverse order; it's a little early to provide FX guidance for 2019. But I think that, look, when you stand back, clearly, there are some emerging markets that got better. If we'd been talking two, three years ago, we were having a tougher time in China, Brazil, recently India. But those have all improved over the last 6 to 12 months. And we have good growth in all of them, including Brazil. But in the meantime, it's got tougher in a number, whether that's Argentina, Turkey, South Africa and the Middle East. So I think there's clearly some additional volatility in the emerging markets. I think you can see that in the GDP numbers. You can see that in the GDP forecasts. At least the IMF and some of the others are coming and going, oh, okay, it's getting a little softer. And I think that's representative of the U.S. dollar's strength in recent months. Exactly what the path forward would be is hard to predict exactly at this point in time. We're clearly moving to a slightly different phase in the economic recovery, and I think that will bring some ups and downs. But net-net, we've got a portfolio across 200-plus countries. We're seeing growth in the developed, in the developing, in the sum of the emerging. And at the end of the day, we could do a lot of crystal ball gazing, but what's really important is we focus on what we can do, on what we can control, which is about staying close to the consumer, understanding what drinks and packages they want, working with our customers to work out how to create value for them, provide the right marketing and the right innovations, so the system can execute with excellence, and that will deliver us a winning formula in good days and in bad days.
James Quincey - The Coca: Well, I think that's a simple one. We don't have any plans at this stage to get into this space. So that's kind of where we are.
James Quincey - The Coca: Yeah. I think, clearly, there are some mechanical parts to the P&L as we sell some of the bottling and refranchising has come to a close. But we have been pursuing a steadfast strategy of reinvesting in our business for a number of years. And so I think there's no big discontinuity happening or seen out there at this stage. So I think the marketing spend, I think is producing good results. We are winning in the marketplace. We're growing the soft drink category in revenue and volume. The Coke Trademark's growing. Coke Zero Sugar's growing. We're seeing the sales and volume and transaction uplifts, engagements by the consumers with the brands, so we think we're in a good place in terms of what are marketing is delivering for us. So leaving aside the mechanical effects of refranchising to the P&L and the percentage of DME, then I think it's relatively steady as we go. So yeah, I think you can see those examples.
James Quincey - The Coca: Yeah. So clearly, we've taken some price increases this year in the U.S. marketplace, whether that be in the juice category by changes in the packaging, in soft drinks, in the number of channels. And, clearly, we've been pushing that through over the years under the headline of we're doing a lot of things to engage the consumer with the various categories in our portfolio from the marketing and the packaging, working with our customers to create value for them. We think this is a strategy that has worked for us over the recent years and will continue and is continuing to work for us going forward. So, I'm not sure it makes that much sense for me to comment on short periods of competitive pricing activity. We've always said, look, we're going to follow a rational pricing approach with a few points of pricing, which is what's happening on an underlying basis. In the U.S., it won't necessarily be a straight line for all sorts of reasons, but we're going to stick to our strategy. And I think that's the one that will see us through to the right place.
James Quincey - The Coca: Yeah. And 2019, it's too early to get into 2019. But in the end, we said we're going to follow three pillars in trying to manage the business going forward. We need to grow the top line by doing the right things for the consumer in terms of the beverages, the marketing, the packaging, the innovation. Create value with our customers, have the right refranchised bottlers to execute in the marketplace. That will drive local top line in each of the 200-plus countries we operate in. We'll focus ourselves and as a system on being efficient stewards of the P&L and the capital, such that the margins, again, locally, will be appropriate for that business and for driving growth. And then, of course, the piece that we have to bring together as the portfolio management is paying attention to what that translates to in comparable EPS earnings. How are we going to put that puzzle together for 2019, we'll come back to in a future date.
James Quincey - The Coca: Thanks, Ali. Look, I think the pace of M&A, clearly, the third quarter was a more active quarter than normal. When we look at M&A opportunities, it's obviously a function of, are we seeing things that work for us in terms of a role for that in our business, whether it be a role in the portfolio, a role in the capabilities, providing us with a new entry into something? So clearly, we've got to be focused on what does it do for us. Then, of course, there's a question of price and a question of availability of the things that we want. So I'm not sure that extrapolation does make sense. And I think that's just something we'll have to cover as we go forward. We've made a number of statements as how we want to see the total company structured in terms of growth, in terms of leverage, in terms of returns to the shareholders. So I think it's the management of the business that will need to go forward, but we've got some guardrails on how we think about the total. And then, as we bought in some of these companies a little, as I talked on one of the earlier questions, we've learned over the last number of years on how to bring them in and what's the best way and what are the models that best work for different categories in different situations. And that's allowed us both to do better as we bring them in, in the place that we're buying them, whichever part of the world that is, but also then do better in lifting and shifting and scaling them to other parts of the world. We're not as good at that as we would like to be or are perhaps as fast as we would like to be, better said, which is why we're bringing the Global Ventures organizational unit into being, to just give an extra twist to accelerating that piece of the strategy of lifting, shifting and scaling. And we'll learn more. And we'll learn more. And that's, of course, tied back to the incentives. We have general incentives to the broad population against revenue and profits and cash flow, which obviously link back to the M&A strategy. And then, for those teams specifically doing M&As, we have deal-specific incentives.
James Quincey - The Coca: So I think, the management changes, why now is, I think it's a simple function of we've ended a phase. We had some initial reinvestment going back in brand KO. We set out the refranchising. We've brought that to a conclusion. We built on our foundations of the last number of years in setting out Beverages for Life with a clear vision for where we want to go. We've added flesh and bone to that vision over the last 12, 18 months. And what's clear is we've got a lot of things to do. And so that's why I think bringing Brian in as COO will allow us to be able to execute against the leadership agenda with speed. Of course, we could just go slower with less people, but we need to be able to execute at speed and be able in a world that's volatile. And we're in a lot of places, we need to be able to lead the enterprise forward. And I think Brian just brings that extra capacity with a focus on the field operations that allows me to look across the whole company, and we'll be able to work as a double act to bring a lot of that going forward. And so I think that's why it's the right time to bring Brian on. On are we putting a band back together, I wish I was good at music. I'd love to be in a band, but there was zero chance of that happening. So here I am. I think what you're seeing is executives being promoted across a broad section of the global talent pool. Yes, Brian spent some time in Latin America, as did John. Brian's also been in Europe. He's been in the U.S. John's been in Asia. So what I think you're seeing is people who've worked around the world coming up through the organization taking on strong roles. Nancy, who hasn't worked in Latin America, worked in Corporate, worked in North America, she's come up. You've seen the new Group Presidents, like Nikos [Koumettis], come up through the European business, worked in Canada as well. Manolo [Arroyo], who's gone to Asia, spent most of his time between Europe and Asia. You see Jennifer Mann, who has come up through the U.S. I think you're seeing a lot of people come up through the U.S. organization, come up through the organization and take different jobs, and the new business unit presidents, you know Galya [Molinas] has gone from Turkey to Mexico via the U.S. So you're seeing a lot of movement. And I think it's testament to the talent pipeline around the world and our ability to have people grow by giving them different experiences in different parts of the world and different types and business situations that makes them stronger leaders, that then allows us to deploy them to the best use and the greatest opportunity for the company.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. Yeah, look, we grew. I'm just going to go through the clusters to make it easy. Sparkling did really well this quarter year-to-date. We saw strong growth around the world in all the groups. In Trademark Coke, in Diet Coke in the U.S., and actually Coke Zero Sugar had its best quarter of growth in 10 years. So clearly, a lot of what we're doing in sparkling is working, is engaging with consumers. And that's very pleasing. As we go into the other categories, what we see in water is a change to the recent trend. So in the last number of quarters, we were actually declining or doing worse in water. And this time, we've done better because we're kind of moving out of the phase of deprioritize something in the low value water, and starting to see some of the benefits of our focus on the premium waters, whether that's China, some of the innovations in Mexico around CL, (48:35) or even North America with smartwater and with Topo Chico. So, I think you're starting to see growth coming back into water as we've done a bit of deprioritizing and moved more into premium and innovation. In the case of juice, the juice category, that is down this quarter. A lot of that is driven by a couple of pieces. One, we've talked about before, which is the North American resizing of the juice; and secondly, the macroeconomics in the Middle East, in particular, have hit our Aujan juice business quite hard. So, there's a clear macroeconomic impact. So, what we're doing as, in fact, we've done across each of the categories is focus on if there is bits of the business that need to be deprioritized or rightsized or reshaped, so that we are going to drive revenue growth in an attractive business, we need to get that done, so I think you're seeing some of that adjustment still going on in the juice business. Where there is a stronger foundation with the right structures for the business and attractive consumer propositions, you saw good growth. So, in Mexico, Western Europe, India, Brazil, we saw strong performance in the juice, dairy and plant cluster. So, it's about us still focusing on getting some bits right. And, lastly, tea and coffee; coffee was up in the quarter, driven by growth in Japan. Coffee, at least for now, is largely a Japanese story. And we had not done as well as we had wanted recently. We've not kept up with the innovation. We brought more innovation to the table that allowed us to do better in the third quarter. Clearly, the natural disasters and the destruction of the plant is going to be a problem, but we think we're back on the right track. And then, tea, actually we've done really well in tea with the completion of the globalization of Fuze, but we have decided to sell less of the non-ready-to-drink tea. That was a focus in Turkey. So, what you're seeing is growth in underlying businesses across all the categories, building better positions from which to go forward on. And, of course, there is some netting with things that we are deprioritizing or where macros are impacting us.
James Quincey - The Coca: Yeah. No. So, what we've announced in terms of any future stages of timeline are not there yet. But I think the first important point is to recognize this is a minority investment for us and it's going to be run as a separate business. So, the BODYARMOR team are going to make the decisions about how to grow the brand, what innovations and formulas and packages to bring to the marketplace. We have a clear agreement on how they will go through the Coke bottling system, and that will take place. And the Powerade team will continue to focus on Powerade. I think it's fair to say the two sit in quite different positions today. BODYARMOR is clearly coming from a more premium space with a different consumer proposition in terms of the ingredients and the setup of the drink. So, I think there's space for both. And we expect to be able to go forward, but I think it is worth noting that they are going to be run as two parallel and separate businesses at this stage. And ditto, that goes for any expansion outside the U.S. That's a decision that BODYARMOR needs to make.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. Look, I think there's a number of exciting things that can be done as Costa becomes part of our global coffee platform and our ability to grow in coffee. Obviously, ready-to-drink is an opportunity that makes a lot of sense for us to focus on. I think the other pieces where we can for sure grow our coffee business is in being a better beverage partner to the many customers out there in the many different channels, whether that be through the use of a bean to machines relationship within their facilities, or the use of the Costa vending machines, which is a bit like our Freestyle machines on the Coke side. There are a lot of ways to work with immediate consumption customers to bring a coffee offering from The Coca-Cola Company, whether in the brand, and the drink and the machinery. And, of course, then there's the at-home market, whether that be pods, capsules, loose beans, there is a substantive opportunity to grow that space as well.
James Quincey - The Coca: I presume you're talking just about North America rather than globally. And, obviously, we're not going to provide a guidance or indications on what we're going to do next year on pricing. I think when you look at the North America pricing, of course, you look at it and then perhaps it's easier just to look at the year-to-date. You see that we're down a point in terms of price/mix in North America year-to-date. And then, obviously, we've been taking pricing in the marketplace. And it generated the question last quarter, and whilst it's moved in the right direction this quarter, it's still the same sort of gap. What's happening is, firstly, we had the conversation about the freight costs, which are a deduction to revenue in the way that we're looking about this. That's a point across the year-to-date. Depending on the quarter, there's been some timing of promotional items. The last quarter, it was a headwind. This quarter, it was a positive. On year-to-date, it's all in balance. So let's just ignore that for a second. Otherwise, it gets very confusing looking at the minutia of each quarter. The big picture is it's been down one on freight. Timing and promotions is a intra-quarter issue. And then, the biggest gap between what we report as pricing and what you see in the marketplace and what the bottlers report, is the business mix of the different business models in our North American business. Unlike the rest of the globe, the U.S. has a big portion where we have finished products, so Minute Maid, juice, the fountain business, but we also sell a lot of concentrate on sparkling to the bottlers. And, therefore, you can end up with a curious mathematical situation, where you take price increases, and prices are going up in each of those three business systems, and yet the average is going down because of the different average prices per gallon of the different business models. And the reality is because of the rightsizing we did on juice, that which is a higher revenue per gallon business, it produces this curious mathematical effect, which is why I keep underlying that what's going on underneath is we have been taking price, given the input costs and given what's going on in the U.S. marketplace, and to support the reinvestment in the business, and that strategy remains true. And it's helped us win in the marketplace.
James Quincey - The Coca: Okay. I think we're at the end of the questions. So thank you very much, everyone. To conclude, we had a solid quarter. We're on track to close out the year per our guidance. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you. See you soon.
