Muhtar Kent: I think I'd just say -- start by saying that, firstly, we're very fortunate that our business has been doing well in recent years. I think operating in this environment has become the norm for us. It's not a passing feature now, operating in this very volatile and unpredictable environment. And I think that we're meeting the long-term growth targets set out for our 2020 Vision, even in difficult economic circumstances. And I think part of our success has been because there's been a healthy appetite for investment across our global bottling system in this environment, and stronger than it's been for a long time. Our 2020 Vision is a system vision. It's focused on long-term growth collectively with our partners -- bottling partners. And when you look back at 2010, 2011, the nonalcoholic ready-to-drink industry grew by about $65 billion in total retail dollar value. And we're pleased to say that our system represented nearly 40% of that total industry growth, well above our fair share, underscoring that vision and that collective effort and that investment is working. That said, we're naturally keenly aware of how turbulent the economic landscape is today and will continue to be this year. And we've said many times before during the past few years that we may hit a bump in the road, given the continued volatility in the macro environment, but that we're focused on meeting our long-term growth targets on realizing -- and realizing our 2020 Vision. And so far, I think you can say that, quarter-after-quarter, we've proven that. All of us at Coca-Cola, the entire system, remain constructively discontent. We know that we can always do better. And I think you've got to realize we've got a wonderful portfolio of geographic regions. And so some of them may -- not all of them will not ever do well all the time. But just like this past quarter, where we had very unseasonable weather in Europe, we had tremendous, again, negative consumer sentiment brewing in Europe, we still have delivered our results and we will continue to do so. And then also, quarter-after-quarter, we're gaining share and, quarter-after-quarter, our business, our top brands have been improving. Brand health metrics, I keep on saying that's an important metric to look at. And when you look at the past sort of quarters, back to 2011 versus today, we've again delivered very strong increments of improvement in our Coke, Fanta, Sprite brand scores, as well as weekly-plus drinkers. And as you go around the world, I think certainly there is a sentiment that this is going to be a prolonged crisis, that the high levels of unemployment are here to stay, both in Europe as well as in the United States, and also that there's a little somewhat cooling off of economies in Asia, particularly China. But in this environment, I don't believe there's a better business and there is a better system to continue to crack the calculus for growth. When you look at BRICS, Brazil, Russia, India and China and the Sub-Saharan Africa, referred to as the BRICS nations, we grew in Q2 a combined plus 8%. And so it's worth noting that those markets represent nearly 400 million cases of incremental growth last year. And so we continue to generate significant growth in those emerging markets and we continue to create growth in developed markets, like Japan, what you saw in this past quarter, as well as the United States, ninth consecutive quarter of growth in the United States. And when we first talked about that, again, in the midst of economic turmoil back 2.5 years ago, very few people thought that we could achieve that. So that's why I have confidence, Bill, that we believe that we can continue to meet our long-term growth targets despite a very volatile, unpredictable and prolonged economic recovery.
Muhtar Kent: And also, John, just one other point on what Gary mentioned in terms of the immediate consumption business. I think if you take our sort of top 22 countries in the world, in Q1, we had probably more than 15 of them realize very positive IC growth. In Q2, we had about 11 countries out of our sort of top 22 markets that had IC growth. And the primary reason for that was the very, very, very poor summer -- the start to the very poor summer in Europe. And so I think that is also an important factor that has to be kept in mind. It was a very unseasonable situation in Europe and hopefully, it will reverse itself in the coming months.
Muhtar Kent: I think, Bryan, in Europe, we've got very, very strong programs in place. We've just finished one of the most successful euro activations. We have just embarking upon the Olympics programs, which globally are going to be activated in over 100 markets. We've never had that happen before. We've reached -- the greenest ever Olympics was -- we believe that our business is very strong in Europe. And as Gary said, I think there has been an anomaly in the weather. But having said that, if you look at the past -- in the last 2 years, Europe has really performed better than expectations, given how bad the consumer sentiment was deteriorating in Europe. And this should not be taken as a kind of a fall off the cliff. But certainly, Europe is continuing -- going to continue to be challenging as an environment. But our business gets essentially stronger in Europe because our brands are stronger. We're investing with our bottlers, both CCE, our Iberian bottlers, as well as Coca-Cola Hellenic. So I do believe that probably there was some factors, one-off factors that created the current result, as opposed to it being taken as a given for the rest. But I do also believe that I think you need to understand that we're in for a very protracted recovery in Europe.
Muhtar Kent: I think during our last earnings call, again, I think we shared our expectation that our volume growth in China might moderate to some extent as, a, the business is not going to be totally immune to the cooling, particularly along the coastal areas of China. And I think as anticipated, the broader beverage industry in China has also felt the impact of that slowdown in the first half of 2012. But also -- and so it was not -- in terms of expectations, it's probably where we expected the business to land in terms of how we saw the marketplace developing. I think, year-to-date growth in China being a solid 8%, cycling plus 17% from prior year, I believe we're content. But certainly, we'll always try to achieve double-digit growth. But importantly, I think the rightsizing packaging efforts that we put into place in China last year continued to generate consistent incremental transactions, in line with our expectations. In fact, a little bit ahead of our expectations. And as such, total beverage transactions -- and you've heard us talk about transactions being really a really very good metric for the health of the business -- were up double-digits for both the quarter, up about 12%, and also on a year-to-date basis, up about 14%. So just want to stress that, a really important point. And again, we captured both volume and value share significantly in the sparkling beverage category in China in this past quarter. And our brands, particularly in the sparkling category, have been doing very well. And transactions, as I say, which is a great health of the business, have been progressing well. In terms of regions, I think the northern regions and the regions -- more inland regions are doing a little better than the coastal regions in China. And I think we'll continue to see that throughout the year as some consumers have moved back into the central and inland regions of China, given some of the slowing down of the export businesses along the coast.
Muhtar Kent: We are not. I would say Vietnam, Southeast Asia, Philippines is actually doing better. We talked about Philippines having a kind of coming off the cliff a little bit after the elections, and after tremendous amounts of sort of monetary easing preelections. I think it's coming back to a good sort of balance now. And then in terms of Indonesia, I think obviously, Australia, some of Australia's exports to China are slowing down. But actually, we've had a pretty good quarter in Australia. And I don't -- we don't really see -- it's actually a pretty strong, balanced growth across the region. I would phrase it that way, Bonnie.
Muhtar Kent: And just one thing to add to that, Ali, also. I think it's important to remember that 2011 was probably a special year, where we've had to face tremendous increases and changes in commodity costs like we hadn't faced before. I mean, that's, in the United States, to the tune of about $550 million. And although it hasn't continued, thank goodness, at the same rate, we also are facing some commodity increases, of course, this year, too, not anywhere close to what it was. So have to remember what kind of pricing we had to take to ensure that our business could continue to invest for sustainable future growth in the United States coming off of 2011.
Muhtar Kent: Yes. I mean, I think you'll appreciate that we can't give forecasts. But I think you've heard us say that we feel confident, despite the volatility that we would be looking at, reiterating our long-term targets of 3% to 4% volume growth and, again, that we manage a great portfolio of 206 markets. And we believe that based on our -- both marketing programs, as well as our strength of our brands, the strength of our system, that we would be able to reiterate our long-term growth target in terms of volume of 3% to 4% for not just the remaining part of the year, but going into the future.
Muhtar Kent: I can't comment on that. But look, you've seen us in the past -- if you take the last 3 or 4 years, where we've been operating in this economic environment, you've seen us have quarters of 3% or even less or 5% or 6%. And so when less than 3 or 4 things go bad, then you'll see us higher volumes. When some more things all combine in a certain time frame, you may see less. But over a period of time -- longer period of time, we feel that the 3% to 4% is a good number to look at in terms of -- which is our long-term growth targets. We've never changed them and we think -- and generating -- for a business our size, generating a 7% revenue growth, comp currency neutral revenue growth across the world, that's, in my book, continuing to crack the calculus for growth.
Muhtar Kent: Look, we have said that in the United States, we started -- when we started the business that we pointed out that there's going to be sequential improvement. It's also partly on how the commodities are priced into our business, and also how marketing spend operates -- the marketing spend curve operates in our business and a number of other things. So we do expect to see, as we have seen in the second quarter, which we pointed out in the first quarter, we will continue to see sequential improvement as a result of some of those other things that I've also mentioned, as well as the strength of our marketing programs going into the third quarter, particularly related to the Olympics, as well as many other local programs. In the United States, we've never had more customer partners pick up and align with us on the Olympic activation as in these Olympic Games.
Muhtar Kent: I think, first -- this is Muhtar. I think, first, you've got to take into account the pricing environment. 5%, I mean, that is a pricing environment that you won't see coming through all the time. And therefore, I think you need to put it into that perspective, and therefore, look at it in that regard. And also as you know, over time, the pricing impact gets evened out and the consumers get back to a normalized sort of sequence. And so I think you will be seeing some of that happen in the United States. That's one reason. The second reason is the strength of our programs. The third reason is what Gary mentioned in terms of holiday season falling into the quarter as opposed to not in the quarter, et cetera, et cetera. So there's a lot of number of reasons why we're talking about it being not a permanent feature but a feature that will wash out through time. That's why. And so I hope that explains some of that. Thank you, Gary and Jackson. And in closing, I think I'd like to once again reiterate that we had a strong quarter and delivered quality midyear performance results. Along with our partners, bottling partners, customer partners, we're successfully navigating through an unpredictable external economic environment with a well-aligned system equipped for long-term sustainable growth. Our 2020 Vision is working. Our system remains resolutely focused on capturing the great opportunities we see ahead in all of the markets. And as we partner with our global consumers, customers, communities, we fundamentally believe we are building something lasting and something good while creating long-term sustainable value for our shareholders. As always, we thank you for your interest and your investment in our company, and thank you for joining us this morning.
Gary P. Fayard: A very good question. And let me -- I'm going to have to take it in pieces and parts, if I could, and see if we can put that all that together and come up with an answer on it. But let's start at gross margin first, because I think that's the most important place to start. Even on gross margin, I think you've got to split it into a couple of pieces, split the company, look at BIG and international operations and then North America. And on BIG and international, a lot of the gross margin pressure there is really FX currency headwinds. And it's coming through in cost of sales, and there's an impact on revenue. And so that is causing some margin pressure. And the highest impact of exchange rates -- highest headwind impact of exchange rates on us this year will be in the third quarter. And then it starts moderating again on what we're cycling. So that's the first thing. The second thing, while we're on international, on margins particularly is our expectation, as we just said, is that in Japan, we think growth is going to moderate slightly from the very strong 4% that we've seen year-to-date in Japan. They're going to still have a very good year. But I think that will moderate and that will put -- that will be some margin compression on the total company. Then if you go to North America, I think, I'd say we've been very pleased. We've seen sequential improvement in North America from -- first quarter operating income was down 9, 10-ish. This quarter, it's even. And I think we'll continue to see sequential improvement, albeit kind of slow improvement, and I'll go into why, in North America. So in North America, I think what we're seeing and what we saw happen actually in the United States is in about mid-May, we started seeing consumer shifts and the consumer started changing behavior, we think temporarily. But I think it's just you pick up the newspaper, you turn on the television and you see economic -- huge economic issues all over the world, whether it's no job creation in the U.S. to all of the issues in Europe, China slowing somewhat. And what we then saw was the consumer change go more toward future consumption, packages and channels versus immediate consumption. And one of the things that's a little surprising -- and I think we'll have to see how this goes and I think it's, for sure, a temporary shift. But as the price of gasoline came down kind of in that May-June time period, normally what you would see, particularly in convenience retail, is your immediate consumption should go up, and it did not. So that, I think, is probably going to continue somewhat through the third quarter. Again, some margin pressure. So that's what's leading us to that gross margin and that's the primary part of it. We've got -- and then we were cycling some things last year relative to SG&A. So I think there will be some increase in SG&A, particularly in the third quarter, and that kind of cycles out in the fourth. So you put all that together, that's kind of where we get to on the negative 3 to 5 points of leverage in third quarter, coming back in the fourth quarter to positive -- slightly positive and kind of the gross margin as well. That was a long answer, but I think it's complicated because there are a lot of different parts to it.
Gary P. Fayard: Yes, yes. So you've got translational impact on revenue, but then you've got transactional impact on cost of goods as well.
Gary P. Fayard: This is Gary. I would say probably about half of it. I think it's going to be pretty well sequential through the year. And a lot of it we've already locked in and hedged. So it's pretty well, probably about half, maybe slightly less than half.
Gary P. Fayard: Yes. No, Bryan, it's exactly what you said. That's exactly right. It's what our normal pricing had been, what we're cycling just as we phase through the year. We are -- have not engaged in anything relative to change into more promotional or anything. It's normal pricing and normal cycling. In fact, if anything, I would tell you that the pricing environment has stayed -- particularly in the U.S., has stayed very rational. And some of our competitors internationally are doing a lot of promotional pricing. But that's kind of normal. What you're seeing is exactly what we plan to do the whole year, have not deviated at all.
Gary P. Fayard: Yes. You're right on Europe. It is a high-margin, high-profitability business for us. And we're continuing to hold share. We are seeing some weakness there, obviously down 4% in the quarter. I think it's important to recognize that weather is probably as much to do with what we saw in the second quarter as the economic macros, probably 50-50 on all of Europe and probably even more so for Northwest Europe. Britain had the wettest summer so far that it's had in over the last 100 years. So the weather's been unbelievably bad. If it turns -- and I don't want to use weather as an excuse. If it turns, things will be better. We're not anticipating that, but hopefully that will be somewhat better. And we are cycling a pretty good summer from last year -- a very good summer from last year as well.
Gary P. Fayard: Bryan, I'd add one thing. If you go back to our conference call in the first quarter, if you go back to the transcript, you asked a question on that call. And the last -- I think one of the last things I said to you in answering your question was, "Remember, we are managing this business as a marathon and not a sprint." And that's exactly what you're hearing us say today. We're in a marathon. We're in this to win. We are gaining and furthering the distance between ourselves and our competitors every quarter. We're going to continue to do that. And we feel very good that we've got the right plans in place to do it.
Gary P. Fayard: A little bit on the margin. A couple of things. So North America, total volume was plus 1 on 3 points of price mix -- positive price mix. Sparkling was minus 2 on 5 points of positive price mix. And I think, Ali, your question is, is that kind of the elasticities and kind of the relationship we would expect to see going forward? And I'd tell you a couple of things. One, in a very rational pricing environment, so I think you have to underline that, and it is, the historical elasticity models would have said that you would have seen a lot greater volume decline, greater than 2%, if you took 5% of pricing. So I think that's a very good thing, obviously. Going forward, in a more normalized market, where you're not seeing the huge commodity spikes that we've seen over the last 2 years, I think a much healthier environment, we would want to see sparkling growing kind of the low 1 or 2 percentage points, kind of -- and more moderate pricing on top of that to still get a 3% or 4% or something revenue growth, but do it in a more balanced fashion with -- between volume and price, but...
Gary P. Fayard: Yes. Most of it does not have much impact to the P&L at all. What you're seeing us do is, as we continue to build cash, most of that cash or a large part of that cash is offshore. We are moving into separately managed accounts, and so reducing exposure to banks, particularly, so that we are diversifying risk. And then we're also investing some of that -- rather than in a savings account, if you will, we're putting some of it into government bonds and some -- and AAA-rated other investments, all short-term. But it's basically just ensuring that we are diversifying against any concentrations of risk.
Gary P. Fayard: Yes, yes. I'll take that one. I think what -- you've been seeing us deliver sequential improvements. I don't know that the third quarter versus the second quarter in North America -- probably, it won't be the same kind of sequential improvement you saw from minus 9 to 0. But I think you'll see some improvement in the third quarter, although there are some macro and consumer issues in the United States just because of the condition of this economy and all. And then you will see -- I would expect to see a fairly significant improvement then in the fourth quarter, particularly as you has that [ph] -- as an operating business, a finished products business has significant leverage that will come through in the fourth quarter, particularly with the extra days and the 2 extra days in the fourth quarter.
Gary P. Fayard: Just because we continue to work on the business. But I'm not saying it's going to be significant improvement. It's just there should be -- our expectation is there should be a little improvement in the third quarter.
Gary P. Fayard: One other thing I'll point out, and it's kind of tactical, but in timing, in the last year, most of or about half of the Fourth of July holiday was in the second quarter. The impact was in the second quarter, and then a little bit in the third quarter. The way the calendar fell this year, basically all or most of the Fourth of July holiday in North America will be in the third quarter, which helps the third quarter.
Gary P. Fayard: Yes. If you look at tax, so you've got -- kind of depending on where you were. But if you take 0.8 points on tax, that will give you $0.03 or $0.04 a share. You've got probably down $0.01 or so relative to interest. So commodities, let's call it $50 million probably positive. That's another $0.01 or so. So those are starting to wash. But then FX is going to be worse, and particularly worse in the third quarter, significantly worse in the third quarter. And then we have previously said kind of mid-single-digits headwind. I think my words were exactly the high end of our previously communicated mid-single-digits. So kind of depending on where you were. But the risk aversion that investors around the world have gone to has really driven the dollar, particularly against the emerging market currencies because the others, even on the euro, were hedged for the year. But it's primarily those emerging market currencies have really been driven hard -- hit hard just because of risk aversion.
Gary P. Fayard: No, no. We do not include the impact of currency on cost of goods in the FX guidance. So that's on top of it.
