James Quincey: Thanks. I think the first fundamental point to make is we don’t see any change in our underlying business momentum. As we consider the global macros and the geopolitics and the wins that could buffer things, we’ve got really focused on what we can control and what we can drive and really putting together a program around the brand building, the innovation, the revenue growth management and the execution. That’s served us well in 2019 and we believe it will serve us well in 2020. So we’re expecting a solid result in 2020. There were a few puts and takes in 2019 that perhaps favor the result a little. The contribution from BIG which obviously is a little more disproportionately contributing on the revenue versus the profit line. So we feel that as we look out into 2020, we’re seeing the same momentum, the same levers we know how to pull. And when you compare it backwards to kind of a two-year run rate or make a small adjustment for BIG, I think you’d see it’s very much in line with what we’re delivering. Of course, if we do better in the year, we’ll update guidance as and when that becomes appropriate. But we think we got a great plan, we’ve got solid momentum, 10 quarters of doing in the range and I think that’s how you should think about 2020.
James Quincey: Thanks, Steve. Look, lots of moving pieces as one looks at the aggregate price/mix ratio. Obviously 2019 was a little heavier around price/mix. I think there was some inflation coming through places like Argentina. We’ve certainly talked about previously how we’re looking for a balance between volume and price over time as you get up into the 5% to 6% growth; 6 last year, 5 the year before, looking for 5. We’re looking for 2 to 3 of each. So clearly 5 would be more than we would imagine is the long term. But we’re going to focus on what drives the core business. The way I think about pricing is that pricing has to be earned, it has to be earned with the consumer, it has to be earned with the customer because they want their business to grow. So it’s about the brand building, it’s about the innovation, it’s about the RGM initiatives. We’ve talked on previous calls about how we see that as a long runway of opportunity on RGM on the pricing and the packaging opportunities and of course executing it. And just final thought is in 2019, the price/mix is a little over weighted by what happened with BIG being very strong as well. So we’ll continue to push to earn pricing and we’ll be looking going forward for a balance between price/mix and volume.
James Quincey: Perhaps we’ll be such generous [ph] into two questions as we kind of did two of Ali. On the plastics bit, Lauren, clearly consumer awareness is going on plastics in particular and packaging or consumer waste in general. For sure, it’s going up U.S. and perhaps even further ahead places in Europe. So check, awareness is going up. Second thing that’s happening is I think the emergence of a more profound investigation of what does it really mean. Certainly sometimes initially there’s a danger, it becomes a philosophical question of plastic good or plastic bad whereas actually when you get into it, the first thing to realize is there are different types of plastics and some plastics have high value and are easily made part of the circular economy. Some have a very hard recycle and have very little value and then there’s stuff in the middle. So what’s happening now is that a kind of a more structured move towards, okay, what can we really do about it? And what happens is two objectives come together when stand back from plastic. And actually it then applies to plastic, aluminum, glass, cardboard, whatever packaging material they’re talking about, two things comes together. How do we have zero waste and how in doing that do we have the lowest possible carbon footprint, because that’s the other objective that’s going to come back into the equation here. I think the plastics space started more on the waste side, but the two things are going to come together and the objectives are going to end up being how do we design a system that deliver the brands and beverages that people want with zero waste and a lower carbon footprint. And when you go down that road and you get into plastics, for example as a material, what you find is high-value plastics in which PET bottles are the preeminent high-value plastic. If you can get them back, they’re fully recycled and fully reusable in beverage bottles, as we pointed out, we can have our first mark in the world, we’re going to achieve a circular economy of getting the bottles back and making them back into plastic bottles, a fully circular economy in Sweden with our bottles and those recycled PET bottles have a lower carbon footprint than just one-way plastic bottles but also have a lower carbon footprint than cans or glass at least on today’s technology. So actually if your objectives remain zero waste and lower carbon footprint, which is where I believe the conversation is going to move towards, then achieving a circular economy on PET is actually the best way to achieve that objective. Now there are as I said other types of plastic and we as a system have gone through the process of – the bottle has lots of value. There are other plastics we use like shrink wraps which don’t – are much harder to recycle or have low value. So, for example, our Western European bottler is just going through a process of investing under the European single-use plastic directive to removal of that plastic on the supply chain and putting in cardboard. It cost a little bit more, but it can be accommodated within the business system. So we’re starting to work on how do we eliminate low-value, super hard to recycle plastics? And then the bit in the middle, we’re investing with companies – other people are doing it too – on innovation. Because what’s needed there is some new technologies, enhanced recycling. We came out with an innovation last year. We call it the marine where we were able to take very dirty PET which doesn’t fit in the normal stream, actually with enhanced recycling, chemical recycling, we’re able to turn that back into food-grade PET. So I see the circular economy on clean PET bottles being the lowest carbon footprint and zero waste and that’s the solution for today. New technologies coming in for the middle types of plastics will kind of complete the circular economy play and the system moving out of hard to recycle glasses. Now all of that if we do it collectively with peer manufacturers in beverages and other FMCG and retailers and put in place with governments the lowest cost collection of systems possible, this can all be accommodated within the business system going forward. And therefore we can continue to use a range of packaging vehicles for the consumer not forgetting that we are also one of the largest enterprises that have package-less dispensing between our fountain business, our Freestyle business, our Costa Express business, we provide a wide platform of bottle or can-less dispensing of beverages. And we’re continuing to innovate with DASANI PureFill. So we will run a dual track system and make sure we can offer the consumer the beverages they want and achieve a future where we have zero waste and a lower carbon footprint.
James Quincey: Sure. Let me start with the culture piece and then come to the CMO piece. Absolutely what we said on the culture and simply put around really fundamentally driving a growth mindset and celebrating all that’s great about the Coke culture and the Coke system culture to get us more growth oriented. And as I’ve said before, any large system, particularly a large successful system is predestined in a way to the effects of gravity to suck focus inwards the bigger and bigger it gets and the more successful it gets. And so it has to be pushed against the drive and external view what is the consumer doing, what do they really want, how are we going to help our customers grow the business? Without that, things will go wrong. And so that’s been the focus of the culture shift to really drive that. It then goes along with the organizational strategy around empowerment and accountability and backing it up with compensation. I don’t think we should lose sight of the fact that cash got included in the compensation in the last couple of years and we have done somewhat better in 2019 on cash. So it is about an organizational strategy, the various components working together to drive the end results which is about the growth mindset leads to a focus on growth which leads to better results. And as we think about that, switching over to the CMO question, we put in place the growth office with the purpose of providing more structure. We had spent a number of years expanding the portfolio into different categories with different brands we had not been disciplined enough about working out which ones were truly brands that offer the consumer compelling proposition and which were just bulking up. And we had to come in and be more disciplined. So the work that the growth office did with Francisco driving it to create the leader, challenger, explorer and the zombies and really get clear about what’s working, what’s not working and how do we administer structure to the portfolio in a more strategic way was a critical piece of getting more organized over the last couple of years. And now the next phase which is kind of why we’ve gone back to more of a Chief Market Officer structure is having put that strategic logic in place, we have to continue to excel on one of the four fundamental levers of the business. We talk about brand building, innovation, RGM and execution, having a sharper focus on the hard core of marketing is critical. Now we have a clear structure on how we want to approach the portfolio.
James Quincey: At the moment we don’t see any problem accessing can capacity given our current plans. Obviously we have a global procurement team that works on buying aluminum and can capacity for us and we believe we have good visibility into what we need going forward. I know there’s some thinking out there that if plastics come under pressure, then can is suddenly going to shoot up. Our cans are doing well. Certainly, we are going to continue with our strategy of driving the mini cans which has been a strong piece of the North American success. So there’s going to be innovation in cans, there’s going to be more growth in cans, but we don’t see the market becoming widely un-stabilized. And so we believe we have all the canning capacity with our supply base to drive the growth that we need.
James Quincey: Okay. Maybe I’ll start with Latin America and exude generosity through the whole call. Argentina I think accounted for about three points of extra inflationary pricing within the Latin America number. So that would give you something in the kind of low teens for Latin America for the full year if you excluded Argentina and I think that’s more consistent with what you see going backwards in time for price mix for Argentina. We don’t break out the kind of single serve in Brazil and the other pieces. So I think if you believe that Argentina inflation is going to come down, then taking – seeing Latin America’s price/mix go back or exclude that benefit would then be logical. In terms of Coke Energy, we’re certainly making a strong effort in North America. It’s kind of version 2.0 having done a 1.0 in a number of the international markets. And one of the things we learnt as we went into North America market is we wanted to move the flavor profile of the product closer to Coke, less citrusy, more Coke like. We think that’s going to work well for the North America market and we’ll be rolling that formula out in some of the round-one marketplaces. Certainly in terms of shelf space and execution into customers, we’re very clear and we’re looking to take space from the energy category from brands that are competitive to those carried by the Coke system, by which I mean I also include monitoring that among the Coke system. So we’re looking to take from other competitors and generate space. So the strategy is clear. We’re looking to expand the access to the energy category and we think Coke can do that. We’re certainly giving it a go. And as you said, it’s very early days and so we don’t have any clear conclusions yet in the U.S. marketplace, but it certainly seems to have generated a lot of interest.
James Quincey: Sure. Well, starting at the end, obviously China’s economy was in a different place when SARS happened almost 10, 15 years ago. Net-net when seen on an annual basis, the effect was not particularly noticeable from a business point of view. Obviously, the human and health point of view is different, but from a business point of view SARS did not ultimately seem to make that much difference. It’s worth noting the Chinese economy is much bigger and this could become more connected to the rest of the world. China accounts about 10% of our global volume, less on a profit and revenue basis but about 10% of our global volume. It is early days. Our focus is firstly our employees’ safety. Secondly, to support efforts the Chinese government wants in accommodating what needs to be accommodated to help them deal with the crisis, whether that’s making donations of product or money to help in the efforts which we’ve already done through the Coke Foundation, through the Coke system and through donation of product. And then thirdly, to worry about business continuity and recoverability or recoverability and then continuity. So far, of course, the short-term effects are the offices are closed, a good number of the factories are closed and so that’s the current situation. There will be – there is an effort by of course the Chinese government there still has to be food and beverage available for the population, so we under the auspices of the Chinese government and their kind of crisis management reopening some of our manufacturing facilities to make sure we continue to produce our product for the population and get it distributed in a way that’s not going to make the spread – be part of the spread. So it’s way too early to tell what the impact in the short term is. And I think ultimately in the long run it will rebalance, as I said, number one priority is employee safety; number two is help support the efforts to contain the virus and manage the crisis; number three, ensure business can be recovered and to support continuity in the short term.
James Quincey: Yes. We talked about that in the past in the context of looking at our overall balance sheet and making sure that we are fully utilizing our asset base in the most efficient and effective manner. We continue to look at all aspects of the balance sheet, including our equity investments. It’s a thoughtful process. It requires us to work closely with our partners which we are doing. We’ve had a couple of initiatives in 2019 that you’re aware of and we’ve continued to do what’s right for both our balance sheet but also for the businesses that we’re invested in. Overall, it’s not a material matter when it comes to our future cash flow trends and we’ll continue to update you as we make progress.
James Quincey: Sure. The ability to drive RGM absolutely can be made more powerful and to some extent will have a greater reliance on our ability to capture, use analytics to generate the insights for the further round, not just the overall aggregate price packaging but ability to work with customers kind of one-on-one in a segmented way to drive results. So no question that the increasing availability and generalability, if I can just invent that word, of data is going to create a competitive advantage for the Coke system for the bottlers to be able to drive revenue growth management and engage with customers on how to drive it. And then ultimately at some point that will bring in AI and all sorts of other tools, but I see that as all under version 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 of driving RGM and then RGM is a competitive advantage for the Coke bottlers and the Coke system overall.
James Quincey: Thank you. As we talked about, we made good progress in 2019 by delivering on our financial commitments and growing in a sustainable way. We continue to transform the organization to act with a growth mindset, which gives us confidence in delivering our 2020 target and our ability to create a better shared future to our stakeholders. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you.
John Murphy: Yes, let me just add a point on the EPS on the share buybacks. We’ve got to look at it in the context of two areas. One is our overall capital allocation priorities. And then secondly, the cash we have available at a given point in time. So with respect to capital allocation priorities, I think we’ve been pretty consistent that priority number one is to invest in the business; number two, to grow the dividend; number three, to look at opportunistic M&A. And then number four is to look at share repurchase. That has to be in the context of cash we have available. And while our free cash flow progress in 2019 was terrific, I think when you take a step back and look at the cash we have available, last year and even this year we’re talking about a relatively small amount. So we’ll continue to factor that into our decision making as we go through 2020 and into 2021.
John Murphy: Thanks, Lauren, and your math is pretty accurate, so hold on. I think I’ve been pretty consistent in the last year talking about this as being a top priority for me and at least for the team. We’re very clear on the drivers to improve our free cash flow. I have a great team in place and frankly speaking the only surprise was that they made progress as fast as they have hitting it out of the park especially in the fourth quarter. As I look to the sustainability going forward, I see continued opportunities to improve the underlying fundamentals. Cash from operations should continue to improve. We’ve still got opportunities on working capital. We’re not seeing much benefit in the comparative years on CapEx but over time that will be there. And we will have lower sort of transformation costs in the productivity arena particularly. For 2020, we do need to factor in a couple of special items. There is recycling of a special dividend from 2019 and some transition tax payments. On a two-year basis if you look at it, we’re in the mid-to-high 80s and I expect us to continue to make progress upwards from there. So, yes, good progress and still a lot of opportunity ahead.
John Murphy: Not a lot of news on that. I think the margin impact for both energy and AHA should be overall very positive. I think what we need to most is take a look at the overall innovation pipeline. It links back to what James referred to earlier. It is one of the key drivers of both sustainable top line growth and then also conversion into the kind of margin expansion that we’re committed to for the future. I think with the shift from being volume centric to value centric, we’ve seen our business units at our R&D centers readjust their focus on making sure that what comes out of the pipeline on an overall basis has got the right margin characteristic. So a lot of good work underway and I think we’re – you’ll see that being reflected in the overall output from innovation not just in North America but in the rest of the world.
John Murphy: Thank you. Yes, productivity is a critical part of the equation going forward. It’s embedded in our long-term growth algorithm and so it’s an area of particular focus for us here and around the world. I think it’s important to highlight that for the last two to three years, it’s offered an outsized portion of the expansion due to the reset of the cost base driven by the transformation plans that are being underway. As we look to the future and I think we talked about this at the Scotiabank conference in 2019, and similar to the cash flow conversation we’re very clear on the levers that we have at our disposal to influence the productivity agenda, and it’s got to be linked to the overall growth agenda as well. We are very clear on how they relate to the different businesses that we have; the core business, our Global Ventures group and our bottling organization. And so the short answer is yes, it’s very much embedded in the operational plan. It’s very much a part of the overall compensation model and we expect to continue to make progress, as I said, to deliver on our overall algorithm as we go into 2020 and beyond.
