Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Think you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll touch briefly on a few key highlights before handing off to James to provide a more detailed operational review of our performance. I'm pleased to report that we delivered third quarter results in line with our expectations, and we're on track to deliver against our full-year expectations. Our continued focus on our five strategic initiatives enabled us to report another quarter of global value share gains, with 3% organic revenue growth and over 50 basis points of comparable currency neutral operating margin expansion. Our core business continued to perform well, delivering 4% organic revenue growth year-to-date, in line with our long-term target, driven by our segmented revenue growth strategies, improving marketing and portfolio diversification. Within our core business, developed markets performed well, delivering solid revenue results with 2% unit case volume growth year-to-date and a continued focus on price realization. While we continue to see challenges in many emerging and developing markets, we're taking action to improve our performance. Importantly, we're delivering the profit target we laid out at the beginning of the year. Excluding the impact of structural items, comparable currency neutral income before tax grew 7% year-to-date. And we're confident we will deliver our full-year profit outlook of 6% to 8% growth, excluding these same items. We continue our journey of transforming our company to a higher margin and higher return business, focused on building strong brands, enhancing customer value and leading a strong, dedicated global franchise system. This quarter, we continued to make solid progress to strengthen and evolve our global system. In North America, we signed definitive agreements on six territories and closed transactions on four territories, thereby remaining on track to complete our refranchising efforts in our flagship market by the end of 2017. In Japan, our two largest bottlers, Coca-Cola West and Coca-Cola East Japan, reached a definitive agreement to merge their operations and create a strong consolidated bottler, representing over 85% of our system volume in Japan. In Latin America, we reached a long-term comprehensive agreement with Arca Continental regarding joint value creation in Mexico, along with a similar agreement with FEMSA in July. Separately, Coca-Cola FEMSA reached agreement to acquire Vonpar, one of the largest privately-owned bottlers in the Brazilian Coca-Cola system, increasing its scale and leveraging FEMSA's strong commercial capabilities. In Europe, Coca-Cola European Partners finished its full quarter of operations as a combined company and we're executing an aligned plan. And finally in Africa, we recently exercised our call option to acquire ABI's stake in Coca-Cola Beverages Africa. We have a number of partners who are highly interested in and qualified for these bottling territories, and we intend to implement our long-term strategic plan for these markets. Over the coming months, we will negotiate the terms of the transaction with ABI, followed by a regulatory approval process. Simultaneously, we have commenced discussions with potential partners and plan to complete this important process as soon as feasible. When I take a step back and think about the magnitude of change we have implemented over the past couple of years, I am truly encouraged. We've implemented segmented revenue growth strategies for our markets, invested in capabilities and created clear incentives for the entire organization to drive revenue growth rather than volume only. We're shaping our plan portfolio across the full range of sparkling and still beverage categories to meet changing consumer needs through leading marketing, innovation and targeted M&A, which James will discuss in more detail. We launched Taste the Feeling, a new marketing campaign for Trademark Coca-Cola at the beginning of the year and are seeing positive response from our consumers and customers. And through our ongoing $3 billion productivity initiative, we're taking cost out to both reinvest in the business and drive margin expansion. And, as I've discussed, we are re-architecting the bottling system in key geographies and regions to better capture growth. To put it in perspective, these affected regions account for almost half of our global volume. So the actions we're taking today are going to have significant impact on our system's future performance. Through these actions, we're becoming a much stronger company with higher margins and returns and better positioned to deliver on our long-term growth targets. I will now hand the call over to James, who will provide you with a more detailed outlook at our operating performance.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Nik, good morning. This is Muhtar. Thanks for your question. Look, I think first, once again, I want to reiterate the scale of what is being done here on a global basis. As I mentioned in my remarks, the geographies and the regions impacted by this refranchising, massive refranchising, is really when you aggregate it all, will impact 50% of our global volume. So this is really, really big, number one. Number two, the early indications that we have from both the U.S. refranchising efforts, which is the largest one, but also the European restructuring under the Coca-Cola European Partners umbrella, which was the biggest refranchising in Europe in history in its structure, essentially early indications have been positive. In the United States, if you look at it, the last six quarters, consecutively, we've had volume growth and very encouraging price/mix in the United States continued. And the last sort of year, four quarters have been the highest in terms of refranchising activity, so early indications are positive. Europe, the same; James mentioned the positive numbers coming out of the last quarter. Yes, helped by many other things other than just refranchising, but the impact is that there hasn't been the disruption. It's been going on very smoothly. And when you look at it going forward, we've got four to five quarters of intense refranchising remaining, as we bring out the other end of the tunnel another a company that is going to be totally transformed, revitalized in terms of its organizational capability, leadership structure, revitalization of the brands also with the investment in our brands and the new marketing, revitalization of our portfolio, of our bottling system as well as our cost base. So we're encouraged with what we see as the transformed Coca-Cola Company coming out and also the integrity of the refranchising, as evidenced by the continued good results in North America and in Europe.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Dara, it's Muhtar here. I'll just mention very briefly, and then pass it over to James, that it is unusual. What you've just said is definitely – the fact that developed markets are growing at a higher pace than the developing and emerging markets, but it's not a surprise given the volatility that we all know that is taking place. But it is a mixed bag. It's not just a uniform, all emerging markets. Africa, for example, continues to be a very strong performer, both West Africa, led by Nigeria, but also other markets in Africa. Mexico, to name another one, so it is a mixed bag, but let me ask James to comment in more detail on how we see the future also in terms of the balance between emerging and developing versus developed markets.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Yeah, Andrew, good morning. This is Muhtar. I think you would expect us to be looking for proven capability, alignment and bottlers that have already got a track record in our system and that we have actually delivered together in alignment, and we have good examples of that, that we can refer to. That's basically it in a nutshell. And I think I know you probably have a loaded question but, in answer to your actual question, that's what I would say.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Hi, Brett. This is Muhtar. First, let me just say that over the last four, five years, we've been actually working really, really hard to reconfigure the Japanese bottling system. We had 13 bottlers, what, back five years, six years ago. And now, we're moving towards having 85% of the total business in Japan, which is, as you know, a very large business for us, under one roof. And I think that in itself first, without looking outside, without looking anywhere, is a huge re-architecture that is yielding substantial savings that we can re-deploy that into the route to market, into ways we actually get our products the most effective, efficient way to the customer and through the customer to the consumer in Japan. So regardless of any encouragement from the outside, we are on a track to end up in a very efficient, very 21st century bottling system, a consumer goods delivery system in Japan that is working well. Now, are there are other opportunities? And that is not just related to cost saving, and yes, there has been early, very early, discussions in Japan, can't say any more than that. And we will continue to look at opportunities to see if we could even make our Japanese system even stronger. But that's very early days, again, in terms of the level of discussions that have taken place.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Thank you, James, Kathy and Tim. We're working aggressively to evolve our sparkling strategy and expand our brand portfolio in order to address changing consumer preferences. And we're on track with transforming our company to a higher margin, higher return business, focused on building strong brands, enhancing customer value and leading a strong, dedicated global franchise system. Looking forward, we remain confident that the long-term dynamics of our industry are promising. And we absolutely believe that The Coca-Cola Company is well-positioned to deliver long-term value to our shareholders. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company, and for joining us this morning.
Kathy N. Waller: Thank you, James, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to talk quickly about our financial performance in the quarter before moving on to our full-year outlook. Starting at the top line, organic revenue growth was driven equally by volume and price/mix. Consolidated price/mix in the quarter was driven both by rate and product mix initiatives across many of our markets, partially offset by 1 point of segment mix, due to slower growth in our Bottling Investments Group than in our core concentrate operations. At gross profit, our comparable margin increased about 45 basis points, as solid pricing, a slightly favorable cost environment and productivity was partially offset by about an 80 basis point currency headwind. Our North America refranchising roughly offset the benefit from deconsolidating our German and South Africa bottling operations, resulting in a slight structural benefit to margins. Excluding the effect of currency and structural items, our underlying gross margin expanded over 100 basis points. Our comparable operating margin declined about 35 basis points. Similar to gross margin, currency headwinds impacted our operating margins by about 90 basis points, while structural items, primarily the deconsolidation of our German and South African bottling operations, positively impacted our operating margins. Turning to the cash flow, we continue to exercise strong cash flow management. Year-to-date, we have generated $6.7 billion in cash from operations. And we have returned $5.7 billion to shareowners through a combination of net share repurchases and $4.5 billion of dividends paid year-to-date, and that includes our third quarter dividend that was paid on October 3, right after our quarter closed. Net share repurchases year-to-date were $1.2 billion, and we continue to expect them to be $2 billion to $2.5 billion for the full year, in line with our initial guidance. Looking ahead to the remainder of the year, with one quarter remaining, we continue to expect our full-year comparable EPS to decline 4% to 7%, in line with our previously-communicated expectations. However, we now expect to spend slightly less than $2.5 billion on capital expenditures for the full year, down from our initial expectations of $2.5 billion to $3 billion. As you construct your models, there are a few items to consider for the fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter has two additional days as compared to last year, which will result in stronger top-line growth than we saw in the third quarter. We expect structural items to be an 11-point headwind on net revenue and a 6-point to 7-point headwind on income before tax in the fourth quarter. And finally, we expect currency to be a 1-point to 2-point headwind on net revenue and an 8-point to 9-point headwind on income before tax in the fourth quarter. So, in closing, our strategies are working in key markets. We are on track to deliver over $600 million in productivity this year, and we remain confident in our abilities to deliver our profit targets this year. So with that, Operator, we are now ready for questions.
Kathy N. Waller: Hi, Bill. So on your first question about the 3%. Yes, we did find another way to make 1.1 equal 3. It is rounding, and it's really balanced. So it was in the rounding, but it was a balanced impact from volume as well as a balanced impact from pricing.
Kathy N. Waller: Sure. So, hi, Bill. You are going to see some impact on margins, but mostly initially, because as we are going into these businesses, whether we are developing them internally or whether they're through bolt-on acquisitions, they do have a margin impact, but then as we get scale, as we continue to work on the supply chain, et cetera, we do start to improve the margin. So I would say it's an initial issue for margins. And then, over time, we are able to do things that will improve the margin impact. But initially, yes, as a category itself, a lot of these stills have higher cost of goods. They have higher revenue, but higher cost of goods, so that does impact margins.
Kathy N. Waller: Hi, Judy. On your second question about the structural impact, so we will obviously give more guidance on 2017 later as we get closer to the beginning of the year, but I will say that, particularly in North America refranchising, the impact will be significant in 2017, because as we are moving to get all of the refranchising completed in 2017, we will be moving more than we have moved in all of 2015 and 2016 combined. So it will be a large impact in 2017. And we will work to give you all more color on that later in the year or early 2017. As far as 2018 is concerned, the refranchising will be done, but the impact will be basically the cycling of it, because, obviously, the timing of these transitions will be significant, not only to 2017, but also the impact it will have on 2018. And then, we have some costs that we have to get out in 2018 that we will be working to get out in early 2018 that would be basically a function of the refranchising as well. So we'll give you more color as time passes.
James Quincey - The Coca: Yeah, I think it is worth, as – morning, Dara – it is worth as we go into this, just underlining the collection of the developed markets are growing volume, growing price, strong revenue growth. We think we're taking actions to sustain that. The emerging markets, I think it's going to be a combination here of doing the things that we know we need to do and can control; and then, of course, is a question of what do the macroeconomics do and what actions do each country's governments take to put them on a better course or not? So that's part of the unknown going forward at this stage and the uncertainty. But I think quite clearly, you see, as Muhtar commented, is a mixed bag. Across the world, you see those markets that are doing well sustain growth. He called out Nigeria, South Africa, the Philippines, other parts of the emerging markets. So it's good. But it's a mixed bag, and I think the actions are underway in a number of these countries to stabilize them where they're a little tougher, like Brazil, like Argentina, which I called out on the call earlier. And we'll have to see how long it takes for this to take hold in the countries from a macro view. We don't have a clear sight on that. But what we do know is we need to focus on what we can control in those countries, go back to affordability, go back to execution, go back to the basics and build ourselves a better position with more market share, so that when it does turn and that combines with the growth in developed markets, we can be solidly in growth rates for our long term model.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. I mean, let me start by saying you're approximately right in volume terms on the current split between sparkling and stills, about 70%-30%. I think it's worth noting that that split has been moving in the favor of stills by about 1 point a year. At the turn of the century, 10, 15 years ago, it was a single digit percent of the mix, so it's going up at about 1% a year. Now, part of that organic on the things we're doing and part of that is the net of some of the bolt-on acquisitions. But it's going up about 1% a year of mix. I think as you look forward, clearly, given that we have 50% of the sparkling industry value share and 15% of the sum of all the stills categories value share, we fully expect to be able to grow faster in the stills categories because it will be the combination of the category growth rate but plus our ability to gain share, which then feeds into your third question, which is how are the investments aligned? I feel they're aligned. Obviously, it's an ongoing process. Each year, we look at it in the business planning process and we'll be doing that again this year. But I would not characterize it as we are over-invested in sparkling and under-invested in stills. We are invested behind what's growing. And actually, just to add a little more texture to it, we're doing the right things on sparkling. We tend to be pushing more money towards driving the zeros, the lights, the smaller packages in the sparkling business. In the stills, it's not a one-size-fits-all category. It's actually a noteable (35:07) category. And there, we're selective on which ones have – are most on-trends with the consumers, which one have more premium pricing. And therefore, we're very selective about where we funnel the dollars and invest ahead of the curve or in line with the growth rates we're expecting.
James Quincey - The Coca: Yeah. Bonnie, yeah, we certainly did well in a number of the categories, particularly some of the premium categories. What was a little weaker in this quarter were some of the juice businesses and some of the tea businesses, which are not as high value to us, so that's what netted out on the 2%. What I think you see is over the year, you see very strong growth in vitaminwater, in sports drinks, in some of the other categories as well. So I think it's a broadening of the portfolio, a focus on innovation, but yet there's some headwinds on juice linked somewhat to commodities.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. Morning, Ali; James here. Look, North America, I think is a combination of many, many things. I mean it's, I think, been the result of a number of years working on multiple fronts: working on innovation across the portfolio, getting into categories, refining the propositions, learning, refining the propositions. It's about, in the sparkling business, the better marketing, the more media spend. It's about the focus on the pricing and packaging architect. There will be more smaller packages. It's about getting the execution right. It's the refranchising, bringing new excited bottlers. In the end, this is a result that has been built by a great team of people who have been very focused over a number of years about regenerating growth in the North American business. As Muhtar said, they've had six very solid quarters of volume and revenue growth. And I think there are a lot of learnings. There's no silver bullet, but there are a lot of learnings. Now having said that, actually, Japan has also been on a good run. I mean, it's had three quarters of very good volume growth, doing well on offsetting deflationary pressure. Again, it's a similar story. The team is very focused on a multiple category approach, innovation in the products, increasing the quality and quantity of the marketing, but always in parallel and in alignment with the bottler, where you've got to get better execution. Good marketing on its own is not going to get you the answers. It's got to be more and better marketing, along with more and better execution, and I think that's what you see. And to some extent, Western Europe, they kind of came new Coca-Cola European Partners came well out of the stables on the first quarter. I think the formula is going to be the same. More and better marketing, more and better execution and a multi-lane focus on categories and cranking out the learning, the trying stuff, the innovation and pushing ahead. And I think that's going to be something we'll continue to press across the developed markets. Now, turning to China, I think China, again, if I gave the impression it was all weather, that would unfair to the team on the ground in China and the system there. They've done a lot of work to address the big change in how the consumer responded to the economic circumstances in China. I think part of it is you know, it's a part of the world that's had such consistent growth rates over the last decade, but a little bit of a slowdown maybe caused some exaggerated pull-back on spending, so I think there is a little bit of stabilization coming through in the macros. We saw that. We've definitely taken action in the things we can control, not just in the commercial policies to strengthen the wholesaler and distributor network and working through the inventory problems, but also on the pricing and packaging. To give you one example, a very small example, but it's symptomatic of how fast China can change. If you go to the cafe channel in China, there are all the noodle shops up and down the streets. People go there at lunchtime. Last year, they were packed with people. This year, you go, they're a third empty. You go, okay, maybe the economy has slowed down. No, that's not what's happening. The explosion of online to offline ordering and the availability of lots of people on motorbikes to deliver stuff, and the apps and the aggregator apps to buy food has seen an explosion of ordering of online and delivery food, such that there is just as many people buying from these cafes, but sometimes in some parts of China, a third of it's being delivered to people, whether they be at work or as students. And so we've had to adapt our packaging. Having a returnable glass bottle in that cafe doesn't help you with off-line delivery. So we've had to revamp the packaging offer so that we're there with the right package to go where the consumer is going. And that's a micro example of the sorts of things we have to do China to adapt to how the market is changing and is contributing to stabilization. But it is, again, as I said, a country undergoing change in its economic model and that'll throw up new and different consumer behaviors to which we'll have to adapt.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. Hi, Bryan. It's James. Yeah, I mean, look, we've had a much better run in the Philippines in the last few quarters, actually, strong numbers the first three quarters of this year. Actually, last year was three very strong quarters as well. So I think since FEMSA's been in there, they've built on the work that BIG did. They've gone about fixing the fundamentals There were some fundamental structural stuff that still needed to be improved and I think they grasped the nettle in the early days. And we're starting to see the benefits of that coming through in the last six quarters. Again, it's not silver bullet stuff. Is not too complicated in the sense of it's been about adapting the price/package architecture. It's about some of the emphasis on some of the sparkling brands in the Philippines. There were some of the local brands that we de-emphasized and re-emphasized some of the more global brands and the stronger local brands, rebuilding and continuing to construct a more solid distributor network. Obviously, Philippines is complicated, given all the islands and the issue in moving product around, but I think they've kind of worked the system in terms of getting the thing nicely oiled in terms of the cogs so the product can get everywhere, backed up with a little more marketing and a little sharper focus on certain categories. And I think that's played through and I think the team on the ground has done a good job of taking the performance to a higher level.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. James here. Look, I think it's important to say that the premium opportunity in China is big, but it's not as big as the mainstream opportunity. We are absolutely going to focus on investing in that premium opportunity. It's very much about the big cities, the white-collar. It's going to be also about some of the premium parts of the stills categories, and we're going to go after that. But in the end, the biggest mass of consumers, the biggest mass of disposable income will be in the mainstream. So it will have to be a combination of, yes, addressing the premiums, but also going after the mainstream with a greater affordability, expanding the distribution reach, upgrading the execution into the third tier cities in the rural areas. That is also going to be a big driver of our revenue. In terms of the categories, I think what has been going really well, by example, is we've taken an approach of premiumizing our water business in China. One of our most recent billion-dollar brands, (52:43) comes out of China effectively. And we're driving the business from a – in the end a 1 RMB price point to a 2 RMB price point. That's one of the biggest drivers of growth is the water at the 2 RMB. The places where we have a little tougher time is perhaps in the juice category, with sparkling in the middle. Again, when you look at what's growing in terms of the categories, what you do see is it maps quite closely to the consumer segments in terms of who's suffering and who's not suffering in terms of disposable income. The juices, that were kind of ambient, that were more going to the rural areas, are being hit a little harder. The premium waters, which are perhaps more the cities, have been doing well.
