James Quincey: Sure. Let me start at the back end and come in reverse. So yes, China opening up, certainly a pattern of consumer behavior not unlike when U.S., Europe opened up, so there has been a resumption in consumer activity. There was a rebound of consumption in Chinese New Year, which obviously fell in the first quarter. So we're certainly seeing the performance in China getting better. And we've been focused on bringing back our marketing and increasing availability in some of the rural marketplaces. Remember, in Q2, we'll be cycling the toughest part of '22, I think, for China. But net-net, we remain cautiously optimistic. I mean, it's still -- the Chinese business is still below the 2019 level. But we're cautiously optimistic on the rest of the year for China. The other part of Q1 and the away from home as much as it seems incredible to remember, Q1 last year was -- we were still talking about Omicron and not everywhere was opened up. So we are seeing in the first quarter this year additional strength in the away-from-home business, so take the U.S. as an example, immediate consumption packages grew ahead of future consumption packages. The away-from-home channels, for example, QSR restaurants, had a good strong quarter the first quarter this year, in part because we're cycling a partially open first quarter. And that will logically moderate that as we get into the rest of the year because now we're starting to cycle the opening. So hopefully, that does the 2 pieces. Look, overall, first quarter was strong. It was certainly within the bounds of our expectations and our plans. We talk very much in February about how we expected to be able to focus on having volume growth continuing to build the franchise of our beverages across the whole year, but expecting to see pricing moderate from what was similar levels to Q4, which is what we see in Q1, back down to some more normal levels by the end of the year. And so good, strong start. And we're maintaining guidance, we still feel confident in our guidance, and we're well equipped. The outlook has a degree of uncertainty in it that's, I think, more elevated than pre-COVID, obviously not COVID-driven. But there's plenty of uncertainty out there in terms of the direction of travel, of inflation, both the consumers' reaction to it and the input side. So we have a set of guidance out there that sees both input costs, our own costs and pricing moderating through the year, but there's still a long way to go. So I think take it as we feel good about our guidance. There's a lot left to manage. We have a good strategy, and we're certainly focused on this kind of all-weather results as we go into the rest of the year. 
James Quincey: Yes. Thanks, Bonnie. Look, firstly, EMEA is more than just Europe. That's the first key point. It includes some countries that had some near hyperinflationary effects of Turkey and there's an impact in the first quarter of high inflation in Turkey, which has kind of pushed the price/mix up more than would be normal. Secondly, of course, there's some carryover pricing from the inflationary burst that happened in kind of the European Union, certainly U.K. last year. And that will moderate as we go over '23 as is likely to be the Turkish inflation. There's some mix benefits of Western Europe having, as you said, a relatively mild winter. And so despite the pressures on purchasing power, actually, Western Europe had a very good first quarter. And that's good in its own right, but it's also good in a mix effect within EMEA. So kind of everything did pretty well. A number of the other Middle Eastern and African countries did well, perhaps with the exception of Nigeria. So it was a strong overall result. Lots of mix in there, and as I said, a bit of an inflationary effect between carryover and Turkey that will moderate in the rest of the year. 
James Quincey: I would also say like we've talked about it historically on pricing volume. I would encourage people not to draw correlations through 1 quarter. And you can use full quarters or annuals. Given acquisition relative to the bottlers and the final consumer, I think it's important to kind of average out some of these effects through all the various variables that John mentioned and take a multi-quarter view of what's going on and take that all into account. 
James Quincey: Perhaps I'll take the RGM bit, Steve. I'm not sure I would attach a percentage to it globally. I'm not sure it drives relevance. I think a couple of thoughts, though. One, clearly, as over time, there has been an increase in disparity of income in any given country, the need to match the consumer across a broader range of price points has gone up. So you see both more opportunity and more need to have a foot in affordability and the other foot in premium. And so those -- both of the ends of the spectrum have been going up over time as we seek to meet the consumers where they are and where their pockets are and allow them to stay in our franchise. So I see it as a need to do more of both. Obviously, what's affordable and what's premium in the U.S. might look different than it does in Africa or China or Western Europe, but the direction of travel is more of both. And the mechanic of delivering on them, again, is different by countries. In Latin America, it might be with a refillable PET bottle to get down to affordability. In the U.S., it might be certain package sizes or the level of promos in some of the modern trade channels. Again, premium might look different. It might be returnable glass in Spain. And it might be different categories, for example, fairlife in the U.S. 
James Quincey: It's -- I mean, we're 2 weeks into the second quarter. So I think that -- I don't think there's anything particularly productive in it. I mean, they weren't out-of-the-park results in the first couple of weeks, but there was some worse weather in India and the U.S. and the shift of Eastern side.  I don't think one can draw a lot from a couple of softer weeks in the first 2 weeks of April. The whole -- the performance through the quarter was good. There wasn't a major ski slope from January through to March. And so I think that we saw continued strength. I would encourage people as they look out for the rest of the year and think about momentum as I did last year to look at some of the multiyear trends. And last year, I encouraged people to look compared to 2019 on a 3-year CAGR basis because then that helps see through some of the reopenings and closings and all the [ strategies ]. I would encourage the same thing this year in the sense of the 4-year CAGR to 2019 and see it that way. Look, there's a long way to go. We've started with strong momentum. We had it in January. We had it in March. The consumer is holding up, and we feel good about the strength of our strategy. 
James Quincey: Sure. Yes, you put your finger on a kind of a nexus of a whole set of innovations. Let me just focus them in on the -- just using Coca-Cola brand, just to start with for a second. I mean, we did the Coke Creations, which was kind of limited edition kind of beyond it's vanilla or it's cherry into kind of stardust and marshmallow. And I think it was much more engaging for consumers. Some of the advertising, I mean, we did -- we partnered with OpenAI and ChatGPT and DALL-E to run a promotion where you could design Coke advertising and have it come up on the Times Square billboard. And all of that change, obviously, the bigger scale through the marketing, which has become much more digital over the last 3 years is starting to drive a difference. So if I were to take the U.S. where historically, we have been underrecruiting to not say, not recruiting consumers, we can see that the growth in the Coke franchise is not just being driven by increased recruitment, but increased engagement and recruitment of Gen Z. So you're starting to see an impact come through on the aggregate recruiting numbers, on the aggregate engagement with Gen Z and the increase of Gen Z coming into the franchise. 
James Quincey: So let me talk about the portfolio and then the go-to-market. I mean, clearly, the portfolio in North America has been expanding over the last decades, but a lot in the -- a lot recently as well. I think the results you're seeing in North America is actually driven by the overused expression of the [ AN ] strategy. We're seeing growth in soft drinks, good resonance in Coke and Coke Zero but also growth in the rest of the portfolio. We talked about in the script how fairlife has been on a multiyear journey, really, really doing well. Obviously, that builds on some of the previous acquisitions. vitaminwater and smartwater doing really well in the quarter. And so you're starting to see the portfolio being built out across the different categories. Clearly, it's not all plain sailing in every category. We've talked how we need to stabilize and reinvigorate BODYARMOR in tandem with POWERADE. You're starting to see some growth in the coffee ready-to-drink in North America. Now all of that feeds into a set of routes to the market, which are -- there are multiple platforms in the U.S. There have been. Clearly, the biggest piece is the bottlers largely to, obviously, retailers and lots of away-from-home channels, complemented by the chilled route and the fountain route. So I think there's much greater focus on getting the portfolio, be the portfolio that works for consumers and drives a winning strategy for the retailers. And then a vastly strengthened bottling system over the last number of years through the refranchising through great work by the bottlers in the U.S. to both increase their capability and increase their rate of investment. 
James Quincey: Yes, sure. Obviously, we've got 2 brands. We've got BODYARMOR and POWERADE. We talked on previous calls where we had not had the greatest integration into the Coke system last year on BODYARMOR. And obviously, there's some new players and new category dynamics. We're very focused on stabilizing our portfolio and growing from here. We brought out some product innovation in the first quarter with BODYARMOR Flash I.V. The BODYARMOR Sports water continued to be the fastest-growing premium water and POWERADE Zero sugar. So we -- we're starting to see some innovation coming through, some better marketing. There will be some missing package formats going into the marketplace in Q2 with multi-serve multipack versions of BODYARMOR. And so we think we can do well as we've talked about before with BODYARMOR and POWERADE. It's early days, but we see some promising signs to reverting the trend by the end of the year. 
James Quincey: Yes. Look, I think in recent times, the elasticities on water have been stronger than they have on soft drinks and juice somewhere in there as well. And so that clearly consumers are being differentiating by category and brand strength and whether the brand or the category has earned the right to do the pricing even if the pricing is largely cost-driven. So that definitely has been a feature of recent quarters. As we look out, as I said, we see pricing moderating, which means in the context of markets like the U.S. or Europe is a reduction in the level of off-cycle price increases. We may, as we go forward, see slightly more promotions as we look for those consumers who are under pressure to offer them slightly better affordability options. But we'll be balancing that with investments in premiumization options, whether that be categories or packaging. And so as I talked about in the answer on one of the other questions, we're trying to work both ends of the spectrum here. And I see the need to press harder on both ends as we have done over the last number of years and as we will do in the course of this year. 
James Quincey: Yes. Carlos, thanks. Definitely agree with you on the essential idea that if you have a good anchor in affordability options, it allows the portfolio to stretch along the price spectrum with other packaging options and thereby, both satisfying more consumers and drive a more -- a better -- a higher competitive advantage and a more profitable business overall. Obviously, the refillables infrastructure takes time to build, not just from a kind of a manufacturing and distribution point of view, but from a retail and consumer habit point of view. But there's still plenty of opportunity in Latin America, which is obviously one of the big bases. It's still a feature of the German market. How far that then becomes a feature of other markets is going to be developed over time. We've certainly got some activity in Africa and India, but it doesn't -- as you know, it doesn't change rapidly overnight, but there's definitely big opportunities to use all the thinking behind RGM and all the new and latest technologies to provide packaging options that give price points across this broader range as possible. 
James Quincey: Sure. I mean, the reformulations on Sprite Zero and POWERADE are specific to a number of markets. It's not a big call out. They're part of an ongoing program to make sure that we have the best tasting, most effective recipes in any particular market. So I see those as examples of continuing to innovate to stay on the cutting edge of the formula, whether that's taste and enjoyment or delivery on a functional feature in a category like the sports category. And as it relates to Coke Zero, we now have many years of very strong volume growth behind Coke Zero. I think there's a huge and massive ongoing runway for Coke Zero to continue to grow. 
James Quincey: So just to summarize, the year's off to a great start. We continue to win in the marketplace. While it's still early in the year and the macro environment remains uncertain, we're confident in our plans and our ability to leverage our capabilities to adapt to consumer needs and drive top line-led growth. And we have visibility to deliver on our 2023 guidance. We're focused on the sizable opportunity ahead of us and are managing the near-term uncertainties to build a Coke system for the long term. Thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us this morning. Thank you. 
John Murphy: Sure. Thanks, Lauren. Yes, on the back of what James just said, a strong start to the year. We expected in Q1 to see North America coming out to [ Gates ], given the carryover pricing that we knew would be a tailwind for the quarter. We also saw benefits from immediate consumption been strong through the quarter. And as we look to the rest of the year, we continue to keep in mind our ongoing objectives to expand margins. But Q1 was, let's say, we came out of the gate strong, we knew we would. And we look to the rest of the year in line with what James is saying to moderate as we get into the back half of the year on the pricing front and to continue to be laser-focused using our RGM work to stay with the consumer. So we feel good about the start. Rest of the year is looking positive. And yes, we'll take into account, I think, some of the trends we're seeing on the macroeconomic and consumer front and manage the -- that environment with the various levers we have. 
John Murphy: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. So of the 140 basis points, you're correct. The -- included in that is the onetime on the inventory and the cycling of M&A. It's about half of that. The other half comes from -- mainly from the carryover price and some favorable price/mix in the quarter. So as you think about the rest of the year, I would keep in mind the following. As I just mentioned in North America, I think it's across the board. Moderation on price, both rate and frequency. I think a greater use of our RGM levers to help to stay with the consumer as we see the consumer in different states, in different parts of the world. We will have some FX headwinds similar to what we had in Q1 throughout the year, we -- is our current expectation. We'll have an extra day in the fourth quarter. And so I'd keep in mind that we have interest in our long-term algorithm, an ongoing objective to expand margins, and that remains very much the focus, but you take those items into account for the rest of the year as you think about 2023 full year. 
John Murphy: Yes. Let me take the first part, Steve. Just as you said, the first quarter, we did benefit from the equity income coming in better. And we also had a couple of onetimes on dividends, et cetera, that helped. For the rest of the year, no significant change in what we've guided on interest expense. You can expect Q2 and Q3 relative to prior year to be higher impact, given that we really saw the step-up starting in Q4 of last year. So we still, for the full year, expect the same quantum of deleverage as we had indicated in our February guidance. 
John Murphy: Thanks, Kevin. First question on the hyperinflationary, but just a little under 2 points in Q1. I don't have the mirror for the crystal ball for the rest of the year, but you can build that into your assumptions for the rest of the year. Regarding investment levels, we've been, I think, very consistent over the last 3 or 4 years and been clear that we will invest as we need to support the portfolio. And on a quarter-to-quarter basis, there are ups and downs on that. We did some really good work in '21, '22 to be able to do more with less or to do more with the same. So it's not apples-to-apples in that sense. I think we're getting more value today per dollar of investments than we have ever done before. And so when I take that into account plus the absolute levels that we're investing, I think we are in good shape overall. And I think our markets have what they need. And so we continue to be very much of the mindset to have that as a top priority and where necessary and Q1 is a good example, in some cases, to invest ahead of the curve. So all in, I feel good about the rate and the improving effectiveness of our overall spend. 
John Murphy: Yes, our commodities portfolio, so to speak, is it's going to -- it's a mixed bag in there. On the one hand, we're seeing some moderation in the number of commodities, metals number, for example. We're seeing moderation on ocean and freight in general. But offsetting that for us was we have a pretty meaningful increase in sweeteners and in juices. So that's one consideration. The second consideration is we continue to hedge in 2023, and we feel good about the hedges we're putting into place. But they are cycling a set of hedges in 2022 that were more favorable. So I think it's important to keep that in mind. And then thirdly, as we go into the rest of the year, as we've alluded to in some of the other questions, we do see some further moderation on the overall cost front. But we do have, as a net of all of that, continued view that we'll have a mid-single-digit increase for the year 2023. And on free cash flow, yes, the first -- as we said, the first quarter, we had a couple of discrete items in there that we had highlighted in February. And we've also had a couple of timing items, working capital-related that has affected the net results for the quarter. Keep in mind that in the second quarter, we will have the transition tax payments going out. And so for this year, I would expect free cash flow as a result of what's happened in Q1 and what I expect in Q2 to be back weighted towards the second half of the year. 
