Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Eighteen months ago, I communicated a clear five-point plan to reinvigorate our growth and increase profitability. In February, we reported a successful transition year in 2015, where we made tangible progress on our plan and delivered the full-year expectations we laid out. I'm pleased to report that in the quarter, the first quarter of 2016, we took another positive step in the macro environment that continues to be challenging. Today, I will touch briefly on a few key highlights in the quarter before handing off to James to provide a more detailed review of our operational performance. We're in the midst of transforming The Coca-Cola Company to one that is even more focused on our core value creation model of building and supporting strong brands, enhancing customer value and leading our franchise system. During the first quarter, our continued focus on our five strategic initiatives enabled us to gain value share and deliver positive top-line growth with underlying margin expansion. With the first quarter behind us, we see the challenging global environment continuing, but we remain committed to our full-year targets we laid out in February for both the top and bottom-line performance. From a highlights perspective, we continued to execute our strategic initiatives. In the first quarter, we unveiled our new global one brand marketing strategy for Trademark Coca-Cola under the Taste the Feeling campaign, which is elevating system engagement with our employees, bottling partners and customers. The initial consumer response is encouraging and positive. Additionally, we added to our portfolio of fast-growing still beverages. We closed our Chinese plant-based protein acquisition of Culiangwang in March. We also invested in Chi, the leading juice and value-added dairy company in Nigeria, Africa's largest economy. Both transactions are further proof points of how we are strengthening our leading stills position, effectively responding to evolving consumer preferences. Finally, we are accelerating our global refranchising efforts. In North America, we continued to make progress against our stated goal of refranchising 100% of our bottling operations by the end of 2017. Including the territories announced this morning, we have transferred or signed agreements on almost two-thirds of the U.S. territories we originally acquired from CCE. Looking outside of North America to Western Europe, our Coca-Cola European Partner's transaction remains on track to close by the end of the second quarter. In Africa, the regulatory approval process continues. The South Africa Competition Commission has recommended for the Competition Tribunal to approve the Cola-Cola Beverages Africa merger with certain conditions. The Tribunal is set to meet in May to review the pending transaction. In summary, we recognize that we still have much work to do, but we have defined a clear path to transform the company and we're making consistent progress to create long-term value for our shareowners. The Coca-Cola Company is becoming stronger, more efficient and more focused on our core strengths of marketing and brand-building, customer value creation and leading our franchise bottling system. We're making progress implementing our disciplined global revenue growth management strategy. We're also building new growth opportunities with still and sparkling brands that we develop internally, we acquire from the outside and we invest in through partnerships. And our franchise bottling system is also getting strong, faster, more nimble and more closely aligned. In short, my colleagues and I are getting up every single day with a fresh passion for doing the things that will create long-term sustainable value. I'll now hand the call over to James, who's going to provide you with a more detailed look at our operating performance in the first quarter.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: And also, just on sparkling, you asked, we certainly see also continued growth opportunities in our sparkling portfolio. And that is naturally, with the focus on revenues, it will skew more towards revenues, but certainly also, as we have demonstrated and with our new campaign, Taste the Feeling campaign, just being launched, and everything else that we're doing in terms of the investments with our aligned partners, we see growth opportunities in revenue and also in volume, in our sparkling beverage portfolio.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Yeah. I think on that, predominantly, we have existing bottlers that are expanding, if you look at the percentages of territories that have been franchised. And then we have, in order to ensure that we can get the right level of diversity in our bottling business and the right level of also representation, we have also selected some new partners like in Florida, like in Chicago and like now the most recent one announced. And we feel that that is a healthy mix and that that's also a healthy balance. And we have, very much, the right approach and the right alignment with our expanding bottling partners, whether they are just entering our system or they are proven expanding bottlers, like the ones that we've mostly franchised new distribution to in the past year.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Yeah, Bill, this is Muhtar. We said from the beginning, first, that the new campaign is not just a new campaign, but also, it's a new strategy, in terms of the one brand strategy, and that it's got many advantages. And we expect it to give us significant efficiencies and effectiveness. But also, in terms of how we communicate with our consumers, it will certainly play into that as we execute the strategy. And we've now launched the new campaign. And then I'll let James comment in terms of, you asked the Mexico-specific example, but also, there's also many other places where it's being tested, and tested favorably. Go ahead, James.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: One point I'd just add, Amit, would be that the U.S. compared to the rest of the world, the prevalence of small packages was much less in the United States three, four years ago compared to the rest of the world. If you look at Europe and places like Spain, or if you look at many countries in Latin America, you had much more prevalence of smaller packages than in the United States. So in a way, the United States in the last four, five years, but particularly the last two and a half years has moved very rapidly to the 12-ounce glass to the 8-ounce glass to the 7.5-ounce can to the 8.5-ounce aluminum bottle. And that has really worked and those are all growing double digits in the United States because the consumer and customer preferences, and also benefiting our system because they have a higher price per liter. And so that's in a way playing out from what was already prevailing in many parts of the world in the past.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Yeah, Robert, it's Muhtar here. I think, first, in terms of the efficiencies, the most important benefit will be simpler and less fragmented communication with the consumer. That will be the biggest benefit, but also it will certainly help create more efficiencies and effectiveness in our non-working EME (55:32) and, therefore, will also provide some productivity in that respect. But the most important benefit will certainly be a less cluttered and better and more direct communication with the consumer base. And in terms of the trial of product, that will certainly come as a result of that, of what James mentioned in terms of better presence in the store, in terms of better merchandising, in terms of better interruptions in the store and also in terms of the communication piece. And we believe that the most important benefit of this will ensue and will come to brands like Coca-Cola Zero with more availability, better communication and have the broad perspective of the global campaign as opposed to the every different brand under the Coca-Cola trademark having their own campaigns. That will be how I think the benefits will come. And we trialed and pilots so far have proven that in Europe and other parts of the world.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Thank you, James, Kathy and Tim. We're in the midst of transforming The Coca-Cola Company to one that's even more focused on our core value creation model of building strong brands, enhancing customer value and leading our franchise system. At the same time, we continue to evolve and strengthen our global bottling system as we accelerate refranchising and as we return to a predominantly concentrate-driven model with significantly higher margins and returns. We remain confident that the long-term dynamics of our industry are promising. And we absolutely believe that The Coca-Cola Company is well-positioned to deliver long-term value to our shareowners. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us this morning.
James Quincey: Yeah, just let me add one last thought perhaps, John. At CAGNY, we talked about, we have a 50% share of sparkling and a 15% share of the stills, but I think it's worth remembering that, over the last 15 years, we've gone from stills being less, a single digit part of our portfolio, to now over 25% of our portfolio. So I think there's a long-term track record of generating growth and value in stills. Even given today our market position, we expect to continue to grow faster in stills. As we said in the call, we are gaining share in every subcategory, apart from one where we held it, and we'll continue to look for bolt-on acquisitions to accelerate our growth. So I think it's going to continue to be a faster growing part of the business.
James Quincey: Yeah, Judy. It's James here. A couple of things on Europe, one, it is worth noting that in this quarter, there was a disruption to the business in GB due to the supply chain. So there's a one-off impact that we expect to see not recurring in the balance of the year. So I think that's worth taking into account. And it was a material impact. Now, as looking for the rest of the year, you will see in the numbers we had pretty decent price/mix in Europe in this quarter. And we are also looking to see volume improving versus the first (34:40) quarter, not just because of the supply situation, but also the new programs, the launch of the new marketing campaign, the launch of a new Coke Zero variant starting in GB, plus the Europe Cup, which will be in France this year. And, of course, shortly, we will hopefully complete Coca-Cola European Partners, where there are very strong plans being put in place to drive that forward. So I think some temporary factors and the buildup of our ongoing investments should drive a better result in Europe in the balance of the year.
James Quincey: Sure, James here. I'll come to the numerical piece. Let me start off with the conceptual. (35:54) The Asia Pacific price/mix is always a little bit of an oddity, because it's a group that brings together Japan and Australia, which are very high revenue markets that don't grow as quickly, along with a lot of emerging markets, not just China but India, Indonesia and the Philippines, which grow much faster. So there's a kind of an ongoing mechanical effect that creates a negative price/mix for this group, which you can see over the years in Asia Pacific. So in 2013, full year, it was minus 4%. In 2014, it was minus 2%. In 2015, it was minus 2%. In the first quarter of 2016, obviously, it was minus 5%, but it was cycling a very atypical plus 3% in the first quarter of last year. So I think what you will see is in the future quarters, it is a little volatile and bumpy, but the long-term trend is for a negative price/mix in Asia because of the dynamic of the fast growth of the emerging markets versus Japan and Australia.
James Quincey: No, I think the one thing I would add, Ali, is obviously there's a strong momentum in the North America business. We called that out as the place where the strategies are working. And then the other countries I put in the other two buckets, there's degrees of implementation of the strategy. So you can go to around the world, there were places which were struggling in 2014 and maybe even in 2015, and as we've been executing the strategy, the momentum is starting to come back to some of those countries and it's starting to build over time. So I think, as Muhtar said, the first quarter was kind of within the envelope of expectation for our guidance. And we can see, based on what we're doing within our control, within a reasonable scenario of macros, we will stay within that corridor for the rest of the year, but in the end, I guess, only results will answer the question.
James Quincey: Let me take a bite of that, Kevin. I think the answer on the slowdown, we don't get all the category numbers necessarily. And but clearly, as we're gaining share in that top-line number, there's got to be some weakness in the category versus the long-term target of 5%. I think we talked a little bit about that at CAGNY about how our expectations for 2016 and 2017 were below the long-term 5% dollar value for NARTD. So there's definitely some of that. And I think you can see the macros influencing the industry in the sense that it's the number of the emerging markets, particularly the commodity ones, where we've had the slowdown, and that's clearly flowing through into the industry. I think what I would highlight is, we're going to focus on what we can control. We have a long-standing game plan of what to do in countries that are in crisis, focusing on really gaining a lot of share, to set ourselves up profitably for the long term. It's worked in a lot of countries in the past, and it seems to be working now as we gain share in the Chinas and the Russias and the Brazils. It'll pay off in the end. I think the visibility, look, we're managing to our corridors at the top and the bottom line. We feel that this quarter was within the envelope. Clearly the macros, slightly better, slightly worse, will be an influence on where we end up. But we've got a lot of management left to do in the balance of the year.
James Quincey: Yeah, Bill, a few thoughts. One, the initial pilot markets, the two sources of very clear impact were, one, it helped us expand and grow the zero calorie variant of Coca-Cola by driving availability and driving trial. So we would expect to see benefits on the zero sugar variants. The second big area of benefit is, it helps us create what we would call corporate blocking. In other words, we execute in stores all the variants of Coca-Cola together as one big block, has a much greater store impact, visual impact, engagement with people who are shopping the stores. I think slightly more strategically, and back to Muhtar's point, this is an implementation of a strategic idea. I'm sure we'll evolve it. I'm sure we'll make it better, but it's the strategic idea that's important. It's not just about the efficiency in the advertising. It's about helping consumers join and stay in the Coca-Cola franchise, whatever of the ingredients they want to manage, including their management of added sugars, whether that's in drinks or any other categories that have added sugar in. So this has a number of benefits that are going to play out strategically, and we will keep improving the execution.
James Quincey: Yes. A few thoughts then. Clearly, North America has had a lot of traction in pushing forward smaller packages, away from the traditional two-liter and multi-pack of cans. It is worth noting that some of those packages are premium packages, and some of those are intended to create affordability or low price point entry points for the category, whether it be the mini cans. And that combination does generally help price/mix. You can see that starting to roll out across other parts of the world. I think Latin America's traditionally been very good at that. You do see more of it coming in to Asia Pacific and Eurasia on a global basis. The immediate consumption packages outpaced general volume growth. So it is part of our strategy to push more into smaller packages. Just this last month, India launched a new technology, a very small package with a special technology that allows a much longer shelf life in ambient environment of rural India, so it will be able to get to many more places. So, a lot of innovation in the technology, a lot of innovation in the package, in the sizes and the occasions and the channels, so that we can bring down the price points for affordability, take advantage of premiumization, and also offer people the right amount of any beverage that they want to actually consume.
James Quincey: Yeah, Vivien, I think a couple of things. One, obviously most of our campaigns are weighted into the second, third and fourth quarters. So those are the biggest quarters. And even Taste the Feeling, we announced it this quarter, but it's only really hitting at towards the end of the quarter and rolling out in the rest of the year, as with the Euro Cup and the Olympics. So I think a lot of the programs are going in later this year. They, obviously, the execution is there. So we would expect to see better performance from Trademark Coca-Cola going into the downhill. I would make one other note, which is the relative change in where global growth is coming from, or industry growth is coming from, a little more in developed and developing, a little less in emerging, tends to create a kind of a portfolio effect that weighs a little more against sparkling and, therefore, Coca-Cola, because those emerging markets tend to be more sparkling orientated. And so you see North America, Latin America, Japan, with stronger stills growth. So we do expect to see growth. We would expect to see it coming back. There is a geographic mix impact, but when we look at the markets, we believe we will be back on track with Coca-Cola.
