James Quincey: Yeah, sure. Good morning, Lauren. Firstly, as John said, we feel confident about our outlook to drive the year from the top line. Let me connect that perhaps starting to 2022. As we commented, we saw steady volume growth through the year, including the fourth quarter. I know we reported a headline number of minus one. But if you accommodate the suspension of Russia and the COVID restrictions in China and take a three-year CAGR of volume growth, you see a pretty constant growth momentum through the year. And we would also comment that, that growth momentum has continued into the beginning of 2023. So we see strong underlying volume momentum or ongoing volume momentum that we have been able to achieve by our focus on the marketing innovation, the RGM and the execution to accommodate the need for affordability and premiumization in the face of inflation. And as John commented, we do see both inflation moderating as we go through 2023 and of course, our own pricing PMO beginning to moderate as we go through '23 in part because, the input costs inflation is moderating, but also because we begin to cycle some of the price increases from 2022. And what that's likely to net out as obviously, we've given a seven to eight for the full year. And what we're likely to see is the beginning of the Q1, we're likely to see revenue growth more close to what -- the sort of levels we were achieving coming out of last year. And that then logically, the organic growth rate moderates as we get towards the end of the year, looking to close out on a more normalized level of revenue growth. And then when you average that out, you get to the seven to eight. So, I think we're going to see good momentum through the year, moderating revenue growth rate as a function of moderating inflation ultimately. And what will remain is a good, strong underlying momentum of our business that has been powering the last five years, and we are confident we'll continue to power the years ahead at the sort of level of top line relative to the long-term growth model that we have previously talked about.
James Quincey: Yes. So look, the long-term -- firstly, we had good growth last year, and we started the year with growth in unit case growth, obviously with PMO. As we look forward, what's normal on our revenue growth rate, we have called out, we expect to get a balance of the growth between unit cases and price/ mix on an ongoing basis. Exactly how that turns out in the second half will depend on the environment or the dynamics and whether inflation does moderate, how much pressure the consumer does come under. Our central view is we will continue to see unit case growth in the second half, combined with price/mix moderating, as I talked about, as the organic -- overall organic trend. But our focus remains executing against our plan. And obviously, that involves not just a focus on the marketing and the innovation. But within the RGM, we have, as one of our objectives, to maintain consumers within our franchise by leveraging our pricing and packaging strategies to support affordability around the world to keep the lower -- perhaps lower-income consumers in the franchise, which, of course, is to some extent an underpinning on volume. We prefer that as a strategy than to have more price and less volume. So again, our central view is to see continued level of unit case growth in the second half with obviously a moderating price mix to get to the overall revenue. But we're going to manage the business. In the end, we don't know exactly what's going to happen. There are lots of scenarios as to how this might play out, but we're confident we can drive the momentum of the business.
James Quincey: Sure. I'll take that in reverse order, Dara. We'll count that as two halves of a question rather than two questions. Let me give you another way of thinking about 2023 because I agree, there is a good deal of uncertainty on how this might play out. But there's been a tremendous amount of volatility and uncertainty over the last five years or four years. If you were to take a compound annual growth rate of unit cases and price/mix over the last, I don't know, four or five years and look at that number, I think you'd end up with something around two on volume and four or five on price. So you could look back and say, wow, we were on a crazy ride there. But in the end, we've got a good number. And so I look at 2023, so yes, something unexpected is bound to happen. But as we have expanded our ability to influence our own business, we have been adaptable in the face of all sorts of circumstances and being able to deliver the results we want, which is winning locally and turning that into our US dollar EPS growth. And so that's what gives us the confidence. We don't know what's going to happen, but we do know we've generated a lot of momentum, a lot of flexibility and a lot of agility to be able to manage through what's going to come at us. And so that's really the source of the confidence rather than being able to say we know what the future holds entirely. And as we look around the world, taking the various different pieces, starting in Europe perhaps or in EMEA, clearly, Europe is under some more pressure. The impacts of the conflict drove a much greater spike in -- short-term spike in inflation. That's playing itself through. It looks like the European economies are going to avoid a technical recession, but clearly, consumer demand is softening, and I think that's likely to continue into the rest of the year. And looking at the other markets in EMEA, if you're a resource seller, you're doing well. If you're a resource buyer, you're under more pressure. Obviously, Turkey, tragic situation with the earthquake, but also the economy has been under pressure already. So the emerging markets there are a full range. And similarly, in Africa, South Africa is important to us. They've got a very big problem in terms of energy, which is hampering the economic growth. So, there's more pressure in EMEA. The US continues to be strong. We've got momentum in the business on the top line, doing well. The situation seems to be moderating without causing a hard landing. As of yet, we expect to see the pressure to continue to moderate, but the economy and the consumption, at least of beverages, continues to be good. Latin America, similarly, there's been -- obviously, there's some places which continue to have very high inflation and the economic problems like the Argentinas of the world. But Latin America is doing well. And then out to Asia, obviously, the reopening of China is going to be a positive for the business, certainly on a cycle basis. India is flying. ASEAN, we expect come back up as those two large economies do well, and we think that will also do well for Japan. So we see both a continued acceleration or continued growth in a number of markets, some doing really well, but the general context being a moderation of the inflation. And then the zillion dollar question always comes back to is the process of bringing inflation down going to be hard, soft or perfect landing, and that we will see.
James Quincey: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. Absolutely, we see opportunities in 2023 and, frankly, beyond to continue to leverage the capability around RGM to both use affordability to keep typically lower income consumers enacted and engaged with our brand franchises whilst also pursuing premiumization. And then it's going to be dynamic implementation as we go forward. We're going to see continuations into 2023 of different sorts of packaging options, whether they be drives around returnables, whether they be drives, which obviously tend, given the economics of returnables to have lower price points, whether you see, for example, in emerging markets, the greater use of 1-liter packaging instead of larger packaging for at-home occasions, we're going to continue to see a lot of opportunity to push forward right across the world with affordability options. And given that they tend to be dilutive to margins, we also look for all those consumer opportunities for premiumization, whether it be directly a brand launch. I mean things like the Jack and Coke will be accretive to revenue, or directly within some of our brands to use the sleek cans and the smaller cans to kind of put more premium packaging into the marketplace. It will be an ongoing -- ongoing effort, and we don't see the runway of that running out anytime soon.
James Quincey: It can be both, Nik. And obviously, it depends whether we're talking about supermarkets, convenience stores or small mom-and-pops. The more we're talking about smaller stores or convenience or the mom-and-pops, the more it is replacement. Obviously, we make a big focus even in those smaller formats to gain incremental space, whether it'd be in the coal vaults or on the floor with our own coolers and our own racks. That absolutely does increase the beverage category phasings. But there's nothing wrong in any given store with looking at the SKU layout and saying, look, I'm going to take some of these SKUs and make them -- replace them with more affordable SKUs. And I'm going to take some of them and put more premium options in such that the total mix works not just for us, but also for the customer and, ultimately, for the consumer. It's got to work for the consumer. Otherwise, it's not going to rotate faster than the setup that's already in there because in the end, the customer is going to support these strategies because it works for them, because it works for the consumer, and everyone is better off with the implementation. So, yes, a mix of incremental versus cannibalized phasings, ultimately, by focusing on the consumer, you get a better answer for them, that creates a better answer for the customer, that creates a better answer for the coke system.
James Quincey: Yes, sure. We're clearly going to, as we have in 2021 and 2022, have a bias to invest for growth. That's our starting point. And as we demonstrated in the early years of the pandemic, if we see overall or in any specific countries that, that allocation towards driving growth is inappropriate at some sort of level, we've demonstrated the ability to act quickly to redirect the money either somewhere else or to let it go to the bottom line. So we're going to use all the data we get in from the field to be very dynamic in our resource allocation. We largely feel, we have achieved an appropriate level of marketing. Yes, that's going to increase in 2023 because we're growing the business in the same way, as John mentioned, we're going to increase our CapEx to support the bits of the business where CapEx needs to flow. But we are going to manage all of this with an agile hand depending on the circumstances. We talked in the answer -- the answers to the other questions that we don't know what the year will hold. We have a central view that it's growth-orientated, the balances, volume and price that accommodates different pressures around the world and different speeds of moderation of inflation, but it's a bias towards growth, and we will be fast and adaptable in the face of anything different.
James Quincey: Sure. I mean, first, one has to kind of break down the, global dynamic because each major region or each country is a different place. But let me start with the central idea that we pursue, which is we need to earn the right pay price. It's not our strategy to think of our business as commoditized where prices just flow up and down in a kind of mechanical way. We need to own our pricing by delivering for the consumers value that they appreciate through the marketing, through the innovation, through the RGM, the pricing and packaging work, through the execution such that they see value in our brands that can sustain the pricing that the input costs are driving us towards. And that ultimately then has to work for the customers. And because it has to work for the consumers, it then flows down the customers. So we've earned the right to price with the consumers. Then we can go to our customer partners and say, 'Look, we think that we can lead the beverage category to grow faster than your business.' Yes, we believe we're going to be more competitive because we understand the consumers and we're going to gain share, but we can lead the beverage category, deliver more growth for you and be a disproportionate share of your rate revenue growth relative to other categories,' which is what, for example, was demonstrated last year in Europe, where I think we led -- we added more revenue growth than any other system for retailers in Europe last year. And that is the platform on which we then fold in the conversations around pricing and packaging for any given year. So yes, of course, there's pressure in the marketplace. But in the end, we have an approach we believe, is consumer-centric and that drives growth for the customers because they also want to keep the consumers too.
James Quincey: So firstly, in any given country, channel mix has largely recovered 2019 levels. Yes, there are some exceptions like China, which is only just now reopening, and a couple of other countries. And when I say, largely normalized, if you take something like the US, clearly, there are a number of away-from-home outlets that have dropped out of the marketplace. So there's a tail or there's a last piece of the recovery channel that is not going to happen overnight and may not happen for some time to come. But in headline terms, other than a little bit of positive channel effect perhaps in the first half, I think we can put a line on the channel mix being – or the recovery of the channel mix relative to the pandemic being a major driver of price/mix going forward. Yes, package mix will continue to be a factor, as it has been in previous years and prior to the pandemic, Clearly, as we pursue a dual strategy of keeping consumers in this franchise with affordability and looking for premiumization opportunities, the two can somewhat offset each other, one's dilutive, one's accretive, but they're both valuable strategies that need to taken forward. So I think predominantly, what you're going to see in 2023 is the ongoing moderation of rate pricing, both as we cycle rate increases or price increases from 2022 and as inflation in general and inflation specifically to us, whether it be in SG&A, or in commodities begins to moderate.
James Quincey: Yeah. Let me take that in parts. The features that we have in the long-term relationship model in Latin America, we're rolling those out in a number of other places. And clearly, the more we can intensify whatever the framework gets called, the degree of alignment towards investing to capture the opportunities in the marketplace, the better off we're going to be, us and our bottling partners, in any given geography. So absolutely, we continue to see opportunities to work even closer together to capture opportunities in the marketplace. The nature of those investments, the nature of the opportunity are not exactly the same as Latin America. Clearly, the trade structure differs around the world. Latin America has a number of particular features that not necessarily replicated in the US or Europe or Japan, for example. But the overall concept of a tighter longer term investment focus on the opportunities is really going to drive -- continue to drive performance into the future years. And I think, in Latin America, we've got a great business there collectively as a system because we focused on investing into the marketplace and into the traditional trade for a very long time, along with all the other customers in Latin America. But there are still plenty of opportunities to go both from the top line and from the point of view of improving returns. So I think you'll find or everyone will find that the Latin American bottlers, as bottlers around the world are -- that we see a lot -- collectively, we see a lot of opportunities ahead of us to drive the top line and to continue to improve returns on the bottling assets.
James Quincey: Yeah. So we're certainly planning for China to become more normalized, reopening ala the US and Europe. And so we will see a more normal level of volume in China and a recovery to the 2019 or growth on the 2019 numbers as time come through as we go through the year in China. And then in terms of the carryover, clearly, there's some carryover, particularly in the first half from 2022. But we will be taking pricing in 2023. Now having said we will be taking pricing, the world is very different. I mean, there are countries where inflation is well over 50%. So pricing is taken multiple times a year. Argentina is an obvious example. So in the developed markets, it's likely we'll trend more back towards more standard cycles of pricing, but there will be price increases across the world in 2023 to reflect both the continuing inflation in import and SG&A costs. Obviously, we need to, as I talked about in the previous answer, earn the right to that pricing, but there will be pricing in 2023.
James Quincey: Yes. Great. Thanks, Rob. And certainly, we will unpack a little more of this at the CAGNY presentation and the CAGNY conversation. So I'm sure I won't do full justice to the question in this session.  In terms of the initiatives in the marketplace, we have an aspiration of being a total beverage company everywhere. That's not going to happen overnight. And so we need to make progress in a disciplined way in different category, country combinations, as we've talked about, to establish leadership positions, preferably quality leadership positions, in the next set of country category combinations on our journey to the total aspiration. And within that, there are ones that are off to the races and flying away. And there are ones where we still need to demonstrate to ourselves we can execute against the vision. If I take the two you called out, Costa, BODYARMOR, to start with, the essential thesis behind coffee remains the same. It's a huge market. It's growing. There's lots of money in it. If we can find a path, there's a tremendous growth opportunity for the Coke system there. We've got a vision. The reality is timing was very unfortunate getting it just before the pandemic. In strategic terms, despite all the experimentation, despite all the learning, despite all the initial steps, in big strategic terms, we haven't advanced because, essentially, COVID put it on hold for three years. We now need to get the execution ramped up for cost against the vision and in the coming years demonstrate that, that holds water. BODYARMOR, great job. We obviously incorporated that into the company last year. And I think we -- whilst we always expect some level of disruption as we move a business that has been grown quickly and prepared for sale by the founders into the Coke system, there's often some disruption in the short-term. But frankly, I think there was more in 2022 than we would -- than we expected or would have liked. But we have a good plan going forward in 2023 that will kind of reset BODYARMOR on a good path and in a complementary way to Powerade. Other initiatives, which we're looking very interested in the degree of traction in some of the alcohol experiments, particularly looking to see Jack and Coke do well. Early data in Mexico launched at the end of last year was encouraging ahead of expectations. The US launch will be very interesting at the end of March. And all of that will be backed up by the continued work on the culture and organization, whilst it will never -- nothing ever settles. It never ends. But I think, really, it's about continuing to stand up and execute against the internal initiatives we've already launched. The organization is coming together. We made a few tweaks in North America coming into the year, but the organization is getting up and running and starting to harm. The marketing model change is starting to show good results and promise. So, I think, it's a question of seeing through the things we've launched to really up our game in the coming years.
James Quincey: Yes. India had a cracking year last year and is off to a strong start this year. I think, the -- our overall backdrop to this is, firstly, that the Indian economy and the Indian consumer base is approaching, in highest level terms, a level of GDP per head, at which historically, the beverage industry has tended to accelerate its development. And so, we are very encouraged by the potential in India to develop a fantastic beverage industry and beverage opportunity. I mean, ultimately, the development of industry is very nascent in India, and there's a huge potential to build the industry over many decades. And so, that's being driven, not just by the affordable entry price points, although they are growing. Really, it's a question of actually everything. It's growing on all dimensions. It's growing in terms of the depth of the different brands. It's growing in distribution. It's growing in number of packages. And so, I think, there's a huge long potential in India. It won't, in all likelihood, be a straight line, but there is huge potential in India. And really in a way, India exemplifies the very long-term opportunity of a whole set of emerging markets, India, Africa, parts of Eurasia, parts of ASEAN to actually -- they themselves have 80% of the world's population. And the development of the beverage industry is a-third of what it is in the developed market. They only pay for about I think 3 in 10 of the commercial beverages, which is -- or 2 in 10 of the commercial beverage, whereas 7 in 10 in the developed ones. So India typifies the long-term potential of the beverage industry to keep growing. And I think it's a market that is set to take off.
James Quincey: Thank you, operator. So to summarize, we have momentum in our business. We're winning in the marketplace, sustainability embedded in our strategies and strong alignment with our bottling partners. We are pursuing excellence in brand building, innovation, revenue growth management and execution to add and retain consumers and drive long-term value for our stakeholders. Thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us this morning. Thank you.
