Muhtar Kent: I'll take your second question first. Let me just say that you heard me say that we're looking at investing $25 billion with our bottling partners in the next 5 years. As I said on CNBC this morning, too, the fact that we are generating a good quarter now is not only a result of the good execution and the focus on -- the laser focus on the priorities and executing against those priorities and the strategies. It's about the investments that we made 6, 7, 8 quarters ago and that we continue to make both in our brands, in innovation capabilities, in distribution capabilities, in route-to-market, in equipment and in enlarging the production base. When you look at the base that we have in a country like China today and generating the kind of growth we are generating on that base, you need significant infrastructure investments in a market just to deliver that kind of volume incrementally on top of the huge base. And that holds true for Africa, that holds true for Latin America, all of the higher growth markets. So we are in Turkey. We're investing very heavily with our bottling partners in Asia, in Latin America, in Africa, in Eurasia. And I think the testament, the best litmus test again for the health of our business is our bottlers' appetite for additional investments with us as well as, of course, appetite for additional territory. And we have both, and that's a very good sign in our business. But primarily, our bottling partners are seeing with us tremendous opportunities for continued growth. That growth cannot come without conviction, belief, followed by investment that generates -- and then well-executed that generates the growth that we're getting. So I think today, the investments that we're making in this -- that we made in this past quarter, while we delivered a good quarter, are going to pay off in the coming quarters. So that's the way you need to think about it. And then secondly, on Japan, look, I think our Japanese bottling partners have been very quick to come together and investing and ensuring that we have -- we’re supplying the market ahead of the trends, ahead of the consumer demand, ahead of the customers' expectations. And that's what we have been doing very successfully in Japan, rationalizing SKUs, which we have done in order to ensure that we can navigate through the current restrictions in energy and other areas that the country is going through. And we're playing our part just like also some innovative mechanisms to save more energy on our cooler base, cold drink base in Japan that we've done and implemented successfully and have received also great words of support from the government, local and federal in Japan. But look, we're cycling a quarter, like, coming quarter of 11%, due to the very, very unusually hot climatic conditions that existed there in Q3 next year -- last year. And so, as we look forward into H2, the second half of the year, we see a very challenging cycle, but also ongoing issues around energy, around opening hours for retailers and the like. But look, over time, we see all of this being normalized, and the good news is that we are ahead of where we thought we would be today when we talked to you 3 or 4 months ago. And that’s, I think, the key message about our Japanese business that you need to take away. And I think, as we did with the global macroeconomic crisis, we haven't wasted the current crisis in Japan. We've used it to become stronger, to become -- to invest further and to ensure that our brands also are very healthy and successful. And again, the $250 million investment, system investment by our bottling partners in Japan, is another great testament to that. So that's what I’d like to leave you with.
Muhtar Kent: I think it's fair to say that in China, our business, the industry continue to evolve at a very high speed. And again, we're introducing a wider variety of packages choice to promote both affordability as well as enhancing the Chinese consumer experience with our brands, all really in a way to focus to drive increased transactions. I think that is a great -- we're looking increasingly at the health of the business through increased transactions and also profitable growth and to continue building both brand equity with our consumers. So as 1 of the only 2 multicategory beverage players in China, the measure of our success will be how we grow our total business between now and 2020 versus our growth in any particular quarter. And clearly, I think with the consumer fundamentals and our strong position in China, we're just getting started, I believe, in this region. And we're investing for the long term. And we're ahead of our investment announced of $2 billion over the 3-year period starting with 2009 through ’11. And the key strategies and initiatives are to expand our portfolio and packaging, continue to invest in our distribution system and to invest aggressively in Cold Drink. You asked about Cold Drink. This year, probably, we'll be placing more cold drink equipment than we've ever done in our history, for sure. And then, we are getting growth increasingly in Tier 3, but also continue to grow our business vertically, as well as slightly horizontal growth in Tier 1 and Tier 2. And important to note, also, brand Coca-Cola was up 24% in the past quarter in China, and we're excited with the focus paying off, as well as with the packaging strategy paying off and our strategy of improving, enhancing consumer experience paying off in China.
Muhtar Kent: Right. And that is fundamental to the health of our business, overall, and our ability to deliver sustainable profitable growth, and think of it as a soft landing. This is not about taking, going down path and altitude, and creating indigestion and headaches for people in the plane. It's all about ensuring that we can fine-tune our business, and consumer-led pricing is the key and choice is the key. And portion packs are working very well for us across wherever we've introduced them selectively and with surgical focus, whether it's in the United States, whether it's in Europe, Latin America or China. And I think, a great, again, indicator of health of our business is growth of transactions. And where volume grows and transactions do not grow at the same rate, business needs to be fine-tuned. We have that philosophy and we implement that philosophy without -- with ensuring that we always have soft landings. And that it's a mix of happiness when you have -- when you're able to increase transactions as well as increase your volume and also your share. And that's the position we'd like to see ourselves in every market, and that's what I'd like to just leave you with. And as far as you asked about where do we see this in terms of China, I think the issue, the picture of success there again is to keep growing the volume, but also ensuring that we can generate commensurate growth in transactions, without disrupting the business, as we implement this strategy and this -- execute with focus. And over to Gary now for your other question.
Muhtar Kent: Yes, Christine. I think Europe, we're obviously pleased with the result, given the macro conditions in Europe, overall. As I said before, Europe is not as uniform as, say, Japan or the United States in terms of the economic recovery. There are regions of Europe that really are not doing badly at all. Germany is one. The exports are still booming out of Germany. The German economic growth is leading the rest of the countries in Europe. Great Britain is sort of pretty much in the middle, and then you've got the sort of Eastern Europe coming back, although not coming back very strongly. But there are signs of Eastern Europe, Central Europe, Hungary, Czech Republic, Slovakia, then also Romania and Bulgaria and former Yugoslavia, Croatia, Serbia, Montenegro and former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, all of those places coming back and we expect that to continue, Poland as well. But the real issue still continues to be in terms of consumer confusion and lots of missed, and consumers being extremely cautious in the southern part, in Spain, Italy also, Greece, Spain, being Spain and Portugal. But we were pleased to see that Spain grew this past quarter, and we see the programs that we're putting into place with our bottlers, the investments in our brands, paying off. And we do believe that we're going to strive to continue growing in Europe on the back of these 4 consecutive quarters. France, of course, is a great performance. We've had cycling 8%, growing 8%. Germany, again, cycling growth and growing, and Great Britain more moderate growth, and then Spain up in the mid-single digits. So we're very positive about that. And then Philippines, Christine, obviously a very, very challenging environment in the Philippines, with the aftereffects of food inflation still lingering on. There was a lot of hot money that came into the Philippines' economy back about 4 quarters ago, back during the election, and I think we're cycling that period. But the good news is that we're doing the right things in the Philippines, investing in our brands, gaining market share in the Philippines in both sparkling and still beverages, and getting stronger in the Philippines. And therefore, when the current environment stabilizes, and we do believe that we're going to come out of the tunnel stronger and better in the Philippines, where our penetration is growing in all different socioeconomic retail outlets, as well as driving volume and value share and brand health getting better for both Coca-Cola as well as our allied brands, Sprite and Fanta, but also for our still beverage brands.
Muhtar Kent: But just a couple of points to add to that, Judy. Number one, I think if you look at the overall business where volume was up, excluding the cross-licensed brands, 5% comparable increases in concentrate and then currency added to that and then price mix, 2 points of price mix across our core business around the world. That is something that again, in this environment, we’re cautiously pleased with. So that's an important point. The second, I think, point is that in the U.S. business, we talked to you about 1% to 2% price increase in sort of the first quarter. I think it's fair to say that we have taken actions in the marketplace. And we just have to now turn, go through it and implement it effectively in the second half. But we have taken measures for another 3% to 4% price increase generating probably a rate increase of, overall, for the full year of 2% to 3%. And I think anything on price mix will come on top of that. That's where we are in the U.S. business. And I think you will see us, you'll see that being reflected in the marketplace. I certainly, as I go into the marketplace, see that reflected. I was in the marketplace in the West Coast as well as on the East Coast this past 10 days, and I see that coming into play. And that is something that’s important as we continue to execute and with focus on the second half of the year, as we move into our third quarter now.
Muhtar Kent: Well, premium pricing is all relative. It's all based on the price packaging channel, architecture. And I think at the end of the day, if that translates into a higher number for you or an incremental number on top of the rate increase that I talked about, which is on average for the full year, 3 or 4, but for the second half, 3 to 4, and for the full year, 2 to 3; then that is certainly a benefit that we would be looking for and we will be executing against. But again, all the time, all the time, I repeat, consumer-led pricing as opposed to just costs-led, and because it's a balance that is really critically important. And also, the value share gain is something that is right on top of the radar screen for us.
Muhtar Kent: Thank you, Gary, Jackson. In closing, we had a strong second quarter and delivered solid mid-year performance. We're executing our 2020 Vision, advancing our global momentum by working closely with all of our key stakeholders. We're deploying our cash to invest in our brands, grow our global business and reward our shareholders. We're on track to deliver against our long-term growth targets and remain intently focused on working across our system to execute our key strategic priorities and generate long-term sustainable growth. Our proven track record of creating value over time is a testament to this dynamic commercial enterprise, as well as business, that has only just begun to reach its potential. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Gary Fayard: John, on share repurchase, first, just for everyone's clarification, if you are engaged in anything that would be material inside information, the securities laws in this country would preclude you from buying your own shares. And we were looking at some strategic alternatives during the quarter. And therefore, we thought it prudent to not be in the market during that time. I can confirm that as of today, there is nothing that would preclude us from re-entering the market to repurchase our shares, now that the earnings release is out.
Gary Fayard: Yes, Mark, well, number one, we are putting coverage into place in 2012. It is not all in place because we would normally be entering into those contracts now and through the fall, as we're doing our business planning and all. I guess the impact, it's hard to tell you the impact today, because there's a lot of volatility and the prices aren't locked in. What I can tell you though is particularly on some of the commodities, let's say corn, we have very favorable hedge contracts in place today for 2011. And that's included in the calculation of the $700 million. So don't expect to see anything like $700 million next year. But we will be then cycling in certain of those commodities, some favorable hedge positions that we had this year. But with all that said, I'd say there's going to be some commodity pressure next year. It's not going to be anything like, based on what we know today, like it is this year. And I'm talking more U.S. now, because obviously, since all of these are dollar-based commodities on the international side, a lot of that then gets offset by currency, the way currencies have been moving recently. So I'd say there's going to be some pressure next year, but nothing like we've seen this year.
Gary Fayard: On PET, I think, number one, you would think because it's plastic and most of it historically has been sourced out of petroleum, that it would be closely linked to the price of oil, and it's actually not. It's really -- there are 2 main ingredients that go into making the plastic itself. There is a real supply-demand relative to those 2 ingredients and there's a global shortage of one of those. By the way, that -- this is more than you probably want to know. But a lot of that relates to the price of cotton, of all things, because -- and price of cotton, as you know, this past year has been kind of historic highs. What that means is that in clothing, a lot of the clothing will start going toward polyester versus cotton. That puts the demand side on polyester comes from the same source as PET, and that's what's given a lot of the pressure this year to PET resin. I think there’ll still be some pressure on it, but I don't see a lot more upward pressure into next year at this point. I guess the one thing I would say as well, I think that's where it's really important, not only from an environmental and a consumer point of view, our PlantBottle, which in our PlantBottle, 30% of the ingredient now coming from renewable sources from plants versus petroleum. And as we go forward, I think, and looking at increasing capacity in that, we can continue to increase our packaging of the PlantBottle globally. That can help us not only environmentally, but also on the commodity costs side. So this is one of those where you can do good and do better because of both consumer and costs.
Gary Fayard: It's too soon to say, I'd say, right now. I'll try to give you some more on that end of the third quarter.
Gary Fayard: Caroline, I think as we look in 2011, some underlying trends have slowed somewhat. Consumers are still cautious in Russia. But we had a very strong Q1 with volume up 27%, strong share gains. And then this quarter again, we're driving our core brands, which are much more profitable and they're a very healthy brand, Coke up 17%, Fanta up much higher than that, almost double, higher than 30% growth since the relaunch of Orange, with both natural colors as well as ingredients. And I think the juice category suffered the most in the economic crisis. So Multon was challenged, but we should see improvement in Q4, going forward, as both Multon integration continues and the Nidan operation continues to perform above our expectations. And we've continued to gain market share again in the second quarter, both in sparkling as well as still beverages. And we're again cautiously pleased with the strength of our core brands, which are really the foundation for our success to become a bigger player in NARTD in Russia, going forward, than where we are today. And I think we need to continue to drive our core brands in the way we're doing. And that's generating again much better also revenues for us in Russia, as a system with our bottling partners. Now concerning juices in the United States, I signaled in my script that we led pricing with Simply, 6% to 9%. Certainly the commodity pricing for fruit was a challenge, going forward. We put that behind us, and we still generated growth in our Simply brand. And we believe that we have the right propositions in juice going forward in the United States, and that we will continue to drive profitable growth in our juice business, both at the higher end with Simply and Odwalla, but also at the more mid-range, with all the innovations that are taking place with Minute Maid that we're in the marketplace with.
Gary Fayard: Judy, if I could give you that, I would then have to admit to Muhtar that I could give it to him as well. And the issue -- what you're asking for are pro formas, basically, so that you can actually break it apart and see it. And the difficulty with pro formas that -- it’s what I explained to North American leadership within the company, to Muhtar and now to you, is that because of the integration, it wasn't just an acquisition, we truly integrated the businesses where the Juice business is now inside of CCR, the Food Service business is inside of CCR and the Food Service team is now selling both fountain as well as bottle/can as well as juice products. So I can't pro forma and pull it all apart, to actually give you those pieces. So basically, all I can do is try to give you kind of the detail we've given you on the call, and then just ask for your indulgence and patience until we cycle through all of it, 2 more quarters, and then next year, it will all look normal.
Gary Fayard: Yes, in that in Q3, Q3 would really be probably the biggest quarter, additional pricing went in, in Q3. And commodities are going to -- the commodity increases are kind of in there already. So I think your logic is correct.
Gary Fayard: Yes, Judy, thanks for the question. There are 2 things that can keep you out of the market. One is if you're looking at strategic alternatives that are material insider information and that can be either in the U.S. or internationally, and then when we go into a quiet period where the numbers actually come in for the quarter. And what I'm saying is that we are free to reenter the market on both counts today.
