James Quincey: Sure. Let me offer you a couple of thoughts, Steve. I think one is to -- one metric that we track, and I think, we've put some numbers in our CAGNY presentation if I remember correctly, is looking at the contribution of innovation to overall volume or revenue growth or gross margin growth. So just tracking quite simply what was existing and what was new and what's contributing to the base. And that is useful to us not just to know what's new and what's existing, but on the thesis that the most important thing is to work out how to stay relevant there are innovations which are about new products, but there are innovations about marketing and packaging, which is all aimed to help us stay relevant. So innovation shouldn't be seen just as narrowly as the physical liquid product. It needs to be also seen as the packaging and the marketing. So we do measure the narrow, which is the product but we're also [interested] [ph] in the broad. And ultimately what that ladders up to is driving the framework we've talked about, which is the leader, challenger, explorer and the zombies. So in the end, the innovations in the product, the packaging, the marketing, the execution, the co-brand it's all about getting more quality leadership positions. And so we're measuring there how many of the leaders are growing faster than personal consumption. Are they expanding their leadership position? How many of the challengers are gaining a decent amount of value share each year, because if they don't gain a decent amount of value share each year, they'll never arrive at being leader. And how many of the explorers are growing double-digits? We called out in the scriptures then that with half the explorers are growing double-digits, so there was only one-third last year. So innovation should be seen as in service of creating quality leadership for the brands and that's the highest level metric that we look at in the end.
James Quincey: Yeah. Okay. I think the first thing I would say is that the Asia Pacific volume growth in the first quarter was very much in line with the volume growth in 2018. I think the question that was out there was in the fourth quarter when it softened a little was that a blip or was that the emergence of something else? And I think at least with the first quarter, the fourth quarter looks more like a blip. So I think it's a retaking of the momentum we have in 2018. Specifically what was driving it was, for example, in China we had very strong performance by the whole Coca-Cola trademark, as well as emphasizing single serve water and the recreating value in the water category that has been an ongoing theme for us in the China business. Obviously all of that was wrapped together with a good Chinese New Year. Tremendous activation on the marketing programs there. So, really a solid quarter by the Chinese business. In India, we did well, good performance by the sparkling but we also had in the case of India really strong growth in the juices. Maaza, which is the local mango centered juice business, was up very strongly along with some of the Minute Maid local Indian fruit flavors, so a nice performance there. We also saw Southeast Asia do better. Philippines, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam they were all in double-digits, so a really good performance across Southeast Asia. And Authentic Tea House, I know it made it into the release and I think it's starting to continue to do well. So we are pleased with the initial results. It's going to be a very -- it's definitively in the category of explorer. So it's growing. But I think there's a long, long road to go before we are happy with where we end up in tea in China.
James Quincey: Sure. I think firstly, the way we are seeing the opportunities for innovation in a product sense is in a way at the blurring edge or partly at the blurring edge with some of the categories. So the opportunity to have a Coke and coffee variant of Coca-Cola is really at that juncture of what are the benefits that people see in Coke versus what are the benefits they look for in coffee, especially perhaps in some of the markets where the occasions are less well-developed. Said another way, in the developed economies three-quarters of what people drink is already a commercial beverage. So they have a certain view as to what drinks go for what and what occasions. But in the emerging economies only a quarter of what they drink is a commercial beverage. So there's still a lot of in a way creating of the occasions and connecting of brands and benefits to certain occasions. So, there is opportunities to expand categories and to leverage the blurring of the edges. And I think Coke coffee is a great example of that, started out in Southeast Asia in that afternoon slump, and really married the benefits of Coke with coffee in a very unique way and has done most. And there's nothing about that that detracts from some of the more direct coffee drinks that we launched. Obviously, we've got Georgia coffee, we've got some other coffee drinks in the U.S. with partners, and we see a great opportunity to bring Costa ready-to-drink to the marketplace. We will be doing that later in the second quarter. So as we do that, of course, it's likely that will be concentrated in the markets where Costa already is and we'll be coming up with that later in the second quarter. And then as for how we foresee the rollout of the coffee platform not just the ready-to-drink, but the vending and being a beverage partner with beans and machines that we'll come back to later in the year as we have time to really solidify the expansion plans with the management of Costa. Obviously, we closed the acquisition well ahead of schedule. The integration has gone well and is ahead of schedule taking the business and the services out of Whitbread and connecting them to the Coke system. And we're currently working through the various stages of the synergy plans we see ahead.
James Quincey: Yeah. I mean, Coke Energy the -- again this is something that debase the dynamic of the blurring of some of the categories and the boundary between some of the categories. So there's -- with every category in energy is no different. There's a very core to the category, a central proposition that everyone understands the category to be. And then as the boundary of the category people have made innovations by adding other ingredients and starting to connect to benefits from other categories. And in the case of the energy category there has been a lot of growth in the central core of what the category stands for and that's what's propelled the category forward in largely North America and Europe and a few other parts of the world. The energy category in itself is still in development in many emerging markets. And, therefore, there's an opportunity in complement to the core brands within the energy category to work at the boundary. And Coke Energy is based on that dynamic. I mean, it's got the credentials and some of the origins to be able to connect to some of the energy need states. So we see that as a space where the energy category can grow. And we see that across our whole series of geographies. And we're going to experiment with Coke Energy and see how it works and then, obviously, refine the proposition. And we think it will help complement the other brands that sell successfully in this category.
James Quincey: Yeah. Great question. I think there's a difference between what's central to the brand and what are innovations that are likely to be either in or out or in a way noncore to the identity or the most central part of the brand. And so I would see brand Coke and what it stands for, and therefore Coke Zero Sugar as a key part of what the Coca-Cola brand is. Now things like coffee that's at the beginning we'll see how that develops. Clearly, that's a product variant that's crossing over into another category with coffee. And obviously, there is a danger there as you say that it becomes -- it starts to change the nature of Coke itself. Orange and Vanilla, I think is a flavor. We've had some history with flavors. Whether it will ultimately end up proving to be one of those ones that endures and is available in the market that doesn't get support or not time will tell. There are a number of them and they are different in different countries. And I think they add some interest and some connection to the brand. But they are ultimately not marketed in that sense and really driven by availability. In the end, what we have to steward is the vibrancy of the total brand. And of course, those variants that make up the core of the brand. We do that through a whole series of metrics, whether it be consumer metrics or in-market metrics. And I think that is a key challenge and an imperative, not just for the brand teams, but for the management as well.
James Quincey: Well I think the nature of being in CEO or in corporate management is nothing is ever as fast as you'd like it, but that's a challenge on how to improve its speed rather than something you can live with philosophically. I think look the reality is that you get a bit of everything. When there's a successful innovation in a market there's a very high likelihood that one of the neighboring markets will have seen it and moved on it before anyone from the center needs to say anything. In the end, we have to set up a system that allows that. Why? Because it's impossible for an enterprise as large as Coke to have everything directed from the center. It's just not possible to know everything and it's not possible to issue enough instructions to all the different markets. The system has to rely on the center focusing on the highest-leverage decisions. That could be moving in innovation around the world or ensuring that an innovation stay in a certain form. But it tends to be directed at a few big decisions and then a focus on talent and culture and a system that can allow an organic amount of self-generation. So to take the example we've talked about so far today Coke with coffee. That started out in Asia Pacific. They came up with one variant. The next market then started to move on it before it was really something that the seller was worrying about or looking at. They actually then updated the formula, so it already went from 1.0 to 2.0 by the time it went to the second country based on some of the learnings. And then as it got moved out further, yes, there have been further evolutions of the formula. Obviously, one of the things we've done from the Corporate Center is try to make sure there's some unity in how the variant is being thought about and how the formulas are being developed. Because ultimately, we have to push against the trend that every market thinks it necessarily has to make the thing better and that we'd end up with 200 versions of everything. It doesn't have to be one version, but 200 is also probably the wrong answer. And so we do apply a process of pressure to get into a corridor that we believe is appropriate to both satisfy local consumer differences, yet drive the growth of a global brand and an efficiency of an overall supply chain.
James Quincey: Yeah. Sure. I think that the headline unfortunately Laurent is too early to tell. It's only really just gone – it's only really just been launched. The first sales are only just being made. It seems to have resonated well in the first couple of weeks. And so given how early on it is, it's not – we're not at the stage where we can really make a good call on where are the incremental sales coming from. So they're still small at this stage. So I think it's very – it's too early to tell. Obviously, we'll be looking at it in the coming weeks and months, and we'll be able to become clearer as we go forward.
James Quincey: Yeah. We've got a good strategy in the U.S. focused on investing in the brands, building out the portfolio, working with the new network of bottlers post refranchising to execute the strategy in the marketplace with a packaging approach a smaller packaging. We have a standing strategy in the U.S. that has been successful in allowing us to help the industry to grow for our customers, and for us to be able to gain share within that total industry, and that again played out in the first quarter this year. So we think it's a – our strategy that works for us. Obviously, as other parties large or small invest in the industry, I think it says two things. One it says, the industry is attractive, because it's got growth and profitability. That's why people want to enter. And it says, we need to up our game because the industry is going to become more competitive. And I think that's in the end good news for The Coca-Cola Company and it certainly has been over the last number of years in North America. We've been focused on driving sparkling beverages and that's continuing to do well, particularly our Coke Zero Sugar. BODYARMOR had a good start in the sports drinks category. It's certainly been one of the things that's been driving growth in that category. So we're going to continue to invest. We're going to stick to our overall game plan. And we'll focus on working to make our brands as relevant for consumers and our plans as value creating for the customers, so we can remain competitive in this attractive industry.
James Quincey: Thank you everyone for joining the call today. To conclude, we had a solid start to the year. We've capitalized on our momentum coming out of 2018 and we'll continue to drive our strategies for the remainder of the year. We remain confident. We will deliver our full year guidance. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you.
John Murphy: Thank you. Let me start with a quick walk forward on gross margin first and then I'll cover operating margin. As I mentioned in my remarks, the underlying margin expansion of what's 30 basis points in gross margin was led by EMEA. And the benefits of Brexit was clearly part of that, but there was also a positive benefit of geographical mix overall. And this was partially offset by North America due to growth in the finished good businesses. I think importantly, we need to take into account the currency headwinds and they were particularly related to the Argentinean peso. And we also were cycling some hedge gains from prior year. In addition to which we also had a structural impact mainly driven by the acquisition of the Philippines bottling business. And there was a slight offset there on the kind of the bottler refranchising. On the operating margin front, the underlying expansion of 250 basis points was due to EMEA and the Brexit impact where we have a higher revenue and would've had no expenses there and North America also due to productivity in the -- across-the-board and the timing of some expenses. We also saw though the headwinds on operating margin on the acquisition front and the currency headwinds due to the peso and hedging gains I mentioned before. So underlying margin expansion net positive, but purely been impacted by the headwinds on currency and acquisitions.
John Murphy: Thanks. Ali on SG&A, we had a slight increase in comparables at 1.1% and there's a couple of things in there. One, it does reflect the integration of the new businesses, but it's offset by currency and the structural impact. So, when you look at the comparisons take those into account. We did have some savings in SG&A during the quarter, a benefit of the ongoing productivity work that we have been doing, plus some timing of expenses in North America. And as we look to the future, I quote our ongoing work on productivity in under the whole margin expansion arena, where we would be embedding into just the way we operate a critical focus across the enterprise on driving costs at every line our cost to sales line. We see opportunities to continue to drive, or concentrate supply business more efficiently through harmonization of formulas et cetera. There is ongoing opportunity in the OpEx arena, to drive more efficiency particularly with some of the digitization initiatives we have underway. And then finally, there's always ways to I think be more effective and efficient, with our marketing spend and that's a key area of focus going forward across the enterprise.
John Murphy: Okay. Let me start with the balance sheet question and just a few key highlights from the quarter. First of all, our cash, our balance is slightly lower and that was driven by the acquisition of Costa. We saw an increase in our non-current assets $7.2 billion also driven by Costa and CHI. And that's affecting two line items. One is, the intangibles increased by $5.5 billion. And secondly, there was an increase of $0.5 billion in our plants and equipment line. We do have lower short-term debt balances driven by lower commercial paper balances. In the first quarter, we did issue a long-term euro debt, which combined with those lower cash balance that I mentioned is driving net debt slightly higher. So our net debt-to-EBITDA is at 2.7x slightly above our target of 2.5x. But we do expect to get that back to within range. So that's on the balance sheet. With respect to the hedging questions, I think, there's a couple of points to consider. First of all, we -- when you look at why we do it in the first place and why we've taken the approach, we've taken, we know we have U.S. cash outgoings slated in the course of the year. And then it's important for us that we have certainty with respect to the inflows in order to cover those obligations. So having that certainty is really important and is a key factor. Historically, we've also wanted to smooth the impact over time periods. And when you take the long view on that, I think the treasury team has done a really good job on it. We did -- over the last few weeks, we did actually take a look at what would have happened over the last 10 years if we had deployed other approaches. And for developed currencies, I think the hedging program we have in place by far delivered a better outcome than if we had done nothing or if we had been sort of more inactive in this area. The area and I mentioned it in my remarks, the area that's a challenge will be working with our emerging currency portfolio. And as you know the cost of hedging, the more volatile currencies sometimes is not worth doing. And we don't have, I don't think anybody has actually a perfect model or system to cover the risks implicit in, filling in a more volatile emerging currency. So that's an area that we will continue to work on. In the short to medium term, we do have some positions, which we believe are prudent and again give us more certainty in the short-term and allow us to minimize the downside.
John Murphy: Okay. Let me take the Brexit question. Yes, the timing benefit to margins on Brexit was 70 basis points in the quarter.
John Murphy: And I'd just add -- if I add one additional comment. Just from my experience over the last couple of years, Brett is that I think we've moved from more of a hub and spoke model to a network model. Our R&D center is now reporting into local operations. We have one in Shanghai, Tokyo, Brussels and Mexico. And they're very much wired together and connected to our business units. So the speed at which stuff is moving around has increased a lot over the last two years, not for what we would ideally want it to be, but it's certainly a key part of the overall profit that James just referenced.
