Kathy N. Waller: Thank you, James, and good morning, everyone. Organic revenue growth was driven by three points of positive price/mix. Consolidated price/mix in the quarter was driven by positive pricing and product mix initiatives across many of our key markets, and benefited from positive geographic mix due to the strong volume growth in our Bottling Investments group. After adjusting for the additional days in the first quarter, year-to-date concentrate shipments were slightly behind unit cases, primarily due to the timing of shipments in the prior year in our Asia-Pacific and Eurasia and Africa groups. For the full year, we continue to expect concentrate shipments to be generally in line with unit cases. Our comparable currency neutral growth margin expanded on a consolidated basis, due to positive pricing, productivity savings, and a slightly lower commodity cost partially offset by structural changes. Positive comparable currency neutral operating leverage was driven primarily by cycling the timing of marketing expenses (19:00), the impact of which we expect to reverse in the fourth quarter, as well as by a continued focus on controlling our operating costs. For the quarter, comparable currency neutral operating income grew 8%. Below the operating line, net interest income was lower versus prior year, resulting in 7% growth in comparable currency neutral income before tax, which included a one point structural headwind. Our third quarter comparable EPS was $0.51, which included a 12-point currency headwind. On a comparable currency neutral basis, our EPS grew 8% in the quarter. Items impacting comparability in the quarter were primarily related to non-cash charges related to the announced refranchising of territories in North America. During the first nine months of the year, we generated $6.7 billion in free cash flow, up 6%, primarily due to the efficient management of working capital and the impact of six additional days, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from currency exchange rates, the impact from refranchising territories in North America and the brand transfer agreement with Monster Beverage Corporation. Our focus on improving working capital contributed an incremental $600 million of cash flow for the first nine months of 2015 versus the prior year. We returned $5.6 billion to shareowners in the form of dividends and net share repurchases during the first nine months. Turning to outlook, we are broadly in line with our expectations for the first nine months of the year. With one quarter remaining, we expect our full year comparable currency neutral EPS to grow 5%, in line with our previous expectations. However, due to the strength of the U.S. dollar, we now expect the currency impact to be slightly more unfavorable. After considering our hedge positions, current spot rates and the cycling of our prior year rates, we now expect an approximate seven-point currency headwind on net revenue, 11-point headwind on operating income, and an eight-point headwind on income before tax for the full year 2015. Therefore, we expect our comparable EPS to decline 3% for the year. Our full year outlook implies that our fourth quarter comparable currency neutral EPS will decline mid- to high-single digits. There are a couple of points to consider when modeling the fourth quarter. As we communicated at the beginning of the year, our fourth quarter will have six fewer selling days this year. Due to the timing of expenses last year, combined with the increase in media investments this year, we expect DME to increase substantially in the fourth quarter. We expect structural items to be a slight headwind on net revenue, and a two-point headwind on both gross profit and income before tax. We currently estimate currency will be a six-point headwind on net revenues, a 12-point headwind on operating income, and a 10-point headwind on income before tax in the fourth quarter as we cycle more favorable rates from the prior year. As a reminder, these impacts are based on current spot rates, and given the volatile currency environment, these amounts are subject to change. In summary, as you heard from Muhtar and James, our financial performance is consistent with what we discussed early in the year, and we continue to execute as we outlined. Operator, we are now ready for questions.
Kathy N. Waller: Sure. Thank you, Bryan. So for foreign exchange for next year, remember, we had said that for our hard currencies, we are hedged and so our real exposure is around our emerging currencies. Now, that being said, we do have to cycle that euro debt bond offering, which impacted the first quarter and second quarter of this year and for the full year, it was about three points benefit to us. So we do have to cycle that next year on top of just a change in the rates and probably a more difficult currency environment going forward. So, we will give more color on currency in February when we give our full year results for 2016 (sic) [2015] (36:52), but our issue is really going to be around the emerging markets where we've – it's not cost effective to hedge more than about a quarter at a time. And then in terms of the structural impact, yes, Germany will be a structural impact next year. Obviously, we continue with the North America refranchising, so that will still have a significant impact in North America, and there may be some slight impacts from whenever the Africa transaction closes, but the majority of it will be the Germany transaction and the North America refranchising.
Kathy N. Waller: Sure. So the unit cases to concentrate shipment, they're really impacted by Asia-Pacific and Latin America. And if you look at Latin America on a year-to-date basis, they're absolutely in line, and with Asia-Pacific on a year-to-date basis we expect them to be generally in line. So there's really no story there in terms of that gap. When you – and moving on to productivity, so productivity initiatives, yeah, obviously, we are seeing some benefit from productivity. In our margins, there is an impact in our margins from basically the structural changes. So, if you were to exclude structural changes, gross margins and operating margins would be higher and you would see margin expansion. And when you look at the third quarter, when you look at the leverage – so we are getting some productivity, but we also have an impact from timing of the DME from – basically from prior year that's impacting that timing from this year. That, by the way, turns around in the fourth quarter. So I think there are a lot of puts and takes going on around productivity. You are seeing some productivity coming through. We are continuing to reinvest behind our brands, though, but our margin expansion is masked right now by currency and structural, so if you pull those two things out, you'd see very good margin expansion.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Yeah, Dara, thanks for the question. What I would say in general overall is yes, we're pleased with the quarter and the progress we're making but lots of more work to do. This is a transition year. When we talked to you about 12 months ago, we outlined to you that with the changes we're going to make that our goal is to get to mid-single digit currency neutral revenue growth for the comparable revenue growth for the company overall. And I think if you look at our progress to date for the first three quarters of the year, we're at sort of the bottom end of that range, the mid-single digit, if you look at where we are in revenue in terms of currency neutral comparable, and what we have posted in this past quarter, in the third quarter, you would see us if you take those numbers that you mentioned in terms of volume growth of 3% and price/mix of 3%, at the top end of that range. So in essence, we're pleased with the progress that we – what all the five-point strategy and executing it diligently over the last nine months and even starting at the end of last year has brought us to where we are. And so we feel that we've always said that marketing has a lag, the incremental marketing, there's a lag in terms of when we input it and the results that we're getting, but we see that the plan is working. And we certainly see that we're taking a very strategic approach in terms of marketing spend versus optimal levels. Consistent quality investment in media continues to be one of the strongest drivers of our business, enabling us to generate those – that revenue. We look at each market. How many weeks of consumer engagement there is, the goal over time is to apply the right pressure in the right way to each of our brands and each of the segments that you mentioned, which is developed, developing and emerging. And the system alignment in our bottling system is matching our alignments with investments – I'm sorry, with capabilities, execution, output development, cooler placement, et cetera. So we're pleased with what we see there. And of course, all of this being said, we have a volatile macroeconomic environment, which obviously is not getting any better anytime soon. We realize that. The global growth for 2015 is projected to be below last year, and even having said that, the disposable income are even lagging the growth rates that are projected. So, yeah. But, in general, that's how I would frame your question and both James and I and Kathy believe that the incremental and better marketing is certainly giving us the results in terms of the top line currency neutral comparable top line growth.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Yeah. Bryan, this is Muhtar. What I would say is that it's in the regulatory approval process, and that's all I would say right now, and then we expect it to close some time over the next three months to four months. That's what I would say.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: And I would just add one point, Ali. I think what we saw in this past quarter in terms of operating margin expansion on a currency neutral comparable basis of about 100 basis points, we were pleased with that expansion. Now, the key is to do everything we can to continue and ensure that we execute fully on the five strategic points going forward so that we can continue to improve our trajectory.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Yeah, Ali, we will not comment on any specific matters related to our customers, bottlers or any M&A matters, so I'll just leave it at that.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: John, this is Muhtar. Actually, they're not in conflict at all. They're basically very complementary to our strategy, which is to ensure that we have the local touch, and we have also the scale, and we have the processes to meet customer demands and customer partnerships. And in the United States, we've actually not – you mentioned the word fragmented. We have a national customer management system. We have a national production system. We have a national information system that is basically all with their own governance models, and they're very fluid and very flexible to suit the needs of the business today. And then at the same time, every piece of the United States that has those elements really have enough size for scale. And then we have the much smaller, the smaller distributor bottling system that also the smaller guys are doing a great job in growing the business for us. And then in Europe, basically what we have is, the customer landscape in Europe is much, much more concentrated in Western Europe where just a handful of customers account for a very large portion of the total future consumption, the retail business in Europe. And therefore, when you look at what we have created in Western Europe, it basically suits our future needs in terms of working proactively with our customer partners, and also it gives the scale and also it give the local touch in each of the markets. So, from that perspective, just like what we have done in Japan, just like what we have done in South Africa, and large markets I'm talking about, it basically very much aligns to our strategy in how you think about what we're doing in the marketplace.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Well, the customer base in the United States and Western Europe is very, very different in terms of how it's structured. And so, we follow the customer, the needs of the customer, what matters. We follow the scale. We follow the necessity for speed. And we feel that the model that is being created in Western Europe will serve us very well for the next decade and beyond, and the same thing goes for the United States. It is proving that it is serving us very well in terms of getting us the scale, in terms of getting us the costs in production and cost of goods sold. But at the same time, retaining the local touch and retaining the local element that is really important in our business. Both of those are valid for Europe, and for Western Europe and for Japan and for South Africa, and for the United States, or wherever else you're seeing us create a better bottling system.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Yeah, Nik, I'll just say very, very broadly, at a high level. We're pleased with our performance in China. Obviously, a lot of noise around China these days, but we have – as mentioned earlier in the script, we have an all-time high share for brand Coke in China. And we're growing in China, and we're gaining share in China, and we're investing in China and the same goes for India, two of the very large markets in Asia, certainly pleased with the results there. We had some weather-related issues in the quarter before, but we're coming back, and the business is really coming back and performing much better in India. And so, overall, I think – and then in Japan, we're seeing some green shoots in terms of disposable incomes. We're very early still in terms – to call it any color, but overall, I'd say – and then, obviously back in south – Australasia, the economy was very much related to commodities and it has suffered, and we're seeing the macro spillover from that. But I would say overall, up from this past quarter. We're happy with the results in the big economies, and then realizing – recognizing that we have got more work to do. And that's how I would leave it.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Thank you James, Kathy and Tim. So in summary, our company has undergone a substantial amount of change over the past 10 months to 12 months, and our third quarter results demonstrate continued progress against our five strategic initiatives. The long-term dynamics of our industry remain promising, and we absolutely believe that The Coca-Cola Company and the Coca-Cola system is best positioned to capture that growth in non-alcoholic beverages, and to deliver long-term value to our shareowners. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us this morning.
James Quincey: Yeah I think, just specifically on governance, it's not going to be around unanimity. It's going to be based on the driving of the business case. Everyone's committed to doing what is economically the most rational answer for the system. Again, this is when it comes to the national issues. It's not necessarily the management of each local plant, which will remain the job of each of the participating bottlers, or CCNA.
James Quincey: We're not laying out the precise mechanic, but I can tell you that there's not going to be a full consensus required for every decision. It's going to be a large majority, and if they support the economic case, then that's what's going to move forward. So, we're not creating a system that can become blocked. We're creating a system that's going to (31:48) focus on the best economics of the system in North America, and there are mechanisms for that to go forward.
James Quincey: Yeah, thanks, Muhtar. As Muhtar referenced, we were cycling a pretty poor quarter from last year. So, I think it was a favorable comparison, and we had strong results from very favorable weather in the Southern and the Central part of Europe. So I wouldn't read too much into the one quarter. I think if you look at the longer term trends, you can see that we're getting some volume growth in the year-to-date, where the price/mix is bouncing around flat. I think it's important to recognize two things as it comes to price/mix in the case of Europe. One is the general deflationary nature of the European market. Retail pricing is 0% to 1% at best, in general. And then secondly, it's worth remembering that the starting point of pricing in Europe is, in comparison to the U.S., higher. So the opportunity is to drive price/mix on a sustained long-term basis. In a sense, we've already captured some of that in Europe, and we will be chasing that in the U.S. So I don't think we'll see the same sort of price/mix over time in Europe, given our starting point.
James Quincey: Yeah. I mean, if you take a look at how we're driving the sparkling business, you can look at the transaction packages, which represent about 15% of the volume, and they're growing still again this quarter into double digits. So, we're very pleased with the marketing and the OBPC approach is driving positive revenue growth for sparkling on a consistent basis.
James Quincey: So, of course, we need to wait and see whether the recent vote produces the act of (50:01) law by the end of the process. It's only gone through one of the stages. So, we'll see where that ends up. Obviously, we are in favor of reductions in discriminatory taxes. I think, as we look out on how that has impacted the world and how that's being viewed, and it will be used as a case study around the world, the data we have so far is the impact of the tax was to bring down about six calories from the Mexican diet by the end of the process. So, we're conscious that obesity is a crisis. We know we need to play a role. We don't think that this is the silver bullet that anyone was looking for, and we think that much more work needs to be done if indeed a solution is to be brought to bear on the whole obesity crisis, of which over-consumption of anything, including soft drinks, would be a contributor and a part of the problem. So, we'll see where this tax ends up. Clearly, taxing diets and lights doesn't seem to be the right way forward, and therefore, if this measure goes through, I think it would be positive.
