James Quincey - The Coca: Thanks. So a couple of thoughts that I think can underpin our expectations around the 4%. I mean, firstly, look back to 2017, clearly, we were making sequential improvement as we went through 2017, as we were finishing the refranchising, as we were building out the greater portfolio plans, we were, as you said, the fourth quarter was good and so was the third quarter in 2017. So I think the first point is, we were seeing some sequential improvement, so we were coming out of 2017 into 2018 with a better run rate. Secondly, we talked on the Investor Day that what we needed to do to get back into our revenue growth rate range for our long-term model, there were a number of things we need to do on the portfolio, on some of the clusters, on some of the revenue growth management strategies and also, to some extent, an improvement in the macro environment in the emerging and developing markets. So there were things that we had to do, and there was some of the environment that would get us well into our range of the 4% to 6%. So I think what you're seeing is a good – another good step forward in 2018, of us executing events what we need to execute, particularly the portfolio expansion and some of the RGM work. And you can see that some of that coming through in the fourth quarter. So I think the actions are in place. The results are starting to come. The momentum is building. We're not out of the woods in 2018. The world still remains uncertain and volatile. But I think the momentum's in the business and the momentum's in the actions that we laid out that needed to be taken, plus a little bit of an improvement in the emerging macros, makes us confident that 4% is a good number for 2018.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. Firstly, on EMEA, I mean, there's a couple of things. Clearly, we were executing against our plan to expand the portfolio, and I think they've got good growth and good launches, particularly coming into 2018, preparing the ground for the FUZE Tea launch and the AdeS plant-based drinks launch. So I think there's a lot going on, on the portfolio in EMEA, which is very encouraging. They have been executing a lot of revenue growth management approaches, some smart packaging, some different choices on pack sizes and driving transactions. I think you all have seen that come through in the results of both Coke Hellenic and Coca-Cola European Partners in the last few days. So there's a lot of good work going on in revenue growth management, and we – a bit back to the previous answer – we see that carrying through into 2018. We did have some places that weren't perfect. We had problems in Egypt and in South Africa, more to do with the macro environment in Egypt, the disruption of the supply chain. So my point of reference there is when we lose volume in some of the emerging markets, it kind of has a mechanical benefit on the price/mix. And I think the last thing I would say, so actually, really strong start in EMEA, also end to EMEA in 2017. And the other thing that's driving the margin is the Innocent business continues to perform really well in Europe. And given that that's finished-products business, it appears to create margin compression, but it also drives top-line and good results.
James Quincey - The Coca: Look, I think, a couple of things. Firstly, we're very happy with our strategy in the U.S. We've been executing it for a good number of years. The team in North America, CCR as it was and now many parts that transferred to the bottlers, have been executing a great plan and winning in the marketplace and driving top-tier revenue growth. We've always said that it won't necessarily be a straight line in terms of pricing. However, I don't think the wheels have come off pricing in any shape or form. I think in part it's a question of comparisons. If you look at the two year run rates, you start to see much less noise than you do when you look at just versus prior year, and that includes ourselves where we're lapping a very strong price/mix from the fourth quarter of 2016. So I think, it appears to be more action than it actually is. We think that our focus on driving value for our customers, and ideally, helping beverages grow faster than their average business, is what's creating the environment where there's a lot of value creation for everyone, and I think that strategy continues. And I think it's being successful and we're continuing to drive it forward. And so I think while it's not going to be always a straight line, I think it's still good.
James Quincey - The Coca: Okay. Well, I do appreciate that you're all trying to talk me down from the revenue guidance. But let me lay it out. I mean, the 4% to 6%, couple of points. Firstly, we always said we were looking for a balance of price and volume. So in the long run, to get to our 4% to 6%, we know that that's going to be a mix of price and volume and in some degree of balance. Clearly, what we've not had enough of in the short term is volume. Although it's worth saying, as a consequence of our focus on smaller packages, transactions are growing a whole point faster than volume. So we see that the strategy is driving us to the right place, but over the long term, we would expect to see some degree of volume growth necessary to be comfortably in our range of 4% to 6%. And no, I don't regret not taking it down to 3% to 5%. And so that's what needs to happen. And it's not something that needs to happen tomorrow morning, but over time, yes, we'll need volume growth to balance out the pricing. And I think that's what we aim to do. Now, in terms of getting there, I would refer back to some of the material on the Investor Day, and we'll talk about it again at CAGNY on Tuesday. Clearly, what needs to happen to get comfortably into the 4% to 6%, and 2018 will be a step on that journey, which is why we're calling out 4%, which is the lower end of the range because we know, kind of, as I was saying on Steve's question, we know we need to do some more things on the portfolio. We're really driving expansion across the clusters. I mean, in the fourth quarter, our initiatives were about half coming out of sparkling and half coming out of the other categories. So we're starting to see more of the portfolio there, more of the way (35:26) to driving growth. And we know that we need to continue with our revenue strategies, particularly around smaller packages; reference my previous comment on transaction, but also improving macros. I mean, the emerging markets need to come back. I called it out in the script. The good news is Brazil's gone from being a major headwind. Actually, it was broadly flat in the fourth quarter. Over time, that market will come back and so will some of the other markets that have suffered. But it'll take time. And so I think it's the right journey. We know what we need to do. We know what macro environments need to improve. We can see a path in the long-term for the 4% to 6%, and we've got back into the range for 2018, and I think it's a solid estimate for 2018. Of course, the world could be volatile, uncertain, but I think it's a good estimate. I reference you back to 2017. We made a realistic assessment of what we thought would happen in 2017. We called it, and we basically hit it or slightly beat it in 2017, taking the actions we needed to take. And I think we got a strong plan in 2018, and it's robust.
James Quincey - The Coca: Yeah. Nik, hi. James here. We've been exploring what can be done in corporate and across the whole enterprise, including the field. We've been building this more as a culture than an event or a series of events. I think we made a lot of progress over the last number of years, going back to the start of several of these programs. So I think we have a clear line-of-sight to all the productivity initiatives we need to hit the targets we previously laid out. So there are no stones that are unturned. We not necessarily can address everything at the same time. Some things depend on systems being put in place, and you can't get everything done in the same day. Having said that, I'll repeat myself, we have clear line of sight to what we need to drive the productivity that's embedded in the margin expansion, because ultimately, we're driving productivity, but we're also reinvesting, we're also covering some inflation. So all of that is netted into the margin expansion that we're driving.
James Quincey - The Coca: So our tax rate in 2017 was 24%. And we are estimating, and I underline Kathy's cautionary comments on it's not a fixed rate, so it could vary and particularly vary between quarters going down to 21%. So our year-to-year change in tax rate is 3 points, which, when you take it on the 76% of the cents on the dollar we were keeping, is a 4 percentage point headwind. So if you want to look at it that way, you can take 4 points off the EPS growth due to the tax changes. However, I would also point out that we have called out comparable EPS, so that includes the fact we're selling some of our bottling businesses, which is worth 2 points of growth. So you can net those two together. So actually, I think it's a pretty strong number off a 4% revenue growth in an environment where interest rates are increasing.
James Quincey - The Coca: Yeah. I shall go in reverse order. So I think Mexico did weakened – softened a little bit. I think it's largely the macro environment in Mexico is getting a little softer at the moment, and I think that'll likely play through a little bit, at least into the first half of 2018. But I think that's largely macro. Of course, we are adapting and looking to execute some initiatives around affordability, around packaging, around launching new products. We did de-prioritize in the fourth quarter a little bit of the low-margin bulk water, so that is part of the story but not the full story. So there a little bit of softness in Mexico. Now driving the price/mix in the fourth quarter clearly got better, and in part, it was due to the ongoing improvements in Brazil, where we had clarity been executing a plan through the year to improve affordability and focus on smaller packages that are more affordable but actually helped from a price/mix point of view. Plus we have the benefit of some of the price increases and incidence increases that flowed in in the back half of the year. So I think it was a pretty strong year of actions to drive RGM.
James Quincey - The Coca: Yes, sure. So I think our objective and recent history is have transactions growing ahead of volume on an aggregate basis. So clearly, it's something that we are pursuing actively because we are pursuing a strategy of smaller packages across most of the geographies, whether it's through affordability or whether it's around helping people with portion control. There's a lot of places where we're trying to drive transactions ahead of volume. Now, the U.S. is one of those. Clearly, we've had the strategy around this area for some time. We made great progress. The mini cans were in double-digit growth in the fourth quarter, and the U.S. absolutely had transactions more than 100 basis points ahead of volume. So we were very pleased with the execution of that strategy in the U.S. Similarly, the other parts of the world that most of the countries' transactions are ahead of volume. Not everywhere, and that can sometimes be because we're trying to increase the affordability of the multi-serve packages, and that just happens to have a mechanical effect. But I would call out, as the kind of the lead ones in really driving smaller packages very assertively, are some of the developed markets led by places like the U.S., Australia, France, some of the places like that. And then in the emerging markets, it kind of depends on whether we're driving affordability or not.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. I mean, clearly, and it's one of our points of dissatisfaction in 2017 is we were not able to turnaround Diet Coke. I think the team have come up with a strong plan for 2018 with the new flavors, the new can design and size and some of the marketing. And I think we are going to have hopefully a better year in 2018 in terms of Diet Coke. I think we're finding a path forward. Clearly, part of the story in 2017 towards the end was we started doing even better with Coke Zero Sugar as the relaunch of that drove almost 10 points of growth in the fourth quarter on Coke Zero Sugar. Nevertheless, we want to improve Diet Coke, too. We had a strong start at the beginning of this year with the launch of new program. Clearly, we would love to at least stop declining, if not get into growth. I'm not sure just the flavors and the packages will get us there, but it's certainly going to be a good step in the right direction.
James Quincey - The Coca: Well, I think the first thing to say is, the tax reform has just come in, and so we're not actually seeing the effects into the economy yet. Clearly, as the investments behind more opportunities, because of the lower tax rate, start to occur, that will lift aggregate demand. But in the end, we are a broad enterprise. And so, lifting of consumer income ultimately is what's going to flow through to us. As confidence returns in the economy, often you see increases in people going out and in foodservice, so you'd start to see it occur there. But we are ultimately going to benefit as the broad-based economy does better and more money flows into people's pockets. What was the second half of the question? Oh, North America. We don't provide a guidance number by group, but clearly, we've got a good strategy in North America. We believe that the sorts of revenue growth rates we've been delivering, like in 2017, put us in the top tier of FMCG. And we want to stay in the top tier of FMCG.
James Quincey - The Coca: Sure. I think you said the fountain was 75% of the volume. I'm not sure I heard you correctly. But just to clarify, the fountain business in the U.S. is about a third of the U.S. system volume, not 75% if that was the number you said. So it's about a third of the U.S. volume. It operates in a very different way to the bottle-can business. It requires different capabilities, both in the supply chain and the customer. And it operates largely with the national chains of customers, even more so and much more so than the grocery retail and the mom-and-pop business and the convenience store businesses or the kind of the brick-and-mortar store. So I don't think that there's any likelihood of us doing that in the short-term. I'm not sure I see the acceleration of performance advantage in doing so. And so I think we will stick to the strategy that we have. And then, in terms of fountain versus smaller PET, what we're focused on is making sure we're delivering the consumer experience that they are after in the outlet in which they're buying and optimizing that and providing that in the package form that best fits that consumer experience with the customer that they're at. So we're not trying to artificially drive the packaging structure one way or the other. We're trying to optimize the consumer experience.
James Quincey - The Coca: I'm not sure that we link the two pieces of the question you're putting out. I mean, we largely have an approach where we drive our business in local terms. The world's not one-size-fits-all. So we look at each marketplace and say, what do we need to win in this marketplace with these consumers, working with the customers to create value for them. And the company is, in a way, the sum of all those local actions. Now a year ago, we talked about we were going to take some extra effort to make sure the sum of all that turns into positive comparable EPS growth in U.S. dollars, which it hadn't done necessarily for a few years. And we got to flat last year, and we're going to drive for some good growth in 2018. But the variations in FX, assuming they're not completely wild, don't drive our operational local market decisions. The expansion of the brands like Honest and all the other innovations are really driven by the market. And so, therefore, pricing is really driven by those local opportunities of launching the portfolio and local inflation. So to the extent that, I guess, FX somehow theoretically is linked to local inflation, it comes to play. But we start at the other end of the equation, which is what does the local market need in terms of products and pricing, and then work it back.
James Quincey - The Coca: Great. Thank you very much, everyone. So to conclude, we had a successful 2017, and we are encouraged that 2018 will be even stronger. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us. Thank you very much.
Kathy N. Waller: Sure, Bonnie. Good morning. So if I were to, first of all, disaggregate the gross margin expansion, the majority of that increase is, in 2017, was from the structural change and from pricing. Gross margins are under some pressure from various finished goods businesses, and we also faced a slight headwind from currency and some incremental costs from the hurricanes from last year. Having said that, however, then pivoting over to our operating margins, in the fourth quarter, the margins expanded over 500 basis points. So we delivered very strong comparable margin expansion, and the primary driver of that again being the refranchising. And again offset by some of those costs and a donation that was made by corporate. So the majority of what you're seeing is driven by the refranchising, but at the operating margin level, a significant portion of that is being driven by the productivity initiatives, particularly the lean center initiatives. In 2018, the margin expansion will again be – gross margins will continue to be under pressure as we are moving to other categories. However, we will offset that with the productivity, particularly, lean enterprise initiatives, and there will, again, be more expansion due to the refranchising.
Kathy N. Waller: Yeah, if I can just add. We talked about the tailwind in the first quarter, however, remember, we have a hedging strategy and that so whether it's a tailwind or a headwind, and we're really guiding towards more of a headwind, is because of our hedging strategy that we have employed. And so we're cycling some really good hedging gains from last year, which is causing most of that headwind for next year.
Kathy N. Waller: Hi, Bryan. So gross debt balances will – are initially going to come down about $7 billion, as we said in our remarks. And that will allow us to then kind of balance out our spread. Over the long term, yes, we have – tax reform gives us the ability to have flexibility with our cash. So we will employ the right capital structure for us. We're going to keep a net leverage position of 2 to 2.5 times and as we need to, yes, we could potentially bring down more gross debt. The focus right now is maintaining that net debt leverage position. Interest expense is, obviously, we're in a rising interest environment, and our interest expense will be going up, even though we are going to pay down some of our gross debt. And over time, I guess, you asked about specifically the longer-term kind of outlook for interest expense. Today, we only have about 20% floating. As we are, I guess, moving over time, more into – we will, I believe move more into a floating rate environment, as we see the benefit, and that will hopefully help us to temper that interest rate expense increase. But for now, interest rates are going up as we have continued to move our debt into longer-term maturities over time. And because of when we bring back the $7 billion, we will take out some of our commercial paper, which has a lower interest rate. So basically, I would say we'll take a look at the capital structure, always manage it over time for now. We believe the right thing is to bring back the $7 billion, pay down gross debt, manage to a 2% to 2.5% net leverage position. And that does impact our interest expense going forward. And over time, we'll continue to manage that as well.
