Muhtar Kent: Bryan, good morning, thanks. This is Muhtar. I think what I'd like to just get -- the message I'd like to get across is that we leave behind the first quarter of 2012 with confidence and with momentum in our business. And I think it is broad-based growth, as you mentioned. In fact, the top 10 countries in our business generated about 65% -- a little over 65% of the total incremental growth cases -- organic unit case growth in the quarter. And that is more broad-based than in the past. And that's a good sign. And I think we've always said that there's tremendous -- I see -- everywhere I go, I see tremendous opportunity for our brands. Our system is strong. Our system -- this is the result of investments that our system continues to make every quarter and also generating revenue, and we're able to crack this calculus for growth. And everywhere we go in this difficult macroeconomic environment, it's important to note that The Coca-Cola system is one of the most important net contributors to the economy. Globally, we're one of the top 10 private employers, nongovernmental employers, and we create -- based on our vision, we will create an additional 120,000 new jobs in the next 10 years. And more and more, governments are recognizing that unemployment is the #1, #2 and #3 priority. And I think with that, with our system, we're earning our right every day in every market. And that's important. As I -- obviously, the macroeconomic conditions around the world is challenged. The recovery is slow. Unemployment remains high and is -- I believe will remain high as we go through this year. But the premise, Bryan, on which we've built our 2020 Vision holds true today. What we said is no matter how you slice and dice it, there will be about 1 billion new people coming into the middle class. We'll have about 800 million new urbanized consumers in the decade. This decade that we're talking about, 2010 to 2020. Now the quarter we just left behind, about 22 million new urbanized consumers and about 22 million to 25 million new middle class have been created in the world, and we were there to serve their needs and refresh them. So yes, challenged environment; yes, slow recovery; yes, some slowing down in emerging markets. But when we talk about slowing down, you go down from a 9% to an 8.5% or an 8.2%, I think there is still tremendous amount of growth and middle class creation around the world, whether you take Africa, Latin America, Asia, and we're there. And in the western markets, we've always said our balanced -- our vision calls for balanced growth, balanced in geographies, balanced in portfolio. And once again, we were able to validate that, that is something that we are able to execute with our -- passionately with our bottling partners. So I'll now pass it over to Gary to answer the second part of your question.
Muhtar Kent: Just one point I'd add to -- that to, Bryan, is that 4 years ago, we made some bets in terms of our strategy, our 2020 Vision, and I think those are now positioning us to win. And I'd say that in this volatile world environment, I think we see -- we are definitely a great hedge and a balanced hedge in what's happening in the world.
Muhtar Kent: Well, I'm happy to say that we are investing. If you look at our marketing spend and if you look at how we're controlling all OpEx in the right way and then spending on our brands and you'll see that some of those numbers in the first quarter, too, coming to life and that's basically how we've always managed this business, investing in our brands, investing for the long term, ensuring that we -- our brands remain healthy and get healthier all the time, which they are. And that generates, again, a great system alignment, a great investment picture from our -- the total cash that we generated with our bottling partners. And I said it before, the results that you see this quarter, this past quarter, are not coming from the investments we made in this quarter. They're coming from the investments that we made 4, 5, 6, 7 quarters ago, and the same is going to be true from 4 quarters or 5 quarters from now based on investments we're making today.
Muhtar Kent: Caroline, yes, I just spent a good bit of time in Asia a couple of weeks ago. And I think you've seen the Pacific Group's volume growth up 8%, which was broad-based in the quarter with the numbers that we've shared with you for places like -- not just China and Japan up 9% and 3%, respectively, but also for Thailand and the Philippines and so forth. And I think importantly, again, very encouraged that brand Coca-Cola is up 6% in that massive geography, and reported net revenue for the quarter up 12%. And I think -- and good price mix across. So it's important really to be able to ensure that when you have -- when we talk about sustainable growth, we mean growth not just in volume, not just in a certain category, but broad-based growth and also growth in the revenue line that can be matched or better than the volume line, and I think we've seen that. And yes, no question, everyone you talk to, whether it's the shop owner in any particular part of China or whether it's the government, or whether it's some national government, there is a little cooling down. Is that -- I think that's healthy. And I think that's healthy for the real estate market in China. That's healthy for the banking industry in China. That's healthy for the long-term sustainable growth of the economy in China, which I have no doubt is going to continue. So we see China as a fantastic opportunity. As I said, we've just opened our largest-to-date facility in China, 42nd, and the largest of them all, and LEED-certified on top of it. And that's again one sign of our commitment, many more such factories to come in our $4 billion announced investment program for China. And so I see China as certainly playing an important role for our 2020 Vision. And particularly pleased about Japan, where I met with all our bottling partners in Tokyo and presented their Woodruff Cup awards to each one of our bottling partners. And again, category by category, we see very good improvement in our business in Japan. So the terrible tragedy of 2011 allowed us to galvanize our system and strengthen our system and continue to grow our system. And importantly, every channel, important channel, like convenience, like vending, is now expected to grow in Japan. And that's a very important thing for our business -- and categories, whether it's coffee with Georgia or sparkling or tea. Again, we're generating growth. So prospects, I think overall, we've always said the picture of success in Japan is low single-digit growth. And I believe that we're poised well to achieve that target for Japan. And then I went to Thailand, where we're having, as I said, very good growth prospects and share gains, tremendous share gains in that important market, with a very healthy consumption habit for sparkling beverages. And I see -- whether it's other markets like Vietnam or Indonesia or West Asia, I see great prospects for our growth. And I'll soon be also heading towards West Asia in a couple of months. And again, you heard the results that we've been able to post this past quarter in India, continue to have very healthy brand metrics for Coca-Cola, as well as our still brands there in that incredibly prospective geography. So I think Asia, overall, little cooling, healthy and great long-term prospects for both our business, as well as I think leading the world out of some of the current global macro issues.
Muhtar Kent: Just one last quick add onto that, Judy. Importantly to note, the strategic focus in North America remains consistent on continuing to build strong brands, creating value with our customers and building our systems, continuing to build our system capability. And so the strategic focus remains in place. Secondly, in this past quarter, I'd note also that IC growth was ahead of total volume growth in North America. That also helped generate a good price mix for our total business. And also, of course, I just want to make sure I mention the share gains that are continuing across the board in North America for us.
Muhtar Kent: Okay, Bonnie. I think we have a strategy for China. That strategy is not changing with what's happening across the industry. I want to reiterate that. That strategy is valid and still in place. And obviously, it will evolve as we introduce a wider variety of packages to promote affordability, it has the consumer experience with our brands, all with a focus to drive incremental increased transactions and profitable growth. And to continue building brand equity with consumers, I think this is critical for us and that will -- you will see us continue to do that. I believe that we're confident in our ability to deliver double-digit growth over the long term, and I think continuing introduction of a wider variety of packages to promote affordability and I think immediate consumption growth. So we will continue driving all of those priorities. As far as the investments are concerned, $4 billion, that I would say probably it's -- you could allocate about 50% into infrastructure and 50% into the brand building area. That's probably a good split. And if you looked at the past 3 years, that's probably where it ended up.
Muhtar Kent: And just to add on the North America front, John, I think it's important to note that we -- North America, I want to reiterate, had a great quarter in terms of both volume, revenue, overall NARTD share gains. And also, we see, importantly, a rational pricing environment in North America. A 3% price mix gain is very important, and I think those things should really give indication of health of the business as we move into the second and third quarters, important second and third quarters of the year. And therefore, I am pleased with the results in North America. And again, I think Gary explained the anomaly of comparability there in terms of the operating income number.
Muhtar Kent: Yes, well, it's hand-to-hand combat out there every single day and everywhere -- but everywhere I go, everywhere our operators go, everywhere our leadership goes, we see opportunity. We see opportunity for our brands that are stronger. We earn our price every day. We're generating revenue growth. We're net contributors to the economies, and our brands are healthy. And our IC business is growing ahead of our total business, and that's a good thing for the world. Our IC business globally grew 6% in the world compared to 5% global volume growth. And by the way, this volume growth that we just had in the first quarter is one of the highest organic volume growths we've had in the last, say, 8 to 10 quarters that I look back, because this is all-pure organic growth and it is strong and there is momentum. And I think, as I've said, the competitive environment, I think, out in the world is obviously, consumers are reticent to go out, to spend money. The environment is not healthy, particularly in Europe in terms of consumer sentiment, but our business is able to continue to invest and also ensure that we generate value for our customers in Europe, in this case large customers, large format, small format. And one of the really important metrics that we always follow is immediate consumption, which is a healthier mix. It's growing ahead of our total business. And once again, that is a testament to the strength of our system because you can always -- it's much easier to go and gain distribution in the future consumption channel, but in order to ensure that you supply and work in partner with every single small format store takes a very strong and a very different kind of system, which is the one we have.
Muhtar Kent: I think the environment in Europe is not any better for sure. But look at some of the numbers that I shared with you earlier, up 6% in Spain, up 4% in Italy, up -- Germany continues to grow, Southeast Europe beginning to show signs. I've said before, Europe is a tale of 2, 3 cities at least. You've got Eastern Europe beginning to come out, led by Russia. You've got Southern Europe beginning to stabilize, and Central and Northern Europe is still -- and led by Germany is -- I think the sentiment is slightly improving. So overall, the Southern Europe still remains an importantly challenged area, but our business system is very strong in Southern Europe, and we're benefiting from that. In the U.S., as I said, consumer sentiment in terms of mobility, in terms of travel bookings, in terms of travel with -- on the highways, in terms of eating out, is better than it was 12 to 16 months ago.
Muhtar Kent: Thank you, Gary and Jackson. In closing, this quarter's results provide yet another proof point that our company and our system are on track to deliver our 2020 Vision. The tremendous opportunity we see ahead for our company in all of our markets remain intact. As always, we thank you for your interest and investment in our company. There is no greater responsibility than earning and maintaining your trust and your confidence. You can rest assured that our entire leadership team is working diligently to protect and grow the value of your investment in our company. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Gary P. Fayard: Bryan, I guess I'd say a couple of things. As we look, it is still a challenged economic environment across the world. We have seen -- if you think back, actually first quarter of 2010, things looked like, economically, they were getting better and then they didn't. First quarter of 2011 looked like things were getting better and then they didn't. And then we've seen the significant volatility around commodities and currencies across the world over the last several years as well. So I think -- I guess where we are is trying to be somewhat conservative and try to say we're 3 quarters -- or 3 months into the year, 1 quarter into the year, the kind of the smallest quarter in fact, and I think we need to continue to go through the year. Are things looking better? Yes, it looks like interest is a little -- interest income is going to be a little bit better. It looks like if things hold, commodities will probably be better. So things are actually looking pretty good, but I think at this point, our view was, we kind of hold with where we are. We kind of get through another quarter to kind of see how the year is going. Is the economic recovery that we're starting to slowly see in the U.S. going to continue or not? So that's kind of where we are. We're kind of being -- trying to be conservative and recognize that we are in this as a marathon and not as a sprint. This is about long-term value creation.
Gary P. Fayard: Yes. Judy, I'd say just a couple of things. And the first, I just want to congratulate our colleagues in North America because I think if you -- as you think about it and think about this quarter, it was sparkling plus 1, brand Coca-Cola positive growth in the quarter. And those are things that not that long ago, I think everyone listening in this call would have said it's impossible to do. And it's really working. Everything that Muhtar is talking about is actually working. And our brand score is getting better because of the things we have been doing over the last few years. But then, if you look at, "All right, great, Gary, got that, but let's talk about the financial results and you're showing that on a comparable basis, operating income is down 9% quarter on quarter. So how do you talk about that?" Well, on that one, that is the issue that I alerted, I think, all of you to earlier this quarter. The way the commodities hit last year, that $800 million of commodity pressure that we had last year, it all was in quarters 2, 3 and 4, basically, none of it in the numbers in Q1 in North America. So when you adjust for that for just commodities, that minus 9 actually gets to only slightly negative. And then you have to recognize that there was one less day. You adjust for that and actually, North America suddenly flips into it was actually positive. You take that then you look at remainder of year, and you recognize that we've gotten the pricing so that the commodities aren't going to be that as big an issue going forward, remainder of year. And all the other things we've been doing, we would expect to see North America in very good positive territory, remainder of year. Things are going, knock on wood, exactly the way we planned for them, too, at this point.
Gary P. Fayard: Very well put. That's exactly right, exactly right. And then as I kind of mentioned when -- to Bryan's question earlier, if then commodities hold with where they are today, that actually $350 million to $450 million, so call it $400 million, actually could be coming down to the lower end and becoming more favorable versus what we've been talking about.
Gary P. Fayard: Yes, John. Let me start -- well, in fact, I'll go ahead and answer that last part first. We did have share gains pretty much across the board, across the world and the U.S. So we did have share gains in sparkling. On the commodity issue relative to North America, and if I don't exactly answer the question, just come back and tell me, but basically, if you strip out the commodity impact, North America's OI for the quarter instead of being down 9 would have been down 1. It's exactly what it would have been. And if then -- if you add in an extra day, it would have been positive. So what you're seeing is that 1 day, actually 1 less day, is having a huge impact on the P&L because you've got basically all of the costs going through for the full quarter with a day less sales is basically what's happening, which is why when you go to Q2 and 3, actually, it becomes much more normalized and the commodities are not an issue at all. In fact, it kind of reverses a little bit because you had more of that hitting in Q2 and 3 last year, with none of it hitting in Q1 last year. So it's kind of a cycling thing, but that's why when you adjust for all that, our view is and what we had planned and what we saw all along is that North America actually started to improve significantly after Q1 into the remainder of the year. And that's kind of what -- that's exactly what we're seeing today.
Gary P. Fayard: Yes, John, it is. It is. Now the CFO is going to come out in me, okay, because when my own guys -- and I get a rolling estimate here. And when I see that, I say, "Oh, you've given me a hockey stick," and so we're -- you try to manage against that as you're managing the business appropriately. But the cadence of the business this year actually is exactly as you just said it. That's exactly right. It is more back-end loaded because of how the commodities hit and went through the P&L last year and the 1 day less in the first quarter, 2 extra days in the fourth quarter. Some of the reason -- I have to hedge a little bit on this, is because there was 1 less day, you had a little bit of an Easter shift to help probably the first quarter slightly, but you really can't measure it. So I'd say basically, what you're saying is exactly right.
Gary P. Fayard: This is Gary. I want to come back, John Faucher, on your question. I want to correct one thing. In North America's share, I went back and looked at the numbers as we were looking at this. We gained value and volume share in total nonalcoholic beverages. We gained significant volume and value share in still. In sparkling, it was a slight loss of share. And the reason I said that we actually gained share is internally, as I was thinking about it, I was actually taking some pipeline, filling out. That's not the way you should look at it. So there was a slight loss of share.
