Muhtar Kent: Bill, this is Muhtar. Let me just address a few of the things in your question, and then Gary will add some more commentary. First, I want to just ensure and stress that our business momentum continues in the midst of ongoing global economic challenges. Our system is very well aligned and on track to achieve our 2020 Vision. And the appetite for investment by our bottling partners is strong as it has ever been. And consumers' love for our brands is stronger than ever. And as such, we do remain confident in our ability to meet our long-term targets, while also delivering sustainable, profitable growth and value for our shareowners. With respect -- and so -- at the outset. With respect to your question on the fourth quarter, let me -- as Gary said, we -- based on what we know today, we feel very confident that we can dock our ship for 2012, in line with our long-term growth targets for both top line and bottom in terms of operating profit. And so as Gary mentioned, that will imply having a double-digit growth in our operating income for the fourth quarter. We feel confident that, that can be achieved based on what we know and based on current trends. And that is a host of reasons; cycling of marketing expenses, as you saw total marketing for the company was up quite significantly in the fourth quarter. We had spend related to -- a onetime spend related to the Olympics, to the UEFA Cup, spending on our brands in a healthy way. And I think it is important to note that you can find many companies today around the world, around -- in the United States, around the world that can generate their profit line from no growth in top line. That is not sustainable. We feel very confident that we're doing the right thing for our business, right thing for our brand and we will dock our ship in 2012, yet again, in line with our long-term growth target, despite having -- facing significant commodity headwinds in both 2011 and cycling also on top of that, headwinds in 2012, investing in our brands, growing our top line and also earning our price/mix. So I'd like to just emphasize that, and pass it over to Gary.
Muhtar Kent: Sure. Judy, let me address some of those. I'm very pleased with the performance of our United -- U.S. business. I think in terms of -- we've increased total beverage volume and value share in this past quarter once again, driven by the 2% overall volume growth, led by 7% growth in still beverages, while -- and also maintaining sparkling volume on a year-to-date basis. And this is, again, 10th quarter in a row of volume growth in our North America business. And I think we continue to build our occasion-based price, pack, channel strategy that provides increased consumer choice, along with preferred packages, preferred price points, which is very important in this economic environment. We see also some more positive trends in the channel mix compared to last quarter. I think the overall convenience retail channel in the third quarter was stronger. Industry grew almost -- certainly above 4%, almost 5%. And we have not only taken significant pricing, 3% price/mix, up again in the quarter and maintained it for the full year, but also we are focused very much on transactions getting pricing, maintaining share and growing transactions in the United States. That's the model. That's working. And specifically, we've got a great package in the 12.5 ounce, which is retailing for under $1 in that channel, for example. And then also, we continue to expand in our food service channel with our innovative Freestyle. We will pass, for the first time this year the 10,000 mark in terms of dispensers deployed in this coming quarter, in the quarter that we're in, the fourth quarter. The average incidence lift there is more than 6%, the volume lift is significant, as well as revenue lift for the customer. So that's another very important point of reference in our business in the United States. And again our growth is led by strong performance with Coke Zero, up almost double digits in this past quarter, coming back very strongly, strong performance across multiple categories, such as POWERADE continuing, Gold Peak growing strong double digits, Fuze growing, smartwater, glacéau, Minute Maid, all growing in a very significant manner. So we feel confident that our North America strategies are working. We are focused on execution. We can always improve and strive for more, we always do. And we're optimistic about our outlook, despite the challenging competitive and macroeconomic backdrop. But important channels, we see better light coming through in some of the really important critical channels in the third quarter. I hope that's helpful.
Muhtar Kent: And again, just to close the question, we feel confident about sequential improvement in this year and the fourth quarter in the U.S. business in terms of results. And again, we feel that the strategies that we've deployed are working in the United States. We have invested. Our total marketing, again, in the United States in the quarter, and this past quarter is up. And also I would say to you that we feel that specifically also that the packaging strategies are working really well for us.
Muhtar Kent: Yes. And again, Bryan, in terms of the structure, I think we have a new leadership structure that is going to be leaner, more effective, more flexible structure; and that is going to drive a further, I believe, enhancement in our productivity initiatives. Gary and Ahmet Bozer and Irial and Steve and myself will be -- in terms of looking at these productivity initiatives, feel confident. And as Gary can see the -- have sight in the numbers and in the productivity being achieved, I think that we will certainly be looking at what we can do to enhance it even further. As you know, we came in, in the last productivity cycle for the past 3 years significantly over our targets, and we feel that we have again room to improve always. And also, as Gary said, importantly, while we deliver our results, this allows us to continue to invest successfully and making our brands even stronger. That is the key, and that's what you should always be looking for and that's what we always look for.
Muhtar Kent: Just very quickly on that. I'll tell you, first, we had very significant marketing spend in our international operations and total company for the third quarter. Our total marketing was up double digits for our international operations. And I think that again, that is partly cycling from prior year, particularly in certain geographic areas. But also it was to do with the onetime spend related to the Olympics, related to brand building around the UEFA Cup, particularly for Europe, but also for Eurasia, as well as for Latin America. So I think you need to take it into that context, from the perspective of marketing spend, cycling and prior year comparisons. And I'll see if Gary wants to add anything to that.
Muhtar Kent: One other thing about Latin America, just want to add context is in the -- a couple of years ago, we had this discussion. And many were questioning Latin America's ability to continue grow. And I always said, "Latin America is just beginning its journey in still beverages." The key is to have balanced growth. Still beverages, though, growing, of course, from a very small base at a higher rate of growth than sparkling beverages. But I think there's -- Latin America is a great model for how we can continue to grow at even high per capita as for sparkling beverages entering into new categories. And I think that is adding tremendous value to our business and also tremendous strength to our bottom line as we continue to progress in Latin America. We're cycling a very strong quarter from Latin America last year and we still achieved 5% and generating very healthy returns.
Muhtar Kent: John, the primary reason, I'd say probably 70% -- this is Muhtar, 70% of the mix in Europe is geographic, related to the fact that lower price regions like Germany and Eastern Europe and Central Europe were growing faster than some of the other regions in Europe that have a higher pricing like France, like England, and that has really -- and like Spain. Spain has one of the highest prices in Europe. And so that has had the biggest contributing factor. One of the reasons for that was very unseasonable weather in Northern Europe during half of the quarter. It's never been wetter than -- in history than this – than the beginning of the quarter for 2.5 -- 2 months, 1.5 months, half of the quarter in Northern Europe. So that is coming back, and we feel that, that is one of the primary reasons. As we have more balanced growth in Europe, which we expect will happen, and as Gary said, we feel that it's not going to get any worse than it is and it may even -- and even in these conditions, we can generate growth and crack the calculus for growth, then we feel that, that will certainly be coming back quite significantly. Spain remains today, on a net revenue per unit case basis, the highest in Europe. So I just want to make sure that those -- that commentary gets through.
Muhtar Kent: Well firstly, I mean I think, Caroline, on China, we are confident in our ability to continue growing in China, in this important market despite the changing, as you mentioned, competitive landscape and softness -- comparative softness in the macro conditions. And our transactions are up a healthy 7% in the past quarter. We have said it before in previous quarters that we're focused on transactions and that's the health of the business in China. And certainly, we're driving transactions in a very favorable way. Year-to-date, volume is a solid 6% and our brands are very strong. We have a clear leadership position in the sparkling category, and I have total confidence in both our bottling partners, COFCO and Swire beverages and Bottling Investment Group were to continue to deliver. You have noted from previous calls that on a total comparative basis, relative basis, China's contribution to profit is less than its contribution to volume in the Pacific Group for a number of reasons. One is because we've got much more developed countries that have much bigger margins for like, of course, Japan, but like also Australasia. And therefore, it is -- the impact -- even if we were to promote in China and not that, again, we feel it's a rational environment. But even if we were to promote, it would not have significant impact on the results of the Pacific Group, simply because of the size and scale of the profit pools that are generated out of markets like Japan and out of markets like Australasia. And again, given the size of our Japan profit pool in the Pacific Group, what Gary mentioned is the primary cause of that, which is an increase in volume, 2%, but a commensurate decrease at the same percent point in actually concentrate shipments.
Muhtar Kent: Yes, I think in terms of -- firstly, the good news is that there is more positives to talk about the c-store channel in the quarter than in the first half of the year, we feel. And certainly, it is also important to note that we aggressively led the industry on competition and pricing in the channel. And also that the industry grew at around just under -- shy of 5% roughly in the channel. And we led the pricing. And we have, again, very healthy growth in transactions. And we held share in the channel and of course in total market. And in terms of packaging, our variety of packages starting with the entry pack of 12.5 ounce is really working well for us at the entry price of under $1. And then that puts us -- our 16 ounce significantly ahead of competition and pricing at $1.19 and so on and so forth. So I would say we are very confident and very pleased with the progress that we have in that channel as we have in the Foodservice channel where we see increased traffic coming through, particularly in the latter part of the quarter. And then in energy, you asked, we had double-digit volume growth. Our brands were up and gained volume and value share in the energy channel, in -- which is primarily the c-store, the convenient store channel. But also I'd say that our variety of packages, including the mini cans, 8.5 ounce mini cans and all the way through the 1.25 liter combined with the 2-liter, et cetera, are working really well for us in the future consumption channel as well.
Muhtar Kent: I wouldn't want to comment on competition. I just would say that I think it's healthy for everyone. So thank you Gary and Jackson. And in closing, we had a strong third quarter, have again delivered quality year-to-date performance results. Our business continues to grow even in the midst of global economic challenges. Our system is clearly aligned, on track to achieve our 2020 Vision. The appetite for investment by our bottling partners is as strong as it's ever been. And together we, as a system, continue to invest in our brands on a global scale through world-class marketing and also through world-class commercial strategies. And as a result, consumers' love for our brands is stronger than ever. As always, we thank you for your interest and your investment in our company and for joining us this morning.
Gary P. Fayard: Okay. Bill, a couple of things. As you mentioned, the 2 extra days helped significantly, most particularly in the finished products business, so both in North America and in BIG. And we saw the opposite impact of the 1 less day in the first quarter. So the 2 extra days helped significantly. There are quite a bit of cycling things. And you see a lot of that cycling in the third quarter, which made the third quarter so complex, and that's why we try to give a lot of extra guidance at the end of the second quarter because of the third. But a lot of that is what we've been saying all year, particularly about the North America business, how we would expect to see sequential improvement in the North America business. If you remember, just it went from minus 9 to even, now to plus 3, and you'll continue to see improvement in North America. The easing of commodities is -- obviously is helping some, although a lot of that commodity now has come through, the easing has come through into the standard costs, but that's helping. And currency will help as well, in that the headwinds of currency from the minus 7 in the third quarter to lower in the fourth quarter, not just on the translation of the results but the transactional impact, particularly inside of BIG where that currency owned -- the cost of their commodities or in their cost of goods, we do not pull out our currency-neutral calculation. So the impact of currency does hurt BIG results, and so that will improve as well in the fourth quarter. So I think everything we're seeing -- the brands are healthy. We've taken pricing across the world, we've seen much better elasticities than what we've ever had historically, which give -- has given us a lot of optimism as well.
Gary P. Fayard: Judy, it's Gary. On your -- the rest of your question, in 2013, we're going through business plans now. And on the year-end call, we'll give you an outlook on what we see, both for North America and rest of world, as well as -- because that will obviously encompass things like commodities, currencies, et cetera. So we'll go through that at the end of the year. And -- but we can't do it today.
Gary P. Fayard: Yes, one thing I would add, and I don't know if this is directly responsive to your question, but when I made a few comments in the prepared remarks about volume and how we have different business models like the Innocent, Aujan, et cetera. So you've got some volume in Eurasia this quarter, for example. So if you look at the table in the release, if I remember correctly, it would show that Eurasia and Africa's volume, volumes up 11% and comparable currency-neutral operating income is up 11% as well. So you're not seeing a lot of leverage in that. If you -- but remember, there is no income in there related to Aujan. It's sitting down in equity income, but the volume is in that 11%. So if you adjust for that, Eurasia, Africa actually has some really nice operating leverage within their P&L. And so on operating margins, they're actually sitting in a really nice place for the quarter and year-to-date. So and then on Latin America, I don't think anything really unusual at all. I think they just continue to hum along as they have for the last number of years. And there's nothing other than we continue to invest in Latin America because it's such a great, great, strong market.
Gary P. Fayard: Yes. The only –I'd add one other thing as well. We're probably starting to give you too much detail. But within the quarter in Latin America -- in Brazil actually, they started making -- we started making our initial investments around the 2014 World Cup. That's in marketing. And while in absolute dollars it's not that big, it will continue. But in fact, it does have an impact of 1 point or 2 points on the leverage that you're seeing in Latin America. So I guess, all in, what we're saying is we are continuing to invest in the brands. We're investing well ahead of the curve. We're getting ready for 2014 World Cup. It's flowing through in the third quarter. And you'll see it flow-through next quarter as well because we're going to make sure that we do these things right.
Gary P. Fayard: Yes. Thanks, John. Let's go to Europe first. And there, I think, price/mix was negative 4, and there are a couple of things going on there. But I'd say it's primarily actually the economic condition of Europe. And we've been seeing this flow through for some time now. So I think it's kind of the new normal until we start seeing some more favorable results. But what you're seeing is go to Madrid and what you -- and look at the cafes, and there aren't a lot of people sitting around drinking cokes or coffee or whatever. It is a shift in consumer spending in Europe from immediate consumption much more to future consumption. So while we grew our volume across the region or across each of the business units, there is a shift, and it's all about the macroeconomic environment that we're dealing with. So we feel very confident because people continue to love the brands. They continue to buy the brands. They are just buying them in more of a take home because they're not going out. So it's the macros that are impacting that. And additionally, if you look at the growth rates, there's negative geographic price/mix in Europe as well, just look at the growth rates. Europe and Central and Southern Europe grew faster than Spain and Northwest Europe. So that's some of it as well. And we're cycling through the tax increase in France. So it's all of those kinds of things together. Don't expect to see it get worse. I think we're kind of at the bottom now and should be okay. Relative to price/mix in the Pacific, I think your initial reaction would probably be, "Oh my God, it's minus 6." And your initial reaction is probably that it's all China. Well, it's not actually. A lot of it is actually because if you look at cases and gallons while, as I said in the prepared remarks, that gallons are slightly about 0.5 point ahead of cases in the quarter, in Japan, where Japan volume was up 2, gallons were actually down 2. And it's normal and it'll be fine at the end of the year. But that's 4-point swing in Japan, which as a very high profit per gallon market causes significant price/mix, negative price/mix, and that's a large part of what we're seeing in the Pacific. It's not a big deal. I think Japan was, I think, pretty much in line year-to-date and will be full year.
