James Quincey: Yeah. Good morning. A couple of things. Firstly, the mid single digit growth in 2024 is after the impact of the refranchising that we pulled out. So in other words, pre-structural change that's really six to seven. Second, what I think 2024 represents is a -- ultimately a continuation of the underlying strength and momentum in the business that's being created. If you look at 2023 or you look all the way back to 2019, take five years if you like, what is captured within that is the kernel of the core business running at the top end of the growth algorithm. Yes, there has been inflation and distractions and up and downs, but in the end, running through that is a continuous amount of volume growth as we focus on our consumer franchise and keeping people in and growing the weekly plus consumers in our franchise, managing the cycle of inflation that is now distinct depending on where you are and well, but managing that cycle of inflation, such that we now have in the majority of the countries, 90% plus of the countries normalized levels of kind of pricing more or less coming out of 2023. And so, what you see in this guidance is really the core business in the 90 plus percent of the countries, really low -- taking that combination of headwinds and tailwinds that we've experienced, there'll be a different setting in 2024 that bound to be some new surprises. But we will manage through them with our all-weather strategy and deliver volume growth, growth in the consumer base with weekly plus, we'll earn our right to take an appropriate level of pricing and deliver at the top end of the growth algorithm. And then there's the overlay of the inflationary markets and the selling of the bottler, the bottling investment groups that we've done. And that hyperinflation upright is, as John said, a few points on the top. And obviously, some on the bottom and largely offset by the devaluation. So those two things go together, but captured within that is a strong core growing top and bottom, in-line with the growth algorithm.
James Quincey: Sure. Look, I'm trying to justice the various angles that. Let me unpack a little bit 2023 -- the end of 2023 as a way of coming into 2024. In 2023, we had 2% volume growth, that was true in the fourth quarter and it was true through the year. And actually if you take a five year CAGR, we've been running at 2% volume growth for the last five years. So, to start with the volume, there has been strong underlying volume growth in the last quarter, in the last year, in the last five years. So that's there. And that's true because we focused on building momentum in the system around building the consumer franchise. When you look at how that's come along with pricing, obviously there's the pandemic, the ups and downs and inflation. But let's just break apart 2023 and how that then flows into 2024. If you look at the fourth quarter of 2023, it says 9%, yes, it says 9%. As John pointed out, there a couple of points there that's related to the intra year quarter-to-quarter deduction timing, so take off the two and you get a seven. Of the remaining seven, half of it is normal pricing in the 95% of the business, does not hyperinflationary. And the other 3.5% is in the hyperinflationary countries, because the inflation is so high. So really, what have you've got in the fourth quarter. You've got 2% volume, you've got 3.5%, a bit more than 3.5% price -- price mix and that's the call. There you've got something that's running bang in the center of the long-term growth algorithm of five to six on the topline. It was true in the fourth quarter, it's true as the kernel in the whole 2023, actually it's really true across the whole of the last five years. Once you take out some of these inflationary distortions in the selling of the bottling company. But there it is running the last quarter of last year, the last five years. Think about 2024, we're going to go as we've always said, for a balance of volume and price. In that 95% of the business, we're going to see volume growth and we're going to see normalized pricing growth on -- our aim is for the net of the two to be in that top end of the long-term growth algorithm for revenue growth. Yes, there's going to be an overlay of hyperinflation, that's probably more like a couple of points as we think about 2024 on the topline and that's why you get what we called out in terms of the topline growth. But hopefully that unpack a bit of how price mix has got this hyperinflationary distortion, it actually it's also got the selling of the bottlers, if you don't do it on comparable. But really embedded in that six to seven is a keep hitting the long-term growth [algorithm] (ph) on revenue for the kind of the six year. And we feel the momentum we've built with our bottling partners, investing in the marketing, the innovation, the in-store execution. The execution in the marketplace with the RGM strategies across the global profile of geographies gives us strong confidence we will continue with our momentum.
James Quincey: Yes. Consumer, let me go with two things. One, clearly the consumer landscape in North America, one has to not think of it in aggregate, because actually in aggregate, the U.S. consumer spending power has held up pretty strongly compared to some other developed markets. What has been important is to understand, there is a section of the population that has come under pressure from disposable income, the real spending power squeeze from the inflationary effects and there we are very much focused on affordability. And you could perhaps argue that some of them went out less, there was more at-home purchases. Some of the certain channels and there we really focus with affordability, both from pack size --individual pack size and with multi packs. On the other hand, there a segment of consumers that still have plenty of money, plenty of purchasing power and we've seen strong growth for some of the higher price point premium segments like fairlike core power. Simply, some of those ones, so there's clearly a multiple things going on in the landscape in terms of categories and price points and we've been working to address both ends of those. And as it relates to channels, I think we've seen the kind of re-normalization, there has been a historic slight shift in volume consumption from at-home to away over time. Clearly through COVID, there was a big down in the away from home and then a rebound in 2021 the away from home channels. In 2022 they stay out, but they continue to outpace at-homes. In 2023, they were slightly ahead of at-home. If you look at the various away from home channels, they were slightly ahead of at-home. I would say that landing more in what it was previous to COVID kind of the more normal situation. So that's kind of what I would say strong need to focus on the different consumer segments and the sort of re-normalization of the -- some of the channel dynamics.
James Quincey: Look, we have been focused on our refranchising effort. And as I like John's raised, our ambition is to be the world's smallest bottler. It still remains absolutely true, but we're going to do it at the pace. We sort of make sure we do the refranchising in the right way with the right partners. I think we can categorically say we're very pleased with the refranchising process that we have undertaken over the last number of years. Almost without exception, every time we've poured one of the bottling companies into the hands of the right partner with the joint vision and investment plan to take the business forward. We have stepped up performance, whether it be a straight refranchising or a combination, creating new bottlers or evolve bottlers, we have up to a level of performance. And I think that is a sign of the commitment of the company to invest in what it does best, which is the branding, the marketing, the innovation, working with our bottlers to get the revenue growth management and their unwavering commitment to drive execution and build capabilities and capacities in the marketplace. And that does help, Power, the overall performance I talked about in the answer to the previous questions. So, as -- I think we're in the penultimate chapter of the refranchising. There's only really a couple of pieces left at the right time with the right partners, we would like to finish the play. But really, we have our eye on the prize on creating a much stronger system together with our bottling partners to continue the top of the algorithm momentum very far into the future.
James Quincey: Okay. So, I mean I think the derisking, I think what I would say is, look, we face an extraordinary number of headwinds in the last five years and still delivered at the top end of the algorithm. Things will happen in the coming years. But there'll be tailwinds and I think really the argument about the all-weather is, I cannot tell you what the future holds. But if you look at what we've managed to work through and deliver at the top end on the revenue. And the momentum and the capabilities that we've built in the system. And actually if you look at the share and look at our long-term performance, we are also gaining share within the industry, I think you can see a head of steam builds upon momentum and at the scale that we operate, it's a very compelling way to drive it forward. And as that feeds down into the bottom line, obviously, the mid-single digits, the U.S. dollar EPS goal for 2024 includes the disposal of 2 points of EPS from the bottling system. So kind of on an ongoing basis, that's already six to seven. I think we can continue to drive some leverage from the topline to the bottom line in dollars, and that becomes a compelling compound over time. And as it relates to cash, I think that you will see -- we've put in a kind of a new non-GAAP metric, somewhere in the ecosystem of the website, which just calls out what John was talking about, about the number of discrete items that are coming up over the next couple of years. As it relates to transition tax actually curiously tax on the M&A transactions, if you sell a bottler, the money you get disappears into one account, for the taxes you pay goes into the free cash flow curiously enough. So there's a whole set of discrete items that make the free cash flow look odd for the next few years. But if you strip that out, you see that the earnings are flowing into free cash flow. The cash conversion on that adjusted basis remains very high and is likely to do so. So on a -- in a normal world, clearly, as John said, we will continue to increase our dividend and we would have substantive additional cash to continue to invest in the business and consider potential share repurchases. The wrinkle in the cream, if you like, is our considerations of the IRS tax case and the impending appeal. And so, as we go forward for the next few years, we like our strong balance sheet, we are mindful of the likelihood of launching the appeal in the second half. We have incoming non-operating cash flows, which as John talked about, we used to buy some shares in the fourth quarter. We're going to balance all these things, particularly in the next couple of years, we'll keep everyone updated. But I think the long-term perspective is that, the cash generation will continue to be very strong. John, yes, go on.
James Quincey: Yes. Sure, Chris. I'll give it a go. Look, I think that the headline is the commentary about North America to some extent applies -- to some extent applies everywhere else in the sense that clearly in COVID there was the close downs, the reopening, big swings between away from home and at-home. But in 2022, it kind of re normalized. And I think overall in 2023, you see that again, you saw that in the U.S. where the away from home channels in aggregate was slightly ahead of the at-home channels. You see that also in Europe or the EMEA segment, you see the at-home slightly high, but it's only marginal. And when you break it down, I mean there's going to be the kind of continuing structural growth of away from home. But it's only a small fraction. If that's a sort of leading to a question about pricing. And is there some ongoing likelihood of big upside from kind of channel mix, the short answer is, no. If I were to take a proxy of immediate consumption packages in future comps and consumption packages, because channel mix becomes very different as you get to different parts of the world, particularly the emerging markets. Then they became much more -- the kind of the immediate consumption came much more into balance versus the future consumption in 2023 relative to 2022. And that's not too surprising as we stopped also [indiscernible] affordability having been a strategy in 2023. So that's a roundabout way of saying, we're not expecting big mix effects from channel in 2024.
James Quincey: Sure. Okay. The comments on the 2% in the fourth quarter, that was related not to channel mix. But to the right -- the way that deductions happens, so this is not -- this is often just an accounting treatment between the quarters within the year. So it's not mix as you would think about it in terms of package mix or channel mix of category mix. This is related to kind of the big difference between gross and net revenue. And so, I -- it's a distraction in the short-term. So I would move past backlog. And if you like -- to me, ignore that bit, focus instead on the underlying impact in 2023 of the non-hyperinflationary pricing, which was the kind of 3.5% which is very -- which ran through 2023 and is inherent in what we are saying roughly speaking for 2024. So we're expecting, right and mix whether these channel category geography package, the sort of things we were saying, which in 2023 is what we're expecting in 2024. And again, those are all largely normalized in 2023, so by influence, they're all largely normalized in 2024 as well. So you kind of see a stability across channels packages, et cetera, et cetera. As it relates more specifically to the U.S., yes, we did some de-prioritization of some of the bulk water categories. And some of the advanced hydration was the normalization or re-stabilization of the sports drinks category. I mean, I don't think there's a -- an obvious or useful split between self-inflicted or proactive decisions versus things that were competitive, that's hard to tease apart. Clearly from a performance point of view, when we think about it in the U.S., yes, there's a fractional softening of the volume through the year, which I think goes back to the comment I made about the different consumer segments. But if you step back and think about what was the overall impact of our marketing innovation RGM and execution with the bottlers, the answer is, we want volume share in 2023, and we want value share in 2023. So yes, there's work to be done in the water category and advance hydration then to a much lesser extent in tea. But the overall picture is strong growth in sparkling particularly, Coke and Sprite, good on smart water, good on vitamin water, good on Topo Chico. Very good on fairlife. Good overall win on both dimensions. And that's the platform we'll be looking to drive in 2024.
James Quincey: Sure. Let me put it out. 2023 started very strongly in China, we had invested very heavily behind Chinese New Year. And we had a very -- actually we had a very strong first quarter last year in China. And then, which is kind of still the back end of the re-openings, and while we grew volumes for the restaurant for the total of the year 2023 and revenues, it did soften for the last three quarters of the year in China. And I think what we're going to see is a kind of a reverse of that in 2024. We've invested strongly again in Chinese New Year. This year, we won't know the result for another few weeks net-net. But we're kind of expecting it to be a little slower in the first quarter, especially given what we are cycling from last year. And then for the year to improve, but not too hot or not too cold, if I can use that analogy. So yes, there's a little weakness in the economic system. But we expect things to get -- we get [tends] (ph) directionally to get better through the year and we're going to keep investing behind not just keep key moments in the year like Chinese New Year but restoring more momentum to sparkling and really focusing on RGM and execution opportunities.
James Quincey: Yes. Sure. I mean, firstly, we're going to continue to experiment and find lots of new things hopefully in 2024, but it's certainly true as say that fairlife has been on a roll. And we have been driving that. I think you should have noted a double digit volume growth for as many years I can remember plus faster double digits in revenue. Clearly, as we scale that we needed to put that more capacity. We have recently announced and begun the process of building a mega plant up in upstate New York. And so, capacity tight in the fairlife business and core power is also firing on all cylinders. We'll certainly talk about some of these at CAGNY when we'll kind of lay out some of the back story. I think it's like fairlife and particularly core power and how these brands and products have done a great job in driving from experimentation to scaling, the challenging and, for example, in the case of core power to leading.
James Quincey: Yes. Look, I mean, I think it was at a macro level foreseeable that the market would get tied-up through the course of 2023 as inflation run ahead of wage growth. And so, therefore, yes, it wasn't surprising that would tightness, particularly for certain -- for certain consumer segments. I think all things in due proportion. I mean, the growth in North America in the fourth quarter was basically the same as the growth in the full year, it's only very fractional differences. So, I think these are not big changes in trends. But yes, I think there was a little softening through the -- through 2023. And I think we'll see that kind of a bidding reverse as 2024 starts off as consumers and you can see it in the confidence indicators, the consumers, they're starting to feel like the money coming in is starting to contain and get ahead of the inflation. So I think we'll see that improve through the year, again, all in due proportion, they're not going to be big shifts in the volume growth rate in the U.S. business. In aggregate, we would expect to get more from price relative to volume for the U.S. business. So the balance that I talk about between price and volume applies on a global basis clearly that's been made up of geographic portfolio mix, so places like the U.S., we'd expect to see stable or slightly increasing volume with decent pricing, all the way over to place like India, where clearly we're getting much more volume than price and having to invest significantly in capacity. And those two -- take those two examples, so that's true of the global portfolio, blend it all together and that's where the balance comes from.
James Quincey: Yes. I mean, Coke Space, bit like Coke Creations, not exactly, but it is really aimed at increasing connectivity with Gen Z and the broad consumers, driving engagement -- driving reconsideration is part of a whole overall strategy that as you say we've been deploying for a good number of years, that has really worked to reengage consumers with the Coke trademark, whether it's Coke original, Coke Zero Sugar or even Diet Coke to some extent. The overall strategy of an upgraded approach to the marketing, the innovation whether it's Coke's Space or some of the Creations through the RGM in the execution has allowed us to drive our Coke growth across the global business. And actually by also increasing the focus on Fanta and Sprite even organizationally splitting them out into two sub teams within the organization has allowed us to bring more clarity and more focus onto Fanta and to Sprite and to drive growth there, too. Which has worked in Q4 in 2023 and as you say, over the last five years. I know that sometimes people -- well, I would say that people think about the sparkling category just through the optic of the U.S. over the last 20 years. And I would invite you to look at the optics or everyone to look at the optics of the sparkling category globally all the time, and actually there, you see that the category remains robust on a global scale, both in terms of volume and revenue growth. And of course we are not just the leaders, but we are the share winners, so we see -- if we do the right things for our brands, we will be able to drive the category forward and benefit disproportionately from that growth.
James Quincey: Sure. Carlos, yes. I think it's fair to say that the overall investment levels that you referred to in Lat-Am are pretty consistent across the world. Like one of the underlying tailwinds, I believe we have is the degree to which our system is sharing and thus the opportunity that's ahead and willing to increasingly invest ahead of the curve. So I think that's happening across the global system. One of the subsets of that, of course, is the degree to which digital, and its many forms is playing a pivotal role to sustaining and indeed building advantage wherever we operate. We have CAGNY next week. And I think you'll hear more of that threaded through the conversation we'll see up there. But safe to say, I think CapEx levels are at the highest as a percentage of system revenue that I can remember. And within that the appetite and willingness to invest ahead of the curve, particularly in digital is also at a very high level.
James Quincey: Right. Thanks very much, everyone. Just to summarize, we're proud of what we've accomplished in 2023. We are winning in the marketplace, we're going to be maintaining agility and improving every aspect of how we do business across our total beverage portfolio. John and I look forward to discussing more with you all next week at CAGNY. Thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and joining us this morning. Thank you.
John Murphy: Thanks, Bonnie. Let me start by just pickup from her. James has often step out of both the quarter and the year, if you look over the last four years our -- we've been able to sustain a pretty resilient gross margin line. And as we go into 2024, expect to be able to continue to do so. There's some expansion embedded in the long-term growth model and we're confident that we can continue to drive that. With respect to 2023, the key ingredients, so to speak were the impact of the various pricing actions. We've had around the world, somewhat offset by higher than the normal inflation with some of our commodity items, and some our non-commodity costs. But overall for 2023, that's the key story. In 2024, I think you’ll need to take into account the mechanical impact of the refranchising of those markets that we talked about in the release that will layer in throughout 2024. Keep in mind to the impact of foreign currency headwinds. I think, against that, then we will continue to drive the levers that we have. I've talked about this in the past, but maybe worth just highlighting. We start really with the -- with that suite of revenue growth management tools and the many actions that we can take with that. We have a very resilient supply chain, tremendous partners across the supply chain. We source mostly locally and we continue to drive through our scale a lot of productivity and in almost each line item of what comprises the supply chain. So going into 2024, I think it's worth just reiterating, well we expect to see margin expansion. Some of it driven by that mechanical effect of the bottler refranchising. And with some more normalized costs inflation relative to the last couple of years, plus continuing to deploy those levers. I talked about, we see the opportunity to continue to drive per our long-term growth model expansion.
John Murphy: Yes. Let me take the end. And then I'll pass it over to James for the beginning. The mix that you referred to is timing related and it's not unusual in the fourth quarter to have timing related items, and in the deductions area, particularly, that will flow back through into next year.
John Murphy: Great. And on currency, Steve. Let me just make a couple of comments in case there are other questions out there on currency overall. First of all, I think it's important to highlight the 2024 guidance that we've given. It would be close to flat if we were to exclude those few hyperinflationary markets. And it just reinforces the point that we're making on that sort of distortion that those few markets have. And then secondly, with regards to your specific question, I do not have that breakdown. Today, there is just too many -- there's just too many puts and takes, particularly in that below the operating income line as we go through the year. You got to do a monthly remeasurement on the balance sheet items. And that's just a calculation, that's -- I don't have the ability to predict with great detail. So I just keep in mind that the overall impact I think is the one to focus on. In normal years the multiplier is 1.5 times to 2 times, we would continue to assume that will be the case going forward. But these hyperinflationary markets have a tenancy to create that distortion that we've highlighted and we’ll continue to provide guidance as we go through the year to make sure that everybody stays abreast of the latest developments.
John Murphy: Just one additional point. In addition to that, unwavering commitment we have to the dividend that we talked about in the script. One of the lessons I think over the last couple of years is to be prepared to be more dynamic relative to your kind of normal view of the individual components. So, as you know, our debt -- our debt goal is to be 2 times to 2.5 times, and we're up 1.7 times. We think that's right for what we need going into 2024, 2025. We've taken up our CapEx for 2024 because it's the right thing to do to continue to build the growth foundations that we need. And in those parts of the business that need capacity. Just two examples. And so, I think we will continue to demonstrate that as we go forward, the share repurchases in the back half of the year, again was not something that we had necessarily considered at the start of the year. But we first, there was an opportunity with the buffer proceeds coming in to do so. And we continue to take that approach as we enter this coming year.
