Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will touch briefly on a few key highlights in the quarter before handing off to James to provide a more detailed review of our operational performance. During the quarter, we continued our progress towards transforming our company to a higher margin and return business focused on our core value creation model of building strong brands, enhancing customer value, and leading our franchise system. Our continued focus on our five strategic initiatives enabled us to deliver another quarter of global value share gains, while delivering 3% organic revenue growth in a worsening macroeconomic environment. Importantly, our segmented revenue growth strategies drove three points of price/mix in the quarter. Further, our strong focus on productivity was instrumental in expanding operating profit margins and delivering our profit target. While we are pleased we accelerated our price/mix from 1% last quarter to 3% this quarter, our volume and top-line results still fell short of our expectations. This was largely due to a weakening demand in certain large emerging and developing markets, which also impacted our company-owned bottling operations' revenue growth. Within our Bottling Investments segment, positive pricing at our North American bottler was offset by challenges in our China bottling operations, resulting in even organic revenues for our company-owned bottling operations globally. However, our core franchise operations continued to perform well, growing organic revenues a full point ahead of our consolidated organic revenues and in line with our long-term targets. Despite weaker conditions in several emerging and developing markets, we continued to see a positive return on our marketing investments, with solid performance in key markets such as United States, Japan, and Mexico, which James will touch on in more detail. While the macroeconomic headwinds we are facing in these emerging and developing markets are cyclical in nature and not secular downturns, we're not expecting a material improvement in the remainder of the year, given the continuing volatility in the global economy. This outlook, coupled with where we are year-to-date, will make achieving our previous 4% to 5% organic revenue growth rate very challenging. Therefore, we are lowering our outlook for full-year consolidated organic revenue growth. James and Kathy will discuss this in greater detail later on the call. With that being said, we remain fully committed and confident in achieving our underlying profit target, despite this challenging environment. We're also confident that our core organic revenue growth will continue to outperform our consolidated organic revenue growth by a full point. Finally, we remain on track with our refranchising efforts, and we are confident we will complete those efforts by the end of 2017. Over the past few months, we successfully completed the Coca-Cola European Partners and Coca-Cola Beverages Africa transactions, announced the transfer of certain territories in the United States to Arca Continental, UNITED venture and reached a new understanding with Coca-Cola FEMSA regarding joint value creation in Mexico and certain territorial expansion opportunities for company-owned bottling operations, which was announced just this morning. As we work through the comprehensive refranchising and near-term macro challenges, we will emerge a much stronger company with higher margins and returns and better positioned to deliver on our long-term growth targets. I will now hand the call over to James, who will provide you with a more detailed look at our operating performance.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Yeah, we're overall very confident that the changes in marketing, the strategy on innovation pipeline, the One Brand strategy, which is just at the beginning, the promotions that we have in store in the summer around the Olympics, the price/mix expansion that we've experienced in quarter two, all of that we feel play very into the equation and feel, give us confidence in the back half that there are likely more challenging comps in the back half that we can actually cycle them and achieve them going forward and feel confident that we can.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Ali, just to add to the point of ROIC on the marketing, when you take into account the price/mix expansion going from 1% to 3% in the quarter, when you take into account the core business that we have, which is really the company that's emerging out of this very rapid transformation and refranchising, is growing still at a point ahead of the total company currently consolidated number, which is at 4%, which is within our sort of long-term growth target that we've espoused to and talked about. I think that's also not maybe a micro metric, but certainly an important metric to consider in terms of the payback on also all the activity. And we are still in the early days of the One Brand strategy. It just launched in Mexico a few months ago, just launched in Europe and parts of Europe. So again, we feel confident that that is going to continue to work in our benefit, coupled with the marketing that James talked about.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Judy, good morning, again. It's Muhtar. First, I think James talked in detail about where the volume shortfalls were coming from and specifically related to certain large emerging markets that drove that number, and so that's related to Brazil. That's related to China being the large ones, but also Russia. All of those emerging markets that used to have better disposable incomes, better macro conditions, basically drove some of that. And going forward, certainly, we expect some improvement in that area. So that's number one. Number two, I think important to note that, again, mentioned that the developed markets grew and developing markets grew volume and were ahead of the total company number, which was flat and ahead of emerging markets. That itself will tell you that certainly the price/mix coming from those markets and then the total geographic mix that coupled with that, is something that was instrumental in driving our price/mix number in the way it landed in the quarter. So all of those factors and algebras, all the algebra coming together is what made that, the country mix coming out of that, the geographic mix and then the volume, coupled with the pricing that we got. And today, when you look at our U.S. business, with 4% organic revenue growth in North America, that tells you that that is in, certainly, in very much in the upper quartile of all large consumer businesses in the country. We are doing very, very well. Japan performed well. Again, Mexico performed very well in terms of the volume and pricing combined, driving the total number of price/mix. So all of that really goes to explain and hopefully answers your question on that. Anything to add, James, there? Okay.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: And then, the sparkling segment, just to finalize that, continues to be a segment of the non-alcoholic, ready-to-drink, where consumers continue to spend a very large amount of money and in terms of consumer spend and in terms of the dollar value, is still very, very healthy. And that's why it gives us confidence looking into the future about what we're doing in terms of the segmented revenue growth strategy and in terms of the marketing approach and the One Brand strategy in taking the lion's share of that spend going forward.
Ahmet Muhtar Kent: Thank you, James, Kathy and Tim. I'd say we're on track with transforming The Coca-Cola Company to one that is even more focused on our core value creation model of building strong brands, enhancing customer value and leading our franchise system, the transformation that will result in significantly higher margin and returns. The macro headwinds are putting pressure on our top line, but they're cyclical in nature and we're taking the right actions that give us confidence that we will emerge a much stronger company, while we also deliver our profit targets. We remain confident that the long-term dynamics of our industry are promising, and we absolutely believe that The Coca-Cola Company is well-positioned to deliver long-term value to our shareholders. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us this morning.
Kathy N. Waller: Thank you, James, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to touch quickly on our financial performance in the quarter before providing our full-year outlook. Starting at the top line, our organic revenue growth was impacted about a point by our segment mix, as our Bottling Investments segment grew slower than our core business. At gross profit, our comparable margin declined 20 basis points due to currency and structural headwinds. Excluding the effect of these items, our underlying gross margin expanded over 100 basis points, driven by solid pricing, a slightly favorable cost environment, productivity and segment mix. Our comparable operating margin improved about 15 (14:31) basis points. Similar to gross margin, currency and structural headwinds impacted our operating margin. Excluding the effect of these items, our underlying operating margin increased about 180 basis points in the quarter, due to gross margin expansion, as well as the timing of productivity savings and certain expenses. Now, turning to outlook, as Muhtar mentioned, we are revising our full-year top line target. For the full year, we now expect 3% organic revenue growth. With that said, we are confident our strategies will deliver stronger organic growth for our core business. And we are maintaining our full-year underlying profit target as we continue to manage our business. Therefore, we expect to deliver comparable currency neutral ex-structural income before tax growth of 6% to 8%, in line with our long-term target. During the first half of the year, we generated strong underlying operating leverage. Consistent with our previously-provided guidance, we expect this to moderate as we begin to cycle more difficult comparisons in the back half of this year. Coca-Cola European Partners closed about a month earlier than we estimated in our previous structural guidance. And we continue to move faster with our refranchising efforts in North America. Therefore, we are updating our full-year structural outlook. We now expect a six to seven point structural headwind on net revenue and a four point headwind on income before tax. Our currency outlook remains the same as our previous guidance, a two to three point headwind on net revenue and an eight to nine point headwind on income before tax. So taking all of this into consideration, we expect full-year comparable EPS to decline 4% to 7%. And there are a few phasing items to consider when constructing your models. Our fourth quarter has two additional days, as compared to last year, which will result in stronger top line growth in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter. In addition, the two additional days in the fourth quarter, coupled with what we are cycling in SG&A in the third quarter of last year, means operating leverage will skew strongly into the fourth quarter. Therefore, we expect virtually all of our growth in comparable currency neutral ex-structural income before tax to come in the fourth quarter. We expect structural items to be a nine point headwind on net revenue and a three point headwind on income before tax in the third quarter. Finally, we expect currency to be a two point headwind on net revenue and a two to three point headwind on income before tax in the third quarter. In closing, our strategies are working in key markets. We are on track to deliver over $600 million in productivity this year, and we continue to accelerate our refranchising efforts. While our expectations for top line growth have softened, we remain confident in our ability to deliver our profit target this year. Operator, we are now ready for questions.
Kathy N. Waller: No, I would say that those are the reasons, Muhtar. I would say probably you are picking up the fact that we do have more difficult comps in the back half for some of the things that Muhtar mentioned, but we are confident that we will still be on our guidance.
Kathy N. Waller: Okay, Ali. So basically, it's in the rounding. So, yes, we gave comparable currency neutral guidance on EPS of 4% to 6%, and that was comparable currency neutral. So then when you either take out another rounded point of structural, so it rounded down, but it's really is a rounding point of structural. And then you take out currency, that gets you basically in the actual numbers, if you take out only a point of structural, gets you to 3% to 6%, but then it's in the rounding, so that's how we came up with the 4% to 7%.
Kathy N. Waller: If you start with the 4% to 6%, you back out the currency and you back out a rounded point of structural, that gets you down to your 3% to 6% and then it's really in the rounding to get to the 4% to 7%.
Kathy N. Waller: And on currency, so, yes, we did not change our guidance this quarter. We've had a lot of movement in some key currencies, but basically they are offsetting each other. Given the volatility that we've seen kind of across the portfolio, some currencies are getting better, like Brazil. Some are staying the same or getting worse, like a Mexico. Our hard currencies, we are hedged 100%, basically, and then we hedge our emerging market currencies on a short-term basis as kind of opportunistically. With 2017 being fully hedged for our hard currencies and, obviously, our exposure then would be basically in our emerging market currencies.
Kathy N. Waller: On the price/mix question, Judy, so we did have this quarter, price/mix was positive across in all of our groups. Yes, primarily driven by Latin America and inflationary pricing, but also operational pricing in EAG, but then it was offset by some segment mix coming from the Bottling Investments segment. So, as James said, pricing of 2% to 3% is what we expect and what we would think would be very good pricing and in line with our segmentation strategy, even though EAG was probably more than kind of out of its normal range at this point, but North America, pricing is still very strong. So we do believe in the segment strategy and the 2%, 3% is kind of what we expect going forward.
James Quincey: Okay. Morning, Steve. So, okay, let me try and get to China, and let me start from the top and work downwards, if I may. I mean, firstly, it's clear that, when you look at The Coke Company, almost half our revenue comes from bottling versus the other half comes from concentrate and franchise, but given, as you all know, that a bottling business comes with four to five times more revenue per drink sold and the accompanying cost, any effect on the revenue of the bottler is going to have a magnified impact on revenue and much less on profits, which is part of this dynamic. So in China, it's our largest international bottling operation. We own bottlers that are roughly 20% of the global business, but the biggest one outside the U.S. is China. So that's where it's coming from. And it's the mechanical impact of being hit in China, where we own about a third of the system, that's creating that whole difference between the 3% and the 4%. And what we've assumed in our outlook, just to be more confident, clear in our confidence going forward, is we have not really assumed that China is going to get better in the rest of the year. So if it did, that would be great. But we are assuming it's not in terms of our outlook and guidance, but obviously we're working to try and make it better. Now, as I said, as you kind of tried to split the difference, what's changing is both the consumer and the supply chain. I think in round numbers from a revenue perspective, you've got about half the impact coming from the consumer and half coming from the supply chain. What's happening on the consumer, you can see is it in the scanned Neilson, and the non-scanned Neilson is probably a bit worse than the scanned Neilson in terms of slowdown in sell-out to the consumers of all types of FMCG categories, so it is a kind of a broad-based consumer slowdown. Within that, from a beverage point of view, you've got juice drinks and juices, which were kind of more for the rural areas and blue-collar, they are down double digits in terms of revenue from a consumer point of view. Something like Coke is down low single digits and premium waters is growing. So there's a shift in the category mix going on, which is also actually impacts revenue because juice drink prices tend to be higher than sparkling or water, so that doesn't flow through to profitability. So there is a kind of rebasing going on in there. But as I said, about half of it's the supply chain, the whiplash effect of the de-stocking by the customers and that, as you say, is likely to be a much shorter-term impact, but, again, we're working on it, but we're not including an improvement in that in our outlook, although clearly, we want to get focused on it and get it to work. I agree with you. The consumer thing will take a little more time to come back, which is why we're focused on our kind of the game plan we know that works in downturns, where we focus on affordability, on premiumizing for those parts of the country, like the premium metro areas, and bringing out new products for them. And that way, we believe we can gain value share, which we continue to do, in China, so that we're set up as the consumer starts recovering. So about half and half and we believe that the consumer will come back and the supply chain will sort itself out in the relative short-term in the rest of this year. Now, with regard to the refranchising, obviously, can't really comment on the M&A, but I would say that we and our partners all believe in the long-term potential of the China market. We're very excited and, as I said, because a large part of what's happening in the short-term is de-stocking in inventory. Everyone's looking past that and looking to the long-term, and I think there's still good motivation and animation by everyone to get the deal done. And we'll obviously, from our point of view, make sure we do it on the right terms for ourselves. And they'll be looking for the right terms for them, but we still think it's the right deal for everyone and with a good likelihood of getting done.
James Quincey: Sure. I think perhaps that's two questions in the second question there, Ali, but let me have a go. Look, in terms of reassessing the actions, that's both on the places with momentum and the places that are suffering. There are parts of the business that are growing strongly, whether that's at one end of the spectrum like the U.S. and Japan, where we've got good momentum. And the U.S. grew organically 4% in the quarter. Japan is growing well. We are increasing the amount of spend as we see the tailwinds and the effectiveness of the marketing, the innovation, the execution. So we're reallocating money to the places that have momentum. And that's on the developed end, like the U.S. and Japan. It's also on the emerging end, like Indonesia and the Philippines and places like that. So we're going where we see the opportunity to get the biggest bang for the buck. Now, we're taking some of the money from those markets that are under most pressure, and, in those places, we're prioritizing. Yes, there's still some advertising, but we're doing innovations and we're doing execution and very importantly, doing affordability. So the most extreme example perhaps is Venezuela, where there was no sugar. And we've actually doubled-down on really driving Coke with zero sugar in Venezuela with kind of a full red One Brand look. So there are places where we are adjusting to the need that just because you advertise, doesn't mean people are going to buy if it's an affordability problem. And I think China is a good example of where affordability is in there as well, and I think I've talked a bit about China. But the game plan that we've used in those emerging markets under pressure, we're really (30:44) rolling out, so that reassessing is moving some top line money to those with momentum and doubling-down on execution and affordability and innovation in those pressured markets. And that kind of goes a bit to the advertising. Advertising is up this quarter as we continue to see the value of advertising as part of the marketing mix in combination with innovation and execution. It's only when you get all of those together that you really get the best returns, and we always look to make sure that all three are there. Otherwise, we'll end up wasting our money. So we're out there and we're pushing ahead with it. And I think what we always have said is that advertising takes some time to work. So, for example, the One Brand strategy that we announced in the first quarter, we started the rollout, the latest iteration of the graphics went into Mexico a couple of months ago. That sort of marketing innovation takes time to build up an effect. So we'll keep pressing away with the investment and keep assessing. It's too early to call the success. We'd do that towards the end of the year, but we are focused on making that work.
James Quincey: Sure. Let me start. I don't think any of the unit case pressure in the second quarter was due to the reorganization. I think the trends on unit cases, and let me just throw out another way of looking at it, has started at the beginning of the year. I think it's probably one of the few times we've seen the developed and our developing countries grow volume and actually seen the emerging markets decline in aggregate. I know we only put out the numbers by groups. But if you look at developed companies and developing economies, you see volume growth in both those blocks of countries. So in the end, our business, when you take the segmented roles, we've got volume growth and price/mix growth in developed and developing countries, which is very positive in terms of the long-term trajectory of the business. North America has got multi-years of making that work at the revenue line, so that's very strong. The volume weakness is all in the emerging markets, and it's all concentrated in a few of the emerging markets. It's big in some of those markets, but it's very concentrated. And the people then on the country levels are all largely still the same and working on these problems. So hopefully, that gives you a little insight on where the volume weakness is, but I don't think it has anything to do with the reorganization. In fact, I think the reorganization is helping us bring some refreshed views and some experience on what to do in emerging market weakness going forward in the downhill this year and into the future. And then on the price/mix, 3% is a good result. I think we've always talked about our long-term growth model calls for 4% to 6% revenue growth. And we see a balanced split between volume and price/mix into the future. So that gives you a 2% to 3% for price/mix as the component of the long-term growth. And also, 3% is a strong result. Long may it live. For the long-term growth model, we're looking for 4% to 6% in a balanced way.
James Quincey: Sure. On Europe, I think Europe got a little bit better this quarter. There are things weighing on our business. I'm not a big fan of calling out weather as a driver of performance. The weather occurs, for good or for bad, all around the world. Now, in the case of Spain and also France, at kind of that end of the Mediterranean, it was particularly poor in the middle part of the quarter. So that's really what's driving what's going on in the Spanish business and also it impacted the French business. So we see Europe getting a little bit better. I mean, we had some good results out of Germany. And, as you said, some sequential improvement out of GB cycling out of some of the supply chain problems and as they got fixed, that came out of the first quarter. So we see that starting to improve going forward, but I think I hate calling out the weather, but I think that's really the reason in Spain, and France. And I think we'll start to see those businesses get better. Now, it is worth saying that we've got a lot of good programs in Europe, but the recent tragic events in Belgium, in France, and recently in Germany, do weigh on consumer sentiment and consumer behavior. They go out less and we have strong on-premise businesses, in fact, particularly in Spain. And that is being dragged down as people respond to some of these tragic events by, perhaps, staying at home a little more. Now, that hopefully will get better in time as the security situation improves, but I don't want to get into weather and global events. I think the business in Europe can get better. We've got a lot of launches coming up and we've got some strong programs. I think Europe can continue to perform.
James Quincey: I mean, I'm not going to comment on the beginning of July from a volume perspective. I would note that I think July was the biggest-ever month for Spain last year, so they've got some tough comps to cycle. They had a record summer last year. The underlying business in Spain is improving. Firstly, the economy is getting better. Secondly, the supermarket environment in terms of rational pricing and some of the activities is getting better. And the Spanish bottler made a massive investment going into last year to reinvest in returnable glass, which is one of the preeminent places in the world where this is true in the on-premise accounts. And that's starting to show good results, notwithstanding the weather and the security impacts in the year-to-date. And now, with the CCEP deal closed and management fully focused on leveraging the best of the marketing, the best of the innovation and really doubling-down on the execution, I think we'll start to see improvements in Spain and the other CCEP territories.
James Quincey: Sure. I think in your first question, I mean, our medium-term outlook for the industry hasn't really changed. We're still expecting robust growth in the industry in the long-term, driven by the disposal income, urbanization, the middle class, innovation. We see these things expanding. Now, we've talked about that being in the 5% sort of ballpark and then probably in the next few years, talked about it being in the 4%. So we do see it coming back over time. But we do see industry growth slightly moderated in the short-term, as we talked a little bit about in some of the previous conferences. Now, you did ask the question, which kind of seemed short to me because I think I would – give me a second to just re-underline from our point of view, the biggest mechanical impact in the quarter and the year-to-date is this asymmetry between where we own bottlers and where it is less than 20% of the volume or about 20% of the volume versus being in 200 countries. If you part the bottling side, and just look at the core concentrate and franchise, we're running organic at 4% and we're meeting our profit guidance. So we're not trying to say small ups and downs in the macro economies is what should buffet us every quarter, we just need to deal with those things. I just think there's this one asymmetrical effect of the bottling thing, which is kind of important, which is affecting the number. But I don't want to give the impression we're seeing a massive – or trying to signal a deterioration in outlook for the concentrate and franchise business. Now, with regard to Coke FEMSA, yeah, we talked about looking at some territories on a preferred basis. I'm not going to get into exactly how that means in terms of what preferred means versus exclusive, et cetera, but they're our biggest bottling partner. We have a very strong relationship. We've made an agreement on how we're going to create more value together in Mexico and how they can look to participate in some of the refranchising of the territories that we own in bottling and we're very excited about doing more stuff together.
James Quincey: Yeah, I think, yes, I mean, in part, please read into this that we're moving the business to more of a revenue focus. I mean, absolutely under the heading everything communicates, that is part of what we're trying to say. We believe in our segmented revenue approach. It's not that we have forgotten about volume or don't believe it's an underlying driver in the long-term, particularly in the emerging markets of what's going to create the business over the long-term, but as we look at places like North America and some of the other developed markets, clearly, we're going after more of a revenue strategy that's driven by smaller packages, by some pricing actions, so we do want to call out that perhaps the best way to think about health of the business going into the future is the revenue growth. And that's where I think what we're trying to say is, not just the beverage industry, the sparkling industry category and brand Coke all remain healthy in terms of revenue growth. All three of those are growing revenue globally, and we continue to see good attraction both in the U.S. in terms of sparkling revenue growth and internationally in terms of sparkling revenue growth.
