James Quincey: Let me just offer up a few thoughts, Dara. Firstly, just breaking out Q3 because I think that's instructive as you think about the down end of the year and into next year. Firstly, there are a couple of points in Q3 that's the carryover from the more inflationary environment from 2022. And obviously, that will drop out as we get into Q4 and obviously next year. And then you've got the regular pricing. And then you've got a couple of points of pricing that's coming from these very high inflation markets, Argentina, Turkey and a number of the African markets that, given the levels of inflation, is making a difference at the overall company level. And as John mentioned in the FX guidance, we're assuming some degree of negativity from those markets next year. But we are assuming some degree of positivity in that sense in price/mix next year. The one thing that's uncertain about -- the one thing that's certain about high inflation markets is it ends unpredictably. So it's very early to have a full pitch on what that's going to look like in 2024. And obviously, we'll update when we get to February. So net-net, you're going to have continued moderation heading towards the landing zone in the developed economies. You've got a couple of emerging markets which are subnormal inflation, aka China. And then, you've got a mixed bag of emerging markets and a particular importance is going to be what is the overall journey in these high-inflation marketplaces. So hopefully that provides some parameters with which to think about how it lands in Q4 and into next year.
James Quincey: Sure. So firstly, I want to just underline that we have been pursuing for a good number of years but very specifically this year and also will be pursuing into next year is, no matter what the degree of inflation in the environment, we want to protect the scale of our consumer franchise and see it grow. In other words, we want to see positive volume or transaction growth in the environment. And so very much our strategy of the marketing, the innovation, the RGM, the execution has been very much around not just gaining value share in these environments but making sure that there's volume growth embedded in it; so we very much take that approach. And as it relates to the regions where there was inflation, where there's volume, I mean, the two biggest pieces of the puzzle are Latin America and EMEA. And taking those in order, Latin America, the inflationary pricing is very clearly driven by Argentina. The rest of the content, generally speaking, is in the same sort of ballpark, the inflation that has been predominant there for an extended period of time. And it's an environment we very much know how to operate in. And we have a great business there and they very much are masters of executing against the marketing innovation, the execution, the RGM. And then Argentina is a rollercoaster, given its inflation levels and its economic levels. I can say that from personal experience as I was the country manager there in 2001 and 2002 when they had a big devaluation and default on their debt. And so this is something where we know how to operate and it's kind of part of what happens in certain markets in Latin America and so we are able to execute. As it relates to EMEA, divided into two parts. One is the European environment where inflation, much like the U.S., is moderating down and the dynamic in Europe was much more around a moderating degree of inflation and the fact that they had a relatively poor summer in terms of the weather and the consumer is perhaps under a little more pressure than the U.S. The other half of the EMEA group is Eurasia and Africa. And in that context, there are a number of very high inflation marketplaces like Turkey, Zimbabwe as it happens, Nigeria to some extent, Egypt to some extent. And there, when the inflation does spike, you do occasionally see impacts to volume. But overall, we've been able to manage through it so that on a total segment basis, we've carried it through. And we certainly look to, as I said, maintain and grow the consumer franchise, although in some of those markets in any given quarter, the volume may be negative as inflation tends to be much more spiky than the system.
James Quincey: Okay. Just kind of let me try and unpack that a little bit. So we have come in post-COVID over the last couple of years and said we expected a rebound. And we are going to lean in and invest for growth as long as growth is there rather than trying to pull back in anticipation of something. And that modus operandi, I'm not sure I would characterize extra marketing as a drag on results, more as a motor to driving the top line and the bottom line that we're seeing. So we feel that the leaning in is working, obviously, typified by the fact we've raised both the top line and the bottom line guidance. I think as a model to the extent that we can continue to push that through the end of this year and into next year, we would certainly be happy to do so. Having said that, to the extent that 2024 brings some unexpected surprises, we will pivot, whether it's a country, a region or globally, we will pivot with speed as we did in the second quarter of 2020 when COVID hit and we ramped down marketing spend in that environment. So we feel we've developed a much greater degree of flexibility to move, should moving be needed at whatever part of the world. But as a starting point, we're going to lean in for growth. And I think the last thing I would say is if you think about the balance of all these items, if you take -- if you kind of zoom out a little bit and take a broader perspective of the operating income margin because obviously, marketing is just a component of all the different pieces, if you take a look at operating income margin over the, I don't know, last 5 years or so, you'll see that it's been increasing at about 0.5 point a year operating margin which is broadly in line with the implied leverage in the long-term growth model. And so that has been an objective of ours. It's not going to happen every quarter because quarters are very lumpy but it is part of the way we see our strategy.
James Quincey: Sure. Thanks, Robert. Look, I absolutely think there's a tremendous opportunity in the U.S. marketplace to leverage greater pack diversity. We're not capturing all the opportunities that are there. And the leveraging of greater pack diversity actually helps in an environment where, as you have in the U.S. at the moment where certain segments of consumers feel under disposable income pressure and would look for more affordable options. And yet, there are plenty of segments either in terms of their income or in terms of the channels they're going and spending in who are more disposed for premium options. So the marketplace offers the opportunity of greater segmentation and diversity of packaging. We have more that we can do in the marketplace in the U.S., whether it be on the nature and the range of the can sizes and shapes or the PET bottles. So I think there's plenty of runway in the U.S. to continue to leverage packaging diversity to satisfy consumer needs and to deliver on the RGM equations that we have the opportunity for in the U.S. And ultimately, you could look at other parts of the world, Latin America or Europe which are relatively developed cold markets and see that we do successfully use more packages there to deliver the business that the consumers want to have.
James Quincey: Yes. Sure, Chris. I don't think we're reaching a threshold in terms of the expansion of Coke Zero. Actually, I think quite the opposite, I think there's a vast potential for Coke Zero going forward. I think what you see in the very short term is the impact of some of the big Coke Zero markets aka Europe. They also had a very poor summer and run for a couple of months there and that makes it look like it's dipped down in Q3. But I think Coke Zero has plenty of runway going forward and we will continue to invest behind it and are bullish on its long-term potential.
James Quincey: Yes. Sure, Bill. Obviously, I hate the idea of just waiting for something to happen macro economically. Certainly, it helps when there's a tailwind from the general environment but we're not going to wait for that. We're very focused on investing to try and capitalize on the opportunities and restore momentum, particularly on the sparkling business and there's a lot of RGM and execution opportunities for us to go and tackle in China. Also, we need to get cranked up and have a really strong Chinese New Year which will be in the early part of 2024. And we took a set of decisions in Q3 which created a bit of an impact on the APAC segment margin to really get focused and kind of invest ahead and make some prioritization decisions so that we can really drive the Chinese business forward, hoping that there'll be a plus from the tailwinds of the macroeconomics but we can't wait for that. We need to focus on controlling what we can control and investing to drive the business.
James Quincey: No, we didn't give a precise number but it's about 2.5 points. It depends which countries you want to add in and where you want to cut the line but think of it as about 2.5 points in Q3.
James Quincey: Sure. Firstly, let me start by saying the Nielsen universe represents just under half of our business in the U.S. So the measured channels are just under half of the total business. And what's happening in the consumer landscape is in kind of simplifying it down, the lower-income consumers are those most under pressure and the shopping occasion that's most under pressure is when they're buying for at-home. And so that is the business most captured by Nielsen. And the bit of the marketplace where there's more growth is when consumers are away from home. So there's still very -- still a rebound and strong growth in away-from-home channels, not just some of the restaurants but the amusements, travel, leisure, hospitality, those things. So you're seeing more growth in that part of the marketplace which is unmeasured. And so that's what's really driving the strength of the U.S. business overall and the revenue side. And so you see kind of a divergence of the consumer behavior between at home and away from home. Obviously, who's under pressure from a disposable income is clear. And then that feeds through into kind of the observed measures channels versus the total overall marketplace.
James Quincey: Okay. So I think -- look, the European consumer is under slightly more pressure than the U.S. consumer from a disposable income point of view. That's the starting point. So I think that's why you see a little more trading down or tightness on basket size in Europe versus the U.S. And I think that's generally overall true. And then the question of which categories are most pressured by that is really about brand strength and prioritization of occasions by the consumer. So if you've got to save money, you don't trade down averagely across everything, you make a choice in certain categories and you preserve your choices on other categories. So very much our objective is to make sure they value our brands so that they make the choices in the shopping occasion. If there is going to be a reduction in total spend, that obviously happens in some other categories when they trade down to the private label in those ones. And we preserve our brand strengths because we deliver value for them in the product, in the marketing and innovation. And so that's the overall dynamic as we see it. And that's the difference between the U.S. and Europe.
James Quincey: Sure. Yes. I mean, China was clearly a drag in volumetric terms on the segment. Most importantly, from a margin point of view, it's really important to not over-rotate to the numbers in any given quarter, given the lumpiness of -- this is concentrate sales, several steps back in the supply chain from the consumer. So I think it's important to always take an average of four quarters. In the third quarter, as I commented a little earlier, we made a number of decisions on portfolio prioritization as it related to China and to investing for a fast start in 2024 in a number of markets in Asia Pacific, whether that be Japan or China. And so there are some investments going there. The overall pricing environment is relatively clear. China inflation is relatively minimal. In Japan, we've been taking pricing recently, given the inflation in Japan which is kind of very different to the last 30 years. And then the rest of the inflation is kind of the relatively obvious CPI around the rest of ASEAN and Australia. And so that's really what's driving it. I think see the third quarter in Asia Pacific more as an anomaly in terms of price/mix rather than a trend.
James Quincey: Sure. I mean the U.S. bottler is much like the rest of the international bottlers are undergoing a set of digital investments. And actually, it's both. The answer is not either, it's both. We have been making investments in technology for a long period of time to drive efficiencies through the supply chain, through the manufacturing, through the logistics whether it be old-school technology investments, AI and now generative AIs are kind of a different feature. So there's a lot going on and there's a lot of connectivity among the bottlers on the enterprise software side because they're all connected through -- they're basically all use or most of them use a shared platform to get things done that's referred to internally as CONA. So there's a lot of investment on making sure the supply chain is as efficient as it can be and a lot of support from ecosystem partners to get it done. And then in terms of the rest of the -- I mean, they're investing in the marketplace that digitize the relationship with largely the non-modern trade. Obviously, when you're talking to the big modern retail customers, that interaction is already largely digitized. And the focus there is on trying to intensify the connection, really from a supply chain, inventory visibility and forecasting effectiveness point of view but the connectivity already exists. And then from the non-chain customers, it's really about can you get them on to -- in simple terms, a B2B platform so that it's 24/7 opportunities to order, knowing that if you can digitize the relationship, then it tends to be deeper and more productive. And then once that exists, layering on an AI component which a number of the bottlers internationally have been working on in coordination, an AI-supported kind of B2B relationship over a platform that can then provide them suggested purchase orders. And that is also helping to drive the business. So the U.S. bottlers in that sense are very much on a similar journey to the international bottlers.
James Quincey: Sure. We -- our objective is to do justice for the brands in the portfolio. And certainly, you can make an argument that those categories where we have lower shares have a natural opportunity to gain share. But of course, that is something you need to take from someone else. The other way of seeing the world is to say that the beverage industry seen from a global perspective are referenced back to the page in CAGNY with all the little people on it, the vast majority of the page is actually white space. In other words, the beverage industry is not yet created. And so actually, the idea that sparkling continues to grow is a representation of us operating from a position of strength to create the industry in the white spaces with our most successful and strongest brands. And so continued growth of sparkling should be a feature of our path going forward. And then in the non-sparkling categories, of course, we are looking to gain share. We talked historically about trying to get from experimental to challengers to leader to quality leadership. And I think that is a long-term build that has been playing out. If you take the long-term perspective and look at the percent of the total business that is made up of non-sparkling brands, it has increased slowly but it has increased consistently over the last couple of decades. So we start from a point of view of being consumer-centric from resource and capital allocation and from earning the right to move up the experimenters into the challenger into the leadership position. Nothing radical is going to happen overnight. But it is a dynamic that has built steadily over the last number of years and decades. And we're confident in the opportunity to rebuild the industry or to build the industry further into the future. Okay. That was the last question, operator. Okay. So to conclude, thanks very much, everyone. We've proven, I hope you can see, in Q3 that we continue to deliver volume, top line growth and incremental U.S. dollar earnings per share by executing against our all-weather strategy. And we're confident that we can create value over the long term. So thank you for your interest and your investment in the company and for joining us this morning.
