Muhtar Kent: Thanks, Bill. Good morning. First, let me say again that I am pleased to report that our growth momentum is improving in line with our expectations. And in the midst of still continued volatility headwinds, achieving sequentially stronger 2% volume growth, that means delivering an incremental 100 million unit cases in the past 90 days or so, that means incrementally every single day, an additional 27 million actual servings for each day. As the base grows, we are still very proud that we can continue to drive growth. And this is a quarter that’s where Easter has shifted, where we’re cycling 4% from prior year, whereas as I said, macro volatility continued and where we had the harshest winter in the northern hemisphere, particularly in the U.S. We don’t think this is a great result but satisfying as one step in the right direction to restore momentum. Germany, U.S. was flat in the past quarter. We think given what we went through and what economies and consumer and climate. Turkey was up 2%, Japan was up 3%, France was up 4%, Brazil was up 4%, India and Russia was up 6%, China was up 12%. These show and give us the proof points that our actions are working. And I think this is the quarter again, where only a small fraction of our incremental marketing was deployed. I would say probably around -- so 5% of our total incremental marketing for the year was deployed in this first -- in this quarter. As we ramp up the quality and also quantity of our marketing, I believe that certainly we are going to drive better alignment. We have really good plans in place fully aligned with our bottling partners and I would be disappointed as would be all my colleagues and associates if we don’t go back into the corridor of our long-term growth algorithm for volume growth. But also importantly, we are driving not just volume growth but we are driving immediate consumption growth, which is really important for our business. When you look at say in this past quarter, our top five countries growing, as China up 18% in IC growth, Indonesia up 9% in IC growth, Vietnam up 8%, Brazil up 5%. These are really important numbers because it’s sustainable growth, it’s profitable growth and it’s growth in transactions, which is directly married to the health of the brands and health of our portfolio. So from that perspective again, I want to just register a cautious optimism that I feel we would be disappointed if we do not fall back into the corridor of our long-term growth algorithm for the remainder of the year in terms of the volume growth picture and also the other key metrics that follow on from there.
Muhtar Kent: Bryan, good morning. Last question first, on Brazil. I think Brazil was out the gate first in terms of the FIFA World Cup activation, a lot of noise around that, lot of activation in stores. And I think that certainly we also see a little less malaise in terms of the macro environment. And again, in terms of also the relationship between durables and non-durable consumer goods was a little bit more in favor for us. So we feel that’s going to continue and that Brazil will have a better year and I think the government is also aware of what they need to do, as they lead into one of the biggest events in their history, which is hosting a memorable event like the World Cup. As far as Mexico is concerned, I think sparkling volume for us was sort of in the mid-single digits decline for the first quarter. The important thing here is that because of the strength of our brands, because of also the incredible richness of our package portfolio and our occasion, brand, price, pack, channel architecture, the strength of that in Mexico, we are seeing that we are gaining market share versus both local competitors and our international competitor in Mexico as well. And again, we could start -- till early days related to Mexico but I would say that we are again executing with great precision and passion in Mexico with our great bottling partners. And then in terms of price-mix, including that favorable geographic mix, other points came as a result of high inflation in local markets. And again, I’ll ask Gary to comment related to the Venezuela piece.
Muhtar Kent: Yes. I would say the mood is positive in terms of their willingness to invest, their appetite for new territories. I’ve always -- you’ve heard me say this before in terms of litmus test for the health of the business. There is a lot of appetite for growing horizontally in territory and trying to get expand. And I think in terms of the quality of our marketing, in terms of the quantity of our marketing, I feel that based on all the bottlers that I have questioned in this past quarter, I feel good, I feel positive about the sentiment both here in the United States, as we start our path to franchising and as we look at how we expand and how we hasten the pace of franchising but also across the world. I’ve recently been with many bottling leaders and talked to many of them. We have a global system meeting next month also where about 50 of the top bottlers get together with their CEOs and Chairman. And we are there to further align our plans for 2015 and beyond but I feel good related to the plans in place, related to everyone’s desire to execute better and to invest more into the future. And again, based on the investments that have gone into the marketplace in the third and fourth quarter of last year, I feel -- that’s why I feel confident that you are going to see us back into the corridor of the 3% to 4% long-term growth algorithm for the balance of the year, as we keep restoring momentum. So that’s what I would say. Do we have some pockets of challenges? You mentioned them Coca-Cola Amatil. I feel again very cautiously optimistic as Alison Watkins assumes a new role there and we are working very closely with her and her team. And again, we are very much aligned to how we move forward with SABMiller and their management team related to their non-alcoholic beverage business.
Muhtar Kent: Yeah. Judy, this is Muhtar. Let me just frame again. Just a couple of important takeaways for Britain’s rational pricing. It was really the theme for us in Q1 and the strength of our marketing program, the strength of our commercial program leaves us to believe that we will see improvement as we go into Q2 and Q3 and Q4 in Britain. That will take a while I would say. Again, the same phrase and motto for our U.S. business, rational pricing that’s the takeaway and we had 2% to 3% price mix in our sparkling portfolio in the U.S. and you’ll see that continuing. And I will ask Sandy to -- and Irial to reflect on our further details on that.
Muhtar Kent: Yeah. Michael that’s Muhtar. I’ll say just a couple of top line and then ask again, Ahmet to contribute. But yeah, I’ll repeat what I said about IC, particularly, pleasing was China, IC was up 18%, Indonesia IC was up 9%, Vietnam up 8%. These are really important for us as we drive profitable growth in our business. And again, our newly architected packaging, our portfolio in China is really working with the smaller packs and the new price points. And I think also the new team certainly is really delivering what we expect of them as well as our bottlers with renewed focus. Both our bottling investments group but also Swire as well as Copco really doing a good job in the first quarter. And I think lot of really good investments and activity and commercial leadership is in place to continue to drive that momentum both in the stills as well as in the sparkling portfolio in China. And so again Ahmet, if you want to just highlight…
Muhtar Kent: And just one other point I’d highlight Michael is Japan is very pleasing that it grew 3% in sparkling and stills grew 4% in Japan in the quarter. And again, despite the longest monsoon that I have ever experienced in terms of season and how long it took, India grew 6% and should do much better going forward. And so again, I’m certainly very proud that this is the 31st consecutive quarter of growth in India for us and including continued share gain.
Muhtar Kent: Yeah. And again that’s -- Michael that’s a very important market for us and we have been focused on aligning with our bottling partner, Amatil there on a new plant or let’s say, an evolved plant as was the case in China. It was the revised OBPPC investments in sparkling and still beverages. There’s been a recent change in management on the ground. And all of that again, we’re cautiously optimistic about the progress we’re making in Indonesia, are beginning to deliver good results. Certainly, that market has so much more opportunity to grow in the coming years.
Muhtar Kent: Yeah, no changes as far as my perspective is concerned. I can confirm that both, our entire team and as well as our bottling partners feel the same way as the system. We are blessed to be in a great business, both in the sparkling area as well as in the stills. We continue to innovate. I believe that we have a great future where so many -- hundreds of millions of people in so many large markets haven’t tasted a Coca-Cola in the last month or in the last six months or in the last year. We have tremendous opportunity going forward and I believe that through innovation, packaging, equipment and great marketing, we will continue to grow our business going forward both in sparkling and in stills. And I feel confident that we will go back into the corridors of our long-term growth algorithm this year and years to follow. And with new innovations like creating new paths to consumptions, creating new consumption occasions like the Keurig Green Mountain innovation, like Freestyle that is driving, we know everywhere, every time it’s actually installed in an outlet it drives traffic, it drives incidents, it drives increased sales and it drives excitement for the consumer. And at the same time, our contour packages, you will see us being focused much more on the contour. Next year is the 100th anniversary of the contour bottle, the iconic contour bottle. You’ll see a lot of activity around that also. But we feel, we have a lot of work to do, so we feel that isn’t that a great place where you have a lot of work to do and you believe in your future.
Muhtar Kent: I think they will. I’m certain innovation is going to be impactful and I can’t give you any more details on the timing.
Muhtar Kent: Yeah. Sure. So, just thank you again, Gary, Kathy, Ahmet, Sandy, Irial, Jackson. We’re just once again, firmly committed to advancing our growth trajectory in 2014. Our strategic priorities are yielding tangible and measurable results and they are consistent with our long-term goals and our overarching business strategy. Increased marketing investments and a focus, a relentless focus on execution underscore the confidence we have in our systems alignment as we seek to execute these strategies, while we further strengthen the foundation for profitable and sustainable long-term growth. Our 2020 Vision calls for a well balanced growth, that is growth in sparkling beverages and also growth in still beverages across more than 200 markets countries and in revenues and margins. And thanks to this balanced growth in both portfolio as well as geographic mix, we see a path that leads to global volume, revenue and profit growth in line with our long-term target. Our focus is unwavering and our execution of our five strategic priorities is going to enable us to restore momentum to growth to our business. Thank you for your time this morning and for your continued interest and trust in our company.
Gary Fayard: Bryan, Venezuela definitely contributed positively in the quarter to positive price-mix. Now with going forward, that will no longer really be the case because we have adjusted the -- as of the end of the quarter, we have adjusted the exchange rate that will be using the 10.8 exchange rate going forward for most of our revenues, a large part of the revenues in Venezuela. So that will come down but that impact is included in the latest currency forecast that I gave you. So again, some of the other currencies actually have improved from what we talked about in the February call that offset now by Venezuela. So still at the same 7% impact.
Gary Fayard: Yes, there’s definitely positive price-mix going in there. And I think the other thing to point out and Muhtar said it, I said it, but I think it’s really important as you look at this quarter how we drove value share ahead of volume share. So we are definitely focused on rational pricing across the world and getting our earning price.
Gary Fayard: I’ll try John and we’ll see how this goes. But basically there, let’s go to marketing first and let’s talk about it in two different ways. One is, how much of the marketing is actually in the market and that’s what Muhtar was referring to, how much of the marketing is actually hitting the consumer and a lot of our incremental spend actually has not hit the consumer yet, it’s much more weighted starting in the second quarter on through Q4. A lot of the first quarter really focused on getting the quality of our marketing up and that’s what we think. That is different from the way we account for marketing and marketing as you reference is on the sales curve. So on the sales curve, that incremental marketing is included in what we expensed in the first quarter. Now, then, we get into the marketing that we are cycling quarter by quarter from last year. And so, it was an increase in marketing in the first quarter, the increase will significantly grow during the year based on what we are cycling. That is part of what I said, that 4 points of operating leverage will go to even the slightly positive and we are also benefiting from some other timing in the first quarter in just some of the OpEx expenses as well.
John Faucher - JPMC: Thank you very much. And Gary, it’s been great over the last 14 years, so best of luck as you move forward and Kathy looking forward to working with you as well.
John Faucher - JPMC: Gary, I had to finish off with sort of one accounting question here, so you guys drove tremendous SG&A leverage in the quarter and you talked a little bit about sort of how you haven’t put a whole lot of marketing spend to work yet. So, can you walk us through may be how we should think about the sales curve over the next couple of quarters and what we should look for on the SG&A line, as we look to model out the balance of the year? Thanks.
John Faucher - JPMC: Okay. And then Muhtar, if I could ask you a follow-up question on, you talked about the strength of the bottling systems and obviously the equity income line is getting hit by FX but we have seen some comments from Amatil in terms of what’s going on there and then also SAB talked about cutting some positions in their soft drink business. Can you just talk a little bit about the mood of the bottlers and what they’re seeing now and how we should look at some of the headwinds they’re facing in the shorter term and how that may be will differ with what happens in the longer term there? Thank you.
