JamesQuincey: Sure. Thanks Dara. So firstly, the first quarter was strong. Absolutely, we gained momentum and we achieved that good momentum in the first quarter, which is really the fruition of the emerging stronger plan we set out a year ago, saying we wanted to get back to 2019 levels well ahead of the economy by gaining more share, more customers, better system economics. And I think that's what you're starting to see happen in the first quarter. And obviously, we've been driving that by focusing on the brands and on the innovation. And the bottlers have been executing in the marketplace, and it's certainly heartening to see us get back to 2019 volume levels in March. And we did all of that whilst doing -- finishing the implementation of the reorganization, sothe employees on the company side were able to both deliver the results and stand up the new organization with the operating units and platform services and really hit the ground running. So, I think it is actually a super creditable performance in the first quarter. Secondly, the downhill and the question about guidance. I mean, ultimately, it's early and it's not early, just in a normal sense, it’s early in the context of the pandemic. Also, breaking the news today is that weekly new cases of COVID have hit an all-time peak.  So while vaccinations are rising in many countries, US, UK, et cetera, the flipside is there's actually a new high in terms of cases, obviously a number of developing markets but also Europe as well continental Europe as well. So, the visibility into the downhill is very much linked to the trajectory of the pandemic, and as it relates to our business, the trajectory of the lockdowns, very clearly as we've talked on previous quarters, lockdowns because we have half our business in away from home are impacted directly by the degree of lockdown, and though there are still lockdowns coming on, a number in Europe, some of the developing markets, conversely as markets start to open, it's worth remembering. It's not an on/off switch. There’s a phasing of how markets tend to reopen. And that's true to the US, so for example in the US, the fountain volumes were still negative in March because whilst people are going out to restaurants and there's more mobility, it's not back to what it was. The occupancy levels of offices are nowhere near a 100%, and so reopening is not an on/off switch.  There's a rebuilding and there's a series of phases of reopening. And so, that's a very important factor and it's somewhat unpredictable with the downhill. So it's too early to call not in a business sense, but in a lockdown and reopening sense. And the reality is that there are more cases now than they were a while ago. So, we still feel very confident in our guidance on the top and the bottom line, but there's a lot of managing left to do and we’re certainly focused on giving ourselves the flexibility and agility to be able to do that. And which leads me to my third point, which I think is worth making. Unlike normal times, one should not automatically assume that more revenue is always going to flow straight down to the bottom line. Much as we did in 2020, we are going to be very judicious and focused on investing where we believe reopening and demand is coming back and not investing, if we don't think the response in the marketplace is there. So you're going to see as we go through 2021, we will be looking at both levers. If we see that demand is coming in at the kind of the higher end, there's more reopenings happen more quickly for whatever reason, and revenue start to accelerate, we’re also likely to reaccelerate the restitution of the marketing spend. Conversely, if for whatever reason revenue starts to look a little weaker, then we are likely to hold back on some of the marketing. So, I think it's important as you think about the rest of the year that you don't think of it as normal times one has to think about how we are using the resources judiciously and wanting to invest to drive growth and get back to normal. 
JamesQuincey: Sure, Nik, a few examples. One, I think John's already mentioned, the cash flow, we struggle for many years to get up into best-in-class cash conversion, or working capital. And the work that has been done by the finance network has produced a great result. And that's clearly flowing through not just in terms of the kind of theoretical, amount of days working capital, but the actual cash coming into the company in the first quarter, which was a really strong result, and then something that we have struggled to do in the past. Another example with -- we have been rolling out a global campaign on Sprite, which has got excellent early traction, in terms of consumer engagement, in terms of purchase intent. And that was developed by the category leads and the key operating units, and has been rolled out across the world, something that we were unable to do or unable to convince ourselves to do historically. And so we believe that is making some cut through. The supply chain optimization working with the bottlers and really focusing on reducing the unit cost of what we do and looking at across all the metrics, and increasing data transparency is happening. And then you go to some of the platform services, where we're really starting to be able to implement, especially in those areas, where one single global solution makes total sense. We've had examples from, buying trade materials, through global platforms driving significant savings for ourselves and the system. And then hopefully, later this month, we'll turn on our latest SAP update, which will go from the one that was done 20 years ago, which was probably one of the world's most complicated and therefore most expensive to a much more effective solution. So I think across the company, from the front end of marketing, and engaging with consumers, through our operations through to the bottlers we're able to make the contact points and get faster, better solutions.
JamesQuincey: Yes. Thanks, Laura, look, clearly, the reinvestment of marketing is going to vary somewhat by region in 2021 for the reasons I outlined in that answer to the first question. So I think it's important as you think about margins to recognize that 2021 is also going to be a somewhat a typical year, there will be markets around the world where we judge the situation such that we don't have a normal level of marketing. And so that does tend to favor margins, operating margins at that point in time. And so it is important to break it apart and look at it by the different regions. We certainly are not coming out with some numerical margin target for many of the same reasons that we remove the previous target. And we are focused ultimately on growing the business. And embedded in our long-term growth model is an implicit assumption that we can slowly or steadily perhaps better said, improve margins over time, because there is a lot of efficiency work going on within the cost of goods sold, within the DME, particularly the non working part of the DME, we've got a lot of focus on the agency roster and how we spend the money we spend before we even gets to see the consumer. And obviously, we've done the network organization, which was about making us better able to support the growth aspirations, but it is also more efficient organization. And so all those things will go into the mix. And it would be remiss of me to not include the impact of RGM. Because to the extent that we can leverage RGM, that also helps on a gross margin, and ultimately operating income margins. So we will be pulling all those levers as we go through 2021. But again, it won't be a fully normal year in every region. And so you will see some of these strange effects.
JamesQuincey: I mean, the digital transformation is much above and beyond coping with inflation, although, of course, some of the tools will help us manage if there's an inflationary spike. Clearly, you can look at the digital transformation in terms of our engagement with consumers. And there are some, good examples of progress, China, which is started the year very strongly not just compared to 2020 but compared to 2019. It's been a much bigger shift into digital engagement with consumers or even in Japan with our own Coke On apps that we use to connect people to the vending machines and the cashless options and a large uptick in monthly active consumers. So there is a great deal of progress being made in terms of how we engage through digital media, how we engage directly with consumers in a digital relationship that's helping there, the system I used, I talked about the example of buying materials with digital platforms. But clearly there's a huge piece of what needs to happen, which is the backbone of both the company and the bottlers and the interoperability of all the data, where we're making excellent progress. And ultimately all those insights and all those efficiencies help us manage the inflationary pressures out there whether we use the insights to engage more consumers or use the insight to drive the RGM thinking, an implementation or to identify efficiencies, I mean, in a way digital is becoming just the way business is done. And it's just like saying, I turn up and have to manage the business and use all these tools to do all the things I got to do.
JamesQuincey: So the progress when you stand back and look at the numbers in aggregate, clearly, April was the deepest hole that we fell into in 2020. And then as we adapted the business, and really drove what we were doing, then, we sequentially got better. So kind of we fell into the hole, I think it was like minus 25 or something in April last year, and then it was negative teens, and then negative single digits, slowly improving through the rest of 2020 and then coming into 2021. Obviously, we then cycling the bad year, but if we compared to 2019, it got better as we went from January in February, which was still below the '19 levels. And obviously March was above, I mean, April has started well. It's obviously they are going to be the weirdest month because recycling something very low. I think most importantly, I would refer you back to the comment I made the second thing I said relative in the first answer, which is just because March has gone back to the level and just because April has started well, one week, there's no guarantee that that is then some kind of trend that is in the bank.  The principal uncertainty remains the risk of additional lockdowns. Much as 2020's numbers were heavily impacted by the degree of lockdown that will remain true this year. So whilst we've got back above the line of flotation in March, there's no guarantee there won't be some extra degree of lockdowns in May or September or December that then, puts pressure back on the business. So, I don't think I know I keep hitting this point, we had a superstar to the year, and the momentum is building. But this very unusual factor of the pandemic and the lockdowns continues to be an uncertainty factor that one can't draw a straight line through the historic data. Now, once you get under the surface of the overall global numbers, which kind of look like the kind of the tick mark if you like going down and then kind of steadily improving. Clearly, you get much more variability at a country level. Again, heavily influenced by the degree of lockdown. So in a sense, April last year was the worst because you had the most number of countries, most, the highest degree of synchronization of lockdowns globally and I think this idea of saying the recovery will be asynchronous, is we already see that in the first half, you've got countries where the vaccine levels are going up. And the reopening is occurring, US, UK, China for examples. And yet you've got countries going in exactly the opposite direction with cases shooting up, and more levels of lockdown. And that's what we're trying to highlight with this asynchronous. It may be that as a total company, it all looks smoothed out somewhat. But this asynchronous feature will be very important in 2021.
JamesQuincey: Sure, thanks Bonnie. It means certainly, it's always been our intention to reduce our ownership in CCBA in line with our strategy, as John puts it, to become the world's smallest coke bottler. And so we were always contemplating how we would re-franchise CCBA. I mean, the CCBA, Coca-Cola Beverages Africa is a strong, well structured, capable bottler, and we have always considered as one of the options whether to have it be a free standing entity in Africa. And we have reached in inclusion that if one thinks about the future potential of the African market and the African continent, and how much long growth there is there. I mean, it is the youngest billion people are in Africa, we think it would -- we've ultimately contemplated it would be right for the development of the business in Africa to have an African headquartered African bottler that is operating on the continent. And so the read through is we believe in the future of Africa, as a continent as an economy, we think we've got a great, capable bottler that can help lead our ability to grow there. And then an IPO will allow us to set that up to be a source of growth for many years to come.
JamesQuincey: Well, certainly that we're always happy to see other companies invest into the beverage industry, because that tends to create more consumer engagement. And obviously, we pay attention to what they're doing, because hopefully we can learn from them. There are a lot of very capable competitors out there. So we like to learn from them. But in the end, we focus on what we can do. And in the US in particular, channel mix aside, we gain share, we gain share going forward in beverages in the US business. And we feel confident that as the channel trends and the reopening bring back the away from home businesses, which of course they started to do in March, then we will be able to capitalize on those trends, as well. And as it relates to promotional activity, I mean, ultimately, we are seeing a kind of rational pricing and promotional environment in the US. And we'll certainly be looking to build on that with our RGM capabilities and with the bottling system to really drive and leverage the investments we're collectively making as a system in the marketing and the execution to drive the business forward.
JamesQuincey: Thanks Robert. So in the markets where it's been in longer say, Latin America, and Europe, about 40 markets between them. A couple of things we're seeing, obviously, the degree of resonances is depending on the degree of category development that might already exist or not exist in some of those markets. And so we've seen different levels of engagement depending on whether the categories there or not. Secondly, I mean, we're clearly in the mode of learning how to compete in this category, both from a branding point of view and from an execution point of view. But we're definitely starting to see improving trends and good repeats in the context of the different markets where it's been launched, whether that be Latin America, or in Europe, we're still building out distribution in Mexico, for example. But we've done a good start in Europe a little easier, as I said, because the categories a bit more developed in the West versus the East. And so our focus is maximizing the amount of learning that we're doing and as it relates to the US, whilst our overall share is three and I would double underline that, Topo Chico, as a brand is well known in the US, and therefore, driving or creating trial on a well known brand with an innovation is actually relatively straightforward. The key is to repeat. And we have not yet got to the point of having good repeat data in the US having opened big caveat umbrella, I would comment that, Topo Chico Hard Seltzer might have 3% overall in the US, but actually in Texas, where we've kind of concentrated some of the launch. It's almost hit a 20 share in the first two weeks of launch. So we are encouraged by the early results, but it's all going to come down to repeat and nothing's worth anything without repeat.
JamesQuincey: Sure. Yes, clearly good results in China. We're definitely I mean, obviously, we're laughing, and we're beginning to laugh to the kind of the worst part of 2020. But ahead of 2019, we've lengthened to the reopening and the reenergizing of China with the consumer marketing with a big push into digital engagement with the consumer with a big push into e-commerce. And we are benefiting from that. It is worth noting that in terms of the channels, almost what we see, and this is true, when you look at not just China, but if you start looking at Australia or even the US you see kind of phases or waves of the reopening. And so as the reopening occurs actually get a lot of people going out to restaurants and the kind of the full service eating away. And that goes up, bearing in mind that the universe of mom and pop stores and the universe of small restaurants has shrunk people that the number of people running those sorts of businesses has shrunk.  And I think we're gonna see that all across the world. So there is a consolidation factors. And as the reopening occurs, you see a lot of going out in the evenings. So all the channels related to that come back first. The second kind of wave of improvements in channels is loosely in the bucket of office and commuting. Because as reopening happens, people go out, yet the offices aren't back at 100% capacity. So you've not got that ecosystem of commuting and lunchtime in the big city centers at full. And that's the kind of the second business coming back in China. And actually, you don't see that back yet in the US in March, you see the restaurants kind of bouncing back. But you don't see the kind of the ecosystem of commuting and offices having bounced back anywhere near the same degree. And then there's a third phase, which hasn't really happened yet. Which is kind of the large gatherings kind of phase of channels, whether that be cinemas, concerts, sporting events, et cetera, et cetera? And that's only very partial coming back. So I think, think of this kind of a set of waves of reopening as the economy normalizes. And we thought about that. And we're kind of investing both in the consumer and the bottlers are doing a great job of investing for the customers and retailers. And we're seeing a very nice result.
JamesQuincey: So for APAC, just specifically on your question, yes. APAC has run ahead, mainly due to the extra days in the quarter. And we also had a timing impact with regard to Chinese New Year in China, obviously. And so but for the quarter overall you saw gallons running ahead, mainly due to the extra days in the quarter.
JamesQuincey: Sure. So, I think, as you say, clearly, the vaccination rates in the developed markets are going to be ahead of the developing markets for the duration of this year. The critical factor to add to that is the market response to the level of cases or the low vaccination rates in the developing markets, because the thing that impacts our business most directly is the degree of lockdown. And so it's the response to the level of cases of the COVID and the resulting lockdowns, rather than necessarily directly the level of vaccination, because there are countries where the level of vaccination is low, because they had a strong lockdown, and then kind of lock the country up, say, Australia, whatever, then they've started to reopen. So the key factor to look for is the degree of lockdown and think through for that market, what's likely to happen, connected, of course, to the level of vaccinations, but also to the level of cases and what the policy response in the country is likely to be. And there'll be countries where I think, frankly, and unfortunately, they don't have the wherewithal and the fiscal capacity to implement large lockdowns, even if they not got all the vaccines that they want. And the markets remain open. And of course, we will look for ways to adapt the business to support the people, support the retailers and continue to engage with consumers as that goes on.
JamesQuincey: What I think the phases are going to exist, Bill, there are just going to happen very quickly in the US. So if I look at what's already happening I put eating and drinking in the evening in kind of phase one. I mean, those that bit of the away from home was trending negative, in volume strongly negative in volume in January and February. And as the reopening happened, it jumps up in March. And as you say, as school, as education and at work opens, both of which are still running negative in March, I think they're going to jump up again. So what I think we're going to see, as the US completes its kind of rapid vaccination is a quick succession of the phases rather than a drawn out set of the phases. Other parts of the world where the vaccination programs are slower, then I think you'll see a more gradual phasing of what happens. 
JohnMurphy: Thank you, Bryan. Good morning. Good topic. And one that with our bottling partners around the world, we're looking as a very holistic manner, managing inflation is not new to the system. And it's one it's an area that needs to be looked us locally and working closely in partnership with our bottlers. As you're saying the inflationary pressures, particularly surrounding some of our key commodities, looks like it is going to be more of a headwind in '22, '21 we are, as we said, in the release pretty well covered and in good shape. And so when you think about the actions we take, first and foremost, I think it is important to highlight that as an over arching principle around the world, we typically look to take pricing in line with inflation. And I would expect that principle will continue to be adhere to as we move into the back half of '21, and even then into '22. Secondly, while, I know you mentioned beyond RGM, I do think it's important to reinforce the value that RGM brings to being able to execute a pricing strategy in the most relevant and meaningful fashion locally. And so that will continue to be a key priority. Thirdly, on the things that we can do on the productivity area, I would point to our supply chain particularly with our bottling partners in the last 6 to 12 months coming through the pandemic and indeed coming out of us that the level of engagement we've had with our -- within the system unlocking value in the supply chain through greater efficiencies, has been phenomenal. And I would expect that momentum to continue into the rest of this year and into 2022. We have had over the last number of years, the benefits of leveraging our cross enterprise procurement group, a group of people that work on behalf of the entire system around the world that are able to leverage the global scale of the system. And I think arrive us some of the most competitive pricing that we can get that anybody can get when it comes to key inputs. So when you take a sort of an overarching holistic view of us, we've got a, I think, a tried- and-true practice of being able to take pricing enlightenment and inflation leverage RGM to do it in the most intelligent fashion, and increasingly operate as a global system to leverage our scale, taking into account some of the sort of the historic groups we have like cross enterprise procurement, but also new opportunities abounding as a result of the overall strategy we've been pursuing during and after the pandemic.
JohnMurphy: Maybe I just add one comment there, James. If you think about the emerging stronger program that we've outlined over the last six to nine months, it would not have been possible to do three years ago, and the degree to which we have been able to operate in a fast and efficient manner across the globe to deliver this program is all due to the fact that we have essentially become digitized in how we work and how we operate, just to support what James about your last comment there.
JohnMurphy: Yes. I'll take it. Maybe start with the tax question. Andrea thank you for the questions. But let's start with the tax question. In terms of to say on timing, it's -- we do not have a picture at the moment. We are dependent on the outcome of another case. Before any further developments take place with our own case. And we have no visibility into that outcome. So we'll keep you apprised as we know more. On the storms in the US, not a material impact to our business. And with regard to volumes in Q2, we're still early in the quarter and not lot to, we, not a lot to say at the moment. I think the key highlights really as we look at the downhill is the fact that March was significantly improved in a number of markets where mobility is improving and will continue I think to see a close relationship between mobility and our performance.
