Muhtar Kent: Thank you Tim and good morning everyone. Today, I’ll cover a few key highlights before handing off to James to provide a more detailed operational review of our performance. We’re committed to transform our Company to a brand-centric organization, leading a great franchise system. This journey began back in late 2014 when we got behind a set of strategic actions design to invigorate growth and increase profitability. Since then, we’ve been advancing on our path to deliver greater long-term sustainable value to our shareowners, associates, partners and stakeholders. We simplified our organizational structure for speed and flexibility. We’re driving aggressive productivity. We're redeploying more and better marketing. We're driving revenues through segmented growth strategies, and embarking also on the biggest refranchising in bottler restructuring in our history. 2016 was a critical year as we continue to make strong progress in transforming our Company while keeping focus on our consumers. We continued to gain momentum in building revenue growth through segmented market roles and disciplined brand investments. Since launching our incremental media investment plan in early 2014, our core business has accelerated top-line performance even with slowing macroeconomic growth. We strengthened our brands and portfolios through better and more marketing innovation and targeted acquisitions. We brought to market more than 500 new products, nearly 400 of which were tea, juices, coffees, waters or other still beverages. We generated over $600 million in productivity for a three-year total of over $1.7 billion, taking a balanced approach in investing in our brands, while leveraging our P&L in 2016. Finally, we continued to strengthen our bottling system. The world's largely independent Coca-Cola bottler based on revenue, Coca-Cola European partners began operations in a market that represents one of our most valuable profit centers. We signed definitive agreements to sell our bottling businesses in China, and we expect to close these transactions during the first half of 2017. Our two largest bottlers in Japan and Greek emerged, which will create a single bottler covering roughly 85% of our system's volume in Japan that’s a very important profit tool again. We successfully helped to create Cola-Cola Beverages Africa, and we're now working to transition ownership to ABI to a strong partner of our choice. Finally, we've made substantial progress refranchising our North America bottling operations. At the same time, the North America business has flourished throughout this process, delivering top-tier FMCG performance with mid-single digit organic revenue growth in each of the past two years. Taking together, half of our system revenue has been in motion through these actions. We accomplished a lot and built a very strong and purposeful foundation for the future. Now, it's time to write the next chapter in our growth story with the appointment of James Quincey as our next CEO. I have every confidence in James and our management team. And throughout his career, James has shown insightful leadership in addressing the changing consumer environment by expanding product offerings, and most recently, driving systematic portfolio reformulation through reduced added sugar with hundreds of initiatives in progress. He's absolutely the right leader at the right time. James is well prepared to deliver the next level value creation. He knows that in order to deliver robust and sustainable value creation for shareowners will also need to create value for all of our stakeholders. I'm excited about what's ahead for our Company and for our system, and James will have my full and vigorous support as I continue to serve as Chairman of the Board. Now, I’ll hand over the call to James who will take you through our operating performance in 2016, as well as provide thoughts on our performance this coming year.
Muhtar Kent: Couple of thoughts there, I mean, over the long-term we said we’re looking for a balance between price and volume, well price mix and volume. And that’s certainly our long-term objective. Now, given what’s happening, I think it's almost as we said it's easier to divide the world into the developed and the emerging market. In the developed countries, we’re looking to drive probably a little more price than volume, and you can see that happening in the U.S. marketplace as we focus on smaller packages, as we focus on higher value categories or sub categories. So you see that across North America, Western Europe is a little more balanced, and similarly into Japan. So, that’s our approach for the developed market. In the emerging markets, obviously over the long-term, we expect them to be a bigger source of underlying volume growth, and that will bring the total Company equation into balance. So they would be more volume driven and less price-driven. Now, what’s happening is in some of the markets, say for example Brazil where the micros are really under pressure, I mean, GDP over the last three years in Brazil has probably declined by more than it did in the great recession over the last decade of the 80s. So, there what we focus on is in any moment that we will do those promotional things that make sense and return. So, we don’t over-protect volume, we do what make sense on a quarterly or a monthly basis. And the principle access we act on is trying to reform the packaging strategy to make it more affordable. Whether that’d be small or one-way packaging or more returnable packages backed up by good marketing that really emphasizes with the economic situation, the consumers that are in and obviously great execution by the bottling system. So net-net, likely overtime, developed markets will push, will get more price mix and slightly less volume. And in emerging markets, more volume and slightly price mix with that caveat that those markets that struggled, we have a game plan that we’ve developed over the years and that we find helps us really build a good strong consumer franchise going forward and balances the short-term.
Muhtar Kent: Sure. Well, I think you saw lots of flow-through actually in the fourth quarter. Operating income currency neutral structure was up 18% after gross profit of 8, so there was 10 points of leverage. So, we got a lot of leverage coming through. The reason I didn't translate from operating income to PBT is more about other factors, like interest or other corporate items. So, the underlying operation, actually when I talk about PBT growing at 8% in '16 and what we've guided in '17, actually the underlying operating income performance is actually even better than that. And then we've got a bit of a headwind in interest in some of those other items. So, there’s actually a lot of leverage coming through from the operation as we focus on segmented revenue, as we focus on higher value category, as we focus on smaller packages, we're getting a lot of operating leverage between that revenue line and the operating income line. Some of it's getting that is often a headwind. So it is there, in the fourth quarter. Just to make the point, 6% is not projectable going forward. You will see in the numbers, for example, we were recycling a big negative in Asia Pacific from last year, so we've got big positive this year. We have some very good results and improvements where we own bottling operations, like China, which was very much richer in the first half. So there is some oddities in the fourth quarter. I would encourage everyone to look at maybe the full year '16, look through to the core operation where we were growing 4%, 8% PBT, bear in mind the interest headwinds at the higher operating income growth, lots of leverage. This is the game plan for 2017.
Muhtar Kent: I’ll start, may be and then Kathy, if you feel like jumping in it, let me know. The 2017, 3%, I think we see a similar year in 2017 in terms of micros that we did in '16. And I think we’re making a prudent call that given everything that’s going on in the world, on a consolidated basis, we’re expecting a similar outlook and a similar number for the total Company. Obviously, as Kathy said, we’d like to see the core business grow above that as we did in 2016, where the consolidated was 3% and the core was 4%, which is the bottom end of our range and then that obviously lots of operating leverage. So, that’s how we’re seeing, and we just see the way the world is going. In terms of 2018, obviously, we’re not providing guidance on 2018. We’re just providing some of the elements that we know are important from a modeling perspective. So, obviously, 2018 conversation will have to wait. But we wanted people to understand the structural pace, because obviously the timing of when we sell those transactions makes a big difference. And so as timing varies, the structural adjustment can move backwards and forwards between 2018. So we just wanted to give people a total perspective. I don’t know Kathy about number three. I am not sure we have the thing in front of us, Ali.
Muhtar Kent: So, firstly, the aggregate amount of marketing spend is slightly below gross profit, you are correct. Now, what is super important to know within that is we will continue to increase what we would call working spend of the marketing ahead of revenue, but we are driving material productivity in the way we organize and produce the marketing to become much more efficient. So, we are able to grow media, if you like, in all its different forms ahead of revenue. But with the extra productivity initiatives, we are actually growing total spend less than revenue, that's how that dynamic is working. So, we'll be out to do much more in the marketplace in a more efficient way. And then secondly on Coke Zero Sugar, absolutely you should expect this to move around the world things that are successful, and that had a great start in GB in the backend of 2016 was growing double-digits, very good start. We're rolling out in Europe. It just launched in Australia. So, you can absolutely expect this to push it into those markets where we think it can be really effective, including Latin America soon, so absolutely. And I think that is part of why you're now seeing the continued acceleration of Coke Zero Sugar each year. We grew several points faster in volume in '15 than '14, and we grew several points faster in '16 than with the rate we were growing in '15. And as I said, aggregate no calorie colas, is in good mid-single digits growth as we exited the year.
Muhtar Kent: Thanks James, Kathy and Tim. Last year, we made significant progress as we accelerated the transformation of our Company into a higher margin business, while keeping focus on consumers. With the strong foundation set now is a time for a seamless leadership transition. And I have every confidence that James is the best person to take us through the next phase of our sustainable growth. There is no question that this phase will look different than the past driven by a broad consumer-centric portfolio across all categories, while enabling consumers to control their intakes of added sugar. And this is going to require a change to some of our strategies, many of which have already begun and now need further scale in regions all around the world. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our Company and for joining us this morning.
James Quincey: Sure. Of course, I'll say some things for CAGNY. So, let me start with, the sparkling business is growing revenue, it grew revenue in 2015, it grew revenue in 2016. Momentum is rebuilding. If you look at the U.S., sparkling was up 1% in the fourth quarter in the U.S., in aggregate, in volume and obviously much more in revenue. So, there is -- the sparkling category is growing revenue. Let me, another piece on to that just take a couple of examples. In this quarter and last quarter as well, total -- if you take the combination of Diet Coke, Coke Light and Coke Zero, they came into robust growth in the back of the year, the growth of those altogether, so no calorie colas, exceeds the growth of the sparkling actually exceeds the growth of that total portfolio and most of our other categories. So, there is robust growth as we press into zero sugar colas, we're getting the growth. And in North America and some of the other places where we're pushing smaller packages, we're getting the good growth. Smaller packs in the U.S. grew almost 10% in the fourth quarter. So the game plan out there of smaller packages, zero sugar, re-engagement with the sparkling category, is driving the revenue growth and we believe it will continue to do so. And the shape and the quality of that, in terms of the suitability, is looking better overtime. Obviously, tough on M&A won't be sparkling related. We have consistently done a few things this year. Hopefully, we’ll do a few in '17. We’ll do those that make strategic sense, financial sense, and where we find willing partners.
James Quincey: Sure. I mean, clearly, there’s disconnect. I mean the Nielsen University is a much smaller piece of our total business. Obviously, when you look at the aggregate of North America, fountain is very important to us, it's almost a third of the volume in North America. And that’s not going through Nielsen. And obviously, there is a lot of warehouse business there where we sell some of the still categories directly. But we have not deviated from our strategy. We talked on previous quarters that sometime the pricing will be at least the risk that the apparent pricing in Nielsen will look little softer or a little better. The important message is we have not changed our strategy. We continue to focus on realizing pricing intelligently and through packaging and pricing in the sparking category, and focusing on those, the other categories that we believe have value in terms of revenue and profitability. And so, every now and again you will see this disconnect between Nielsen and our total results. But no, that our strategy has not changed, and we plan to continue to pursue it into 2017. And then in terms of the other categories, absolutely, we continue to innovate and invest there. I think the underlying trend is even better than what it jumps out in the volume, bearing in mind the strategy is to participate in those categories as the highest value to us, both in revenue and in terms of profitability. So, for example, if you went to China and you look at what was happening some of the stills categories, maybe water, you see a growth rate of X. But what you don’t see in the volume is actually we’re selling less of the cheap water and more of the higher value waters recycle and re-innovate our business to drive the positioning and the premiumness through different brands and reset the way we attack some of these categories. So, we’re asked to driving consumer franchise that’s about incidence of consumers the number of times they drink our beverages, even if that’s a smaller package and about competing from value on the top and the bottom line.
James Quincey: Absolutely, North America has had a great run. The team has done a good job. The strategy is working. The numbers in '15 and '16 that put us at the top end of CPGs in terms of revenue growth with our customers, we’re very pleased with that. I think what you see in the North American strategy, which is absolutely likely what you should expect is a fusion. And what I mean by that is things that they have done, they have taken from other parts of the world successfully. And they have blended it with new ideas and things that are relevant for the North American market, and that’s what turned into the wining plan they put in place, and they’ve executed, and it's doing well. And so, you should expect us always to be taking ideas from one place, applying the learnings in another place. And fundamentally, I think North America is a great example of where we reinvest marketing behind the right strategy and a balanced portfolio with execution by the bottling system. And I underline that, the importance of the execution by the bottling system and our own fountain and what wholesale business is during a time of tremendous change through the refranchising.
James Quincey: Sure. I don't think it will be appropriate to comment on the M&A process of by, so I am going to skip that one, if I may. Refranchising in Africa, I think there has been a very robust process. And I think the management team of the bottler, both prior to the closing of SAB transaction under ABI on the board as well and ongoing. The management team has remained focused on doing the right things in the marketplace to a creditable performance by the management team in conjunction with the local business unit. So, we see no disruption there. And I think everything is going well. The refranchising itself as Muthar commented and as you've seen, we've reached agreement with ABI at the close of last year, and with the rest of the process is ongoing, both from a regulatory process point of view and a selection and determination of the partner from those that will be strongest in those that are interested.
James Quincey: Sure. I mean I think the emerging market is a very mixed tag. I mean there are some, which was doing well. I called out some, like Nigeria, which had a very strong year even in the close of the year as the currency came under pressure, places like Mexico. There are number of emerging markets, South Africa, which we did well in. Now, there are others where the macros were tough, whether that’d be Venezuela, very tough, Argentina, Brazil, and there we applied our strategies, a combination of what's the right tactical use of promotions to balance the system. We don’t want the scale, but we don’t want to overinvest in promotions, while resetting the pack price architecture to really drive long-term affordability. So, it's very much a mix bag across the world. Obviously, India is something a lot of people have commented on. I am not sure any more I can add on the India example. In terms of China, I think China is a great example where you see us executing the game plan, I talked about for Brazil. So the China back-end of '15 coming into the first and the second quarters of 2016 was a very rough year to CPG, a rough year for beverages in China. We went for our game plan, exactly what I said about Brazil, we started to do some promotional things. And then we reset some of the pack price architecture. We’ve focused on the right package sizes and the right brands, doing the marketing in the right way, and a reset of what was important in terms of execution, where you should execute, in terms of channels and focus to the city. So, in the case in China, the markets are actually doing pretty well in the top tier cities. There was lots of growth, look more like the strategy of focus on the value-end, focus on the premium end of the business and then in the more rural and lower tier cities, really affordability and smaller package sizes. And then in the second half of 2016, China rebounded. We grew in both the third and the fourth quarter in volume terms and in revenue terms in China. So, the game plan works. Obviously, it's not instantaneous but we know what to do when markets get into trouble if we focus on understanding the consumer, understanding the customer, and getting organized as a system.
