James Quincey: Yes, thanks. Thanks, Bryan. Look, clearly we've got to do both. If we just aim for top line growth, we – I'm sure we'll get back up to the top end of the algorithm where we were for the last few years. But if we do that without focusing on efficiency, that's not going to work for the company or work for the bottlers or work for the shareholders. And the inverse is true. If we just stop worrying about the top line and focus on efficiency, we'll do well for a year or 2, but then the wheels will come off. So we've got to do both. And the way we're going to approach it is to really attack the priorities we've talked about. In the good years, the pre-COVID years, we got up to the top end of the revenue growth thing. We were doing a lot of innovation. We were curating a lot of brands. We knew we had things that were working really well and other brands that were struggling. And as we were at the top end of the growth, you’ve seen that we need to not just remove the zombie SKUs but prune down some of the explorer brands so you can refocus on those with most potentials. When times are going well, you set a certain pace for that sort of activity. And now in the COVID times and in these more impaired economic times, for at least for the near future, we need to accelerate that. So that's why we said, look, we need to – let's really bring forward the agenda of which every wave of innovation generates, you diverge and then you need to converge on the best – the best product to excel. Let's accelerate that. Let's get really focused. That will also allow us to get more focused and more efficient on how we do the marketing and where we direct the marketing investments. So the 2 things that we’ll work together to both be more able to drive the top line, because we're more able to get back to the sort of growth rates we want, all the top line, and be able to win new consumers and win share in the marketplace and yet do so in a more efficient way. We've also seen over the last number of years, as we've moved to platform services as we've evolved their organization, we can see that we have things that were ahead of us that could also be done, and we're going to accelerate those. Not just as a company, but we're looking for ways as a system, so how can we build on some of the great collaboration that already exists, like the cross-enterprise procurement group, where we buy collectively our core imports, our core commodities. How can we take that to the next level? So, we're really looking for the really – to build on the learnings of the pre-COVID. We knew we had things that were to – that had to be done. Let's accelerate those so that we can generate the efficiencies that will both fuel the growth and getting the top line back up and allow us to bridge in terms of resources given that revenue is still impacted in the near term. So it's got to be done, and we're going to – the last part of that is really it's going to build on the culture of work we have done in recent years to focus on a growth mindset. We've got to keep pushing that idea and keep looking for what's working, and take the resources from the brands and the ideas and the projects that aren't working and funnel them back to those with the most opportunity. So it’s really an end-to-end idea from the consumer backwards through to the structure and the culture of the organization, so that actually you end up with an agenda that's not just a mix of 2 things, strategy and growth and efficiency, but actuallyeach of those components is necessary and enables the other.
James Quincey: Sure. I think the simple answer is no. And by no, what I mean is there are too many, to use the famous Rumsfeld little framework, there are too many known unknowns ahead of us. Because whilst, yes, we have seen sequential improvement through the second quarter and into the beginning of July, in all geographies, all major geographies around the world, the principal unknown is the degree of lockdown going forward. As we talked about it in the second quarter, the biggest variables affecting the business were: One, the degree of lockdown; and two, the degree of away-from-home business in that country with the lockdown. And the simple fact remains that while things have got better undoubtedly, July is better than June, June was better than May, May was better than April, the reality remains that the virus is not completely under control. There have been countries which have repeated lockdowns or cities and states within countries that have repeated lockdowns. And so honestly, I think we could – if we saw the virus starting to be under control, we would imagine, yes, we would see sequential improvement through the months and quarters going forward. But we cannot discount there might be further waves of lockdowns, partial or full. Having said that, I am pretty confident that second quarter will ultimately prove to have been the most difficult and the most impacted quarter, principally because I think the governments are getting smarter about how they apply public health measures and getting things under their control, such that we're unlikely to see the whole world entering a lockdown at the same point in time. I'm not sure that completely helps, but unfortunately, that's the outlook we see, with a strong degree of uncertainty.
James Quincey: Sure. I mean, look, the – I think the fairest thing would be to say that those markets where we've seen repeat lockdowns, they have never – or they have not yet gone down at the same sort of degree they went down in the first round of their lockdown, whether that be February, March or April. And on a global basis, obviously, April was the most difficult month. So we are not seeing that round 2 is as bad as round 1. I think that if you take somewhere like Japan, which started off with the lockdown and they opened up a bit then they locked down again, yes, the number started getting negative again, but they weren't really as bad as they had been at the initial stage. So you do get a bit of a wiggly line, so you can't – that's why I made the point on Dara's question, you can't assume, not that I necessarily think you were, you can't assume it was a straight line from where we are now to good. I think there's going to be some variations as you start to look across the months. But the second waves have not yet looked as bad as the first waves, whether I look across any of the countries you really mentioned or some of the other ones.
James Quincey: Sure. I am not sure there is a destination where there's one right number of the mix between leaders, challengers and explorers. And we will always have a tail of smaller brands. That's not the issue that we're after. And actually, it would probably be a sign of weakness to have no smaller brands in the portfolio because it would mean we're not nurturing the future, we're not nurturing the explorers that will be challengers, that will be leaders in the future. What we want to see is a steady pipeline of progression of creating ever-stronger brands that have real quality leadership. Obviously, they've got to pass through the challengers phase. And therefore, you've got to launch a whole series of explorers, small brands, to try and get there, knowing that most of them will not make it. What we're looking at here is that we have not been as assertive enough and directive enough at weeding out the explorers that have not worked and are unlikely to work so that we can redirect the resources on to the explorers and the challengers that have the most opportunity into the future. So it's not a question of a certain number of explorers are right or wrong, it's a question of, are they succeeding or not? And we – I think we talked at the Investor Day that the success criteria for explorer is very fast growth and starting to gain a core of very engaged and loyal consumers, and that you're really starting to make waves in the category even though small. And that the success criteria for a challenger was being able to gain enough market share that, over time, you could believe you were going to get to leadership. Because at leadership, you have both scale and disproportionately more favorable economics and margin versus the other two categories. So what we're looking at here is, in a way, the result of lots of experimentation and exploration, which is a good thing, but we are looking at an incomplete task of weeding out the ones that work. And so what we're looking at, particularly in a large bucket of smaller brands, is they stayed small for some good period of time, and they're not growing, so they're not meeting the success criteria for saying – there as an explorer brand. And that's true across all categories. I mean, our objective remains to create a broad portfolio of leaders across all sorts of categories. And so really, we are just accelerating the work that we knew needed to happen on all those explorer brands that were not meeting our own success criteria, if they were going somewhere, they were growing, et cetera. And that will allow us to redirect resources to those that are best positioned to grow. So again, we'll be fueling top line growth more efficiently, allowing us to get back to where we were in 2019 and emerge stronger ahead of the pack with better margins for our system.
James Quincey: I'm not sure whether you are referring as much the DME or any additional costs because we're changing our product. But let me try a couple of things and then see whether it answers the question. I mean, firstly, let me just underline what John said. We are going to be good stewards of our capital. And yes, of course, we could just pile on the marketing spend because "no one cares about the earnings this year." Yes, but that still comes from our bottom line and our capital available. And if you look – if you ignore calendar years and just think about the business, why would I want to spend money in a period if I can't get the return, particularly if there's a strong lockdown? So we don't take an approach of overly thinking in the calendar years when it comes to marketing. We're about generating momentum for the brands and the business. And as John said, if we see opportunities to invest and generate and accelerate the top line growth, that's what we're going to do, which is the inverse of what we saw in the second quarter. We thought no marketing is going to make much difference in the second quarter, so we pulled back heavily. And then we'll have to gauge and be adaptable as we work through the uncertainty in these known unknowns as to where or which countries and which categories versus which lockdowns is it going to make sense to spend? So we are going to be judicious in our use of marketing, in our use of capital expenditure. We – much as you can see the sales trend improving through the quarter to July, our expectation is that the general direction of travel is sequential improvement, therefore, we expect to come back and spend more marketing. But we're going to be focused on getting that right.  But said more generally, if we're going to emerge stronger, we need to get the business back to the right level of investment to drive the top line growth. That's what's going to create the profit growth for the Coca-Cola Company. And that is going to go behind the revamped approach to the portfolio, the revamped approach to how we continue to do marketing. If we do have to let go of some brands, potentially even ones we've acquired, like Odwalla, we may need to take some charges. And even though it wouldn't affect the cash flow because we're using it, perhaps we converted the brand to something else or maybe it wasn't making any money, but there might have to be some charges. Obviously, our intent would be to make those decisions as quickly as possible and recognize them as soon as they're made. I hope that provides something of color to your question.
James Quincey: Do you want a go, John? So I'll go ahead. I'll start, then maybe you can jump in. Clearly, we are go – I mean, we've set a North Star: Emerge stronger, which is gain more – engage with more consumers, gain more drinkers, gain share and reestablish system economics for us and the bottling system. So that is where we're headed. And very clearly, that we're going – if we have to choose between investing and not investing in making more money, but damaging the top line, we're going to invest to drive the top line.  The fundamentals of the Coke system work when we can get back where we were precrisis, which was the top end of the growth algorithm on the top line, and that then flows through with the leverage into the bottom line. So that is going to be the North Star globally. And in North America, we need to make sure that happens. And clearly, we're going to do that in a flexible way that John talked about the DME. Having said that, we fully expect to be spending sequentially more DME in North America in Q3 and into Q4. Obviously, we have key metrics by brand as to what we expect from each brand and what they're doing and going for that. And what we see in the marketplace is, again, a bit like the total volume performance. In terms of share, what we see is that where the world is open, we've been able to gain share. The predominant negative effect is channel mix. And it's worth remembering that our – we have half as much a gain market share in away-from-home channels as we have in at-home channels. So the closing of the away-from-home, of course, makes a negative impact to our market share. So what we've done – what we're focusing on is in the channels that are open, let's focus on gaining share where the world is still working, knowing that as the reopenings occur, and being social humans, we'll go out for the experiences, that we will structurally have gained share in channels and then we'll be favored as those where we have historically been stronger start their reopening. So that's our approach overall and in North America.
James Quincey: Thank you, everyone. So to sum up, we're using the current moment of the pandemic as an opportunity to accelerate the implementation of our strategies. With a portfolio of strong brands, a focus on high-impact marketing innovation and a structure that fits the strategy, we are confident that our system will emerge stronger from this crisis and return to delivering good growth for the years to come. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you.
John Murphy: Thanks, Steve. First and foremost, I think the decisions on capital allocation, we take into account not just the short-term, but also taking a view as to where we think the business will be over the next couple of years. And as we look at that, even though, as James said, there are a number of known unknowns, you got – I think you got to divide the calendar into a few parts. One is what's happening in the here and now, number two is the sort of the length and shape of the recovery and then number three is getting back to some degree of what people are, I think, calling a new normal. So we've got tremendous confidence in the beverage industry in general. We think that the fundamentals for growth going forward longer-term remain the same, albeit with the challenges in the near-term. And we think that we can and we'll get back to the high end of our long-term growth algorithm over time. And so with that context, we're comfortable in maintaining our position around our capital allocation and, first and foremost, continuing to support the business as we go forward in terms of capital and marketing investments; and then number two, continuing to support the dividend in that period. Wrapped around that, of course, is our overall debt strategy. We are confident, with the decisions we've taken year-to-date, that the balance sheet is strong enough to withhold the near-term pressures. And we're – while we may go slightly outside of our range this year, we see that being a short-term blip. So I'll also say we're confident in the industry, in our ability to emerge stronger. And with that in mind, the priorities that we lay out, we think, are achievable. Obviously, as James just said, there are lots of kind of known unknowns, and we will continue to review and adapt as those unknowns become more known.
John Murphy: Thanks, Bonnie. Let me take that one. Again, as I mentioned here, I think it's important to kind of divide the calendar up. As you know, for the second quarter, we did take a significant step back from marketing because we didn't think it was going to be that effective. And as we look to the second half of the year, I think the name of the game is to stay flexible and be able to adapt as quickly as possible. With that in mind, as we see the shape of the recovery taking place around the world, there are opportunities to step up, to step back up our investment levels. And I think there's also an opportunity to use this time to completely rethink the amount of investment a market actually needs in an optimal level going forward. So that's very much a key priority for the second half of the year. In terms of specific numbers, I don't have specific numbers to provide because I think it's, again, going back to what I said about being flexible, it's a function of being able to adapt and react as markets demonstrate the trajectory that they're on. But as we go forward and as we go into 2021, a key priority is to emerge stronger, as James alluded to earlier, and to emerge stronger faster. And so with that in mind, it's a key objective in the second half of the year, is to position ourselves well for 2021, and particularly in the markets that are really important to us and the markets where the competitive pressures are strongest. So stepping it up on a case-by-case basis in the second half of the year and being ready for 2021. And for sure, as I said in the script, as we look into the second half of the year, you're not going to potentially see the same cost efficiencies that drove the sort of the operating margin impact in the second quarter in the second half of the year as we continue to look at our marketing needs and take decisions accordingly.
John Murphy: So on – thanks, Andrea. On the second question, there's – as we've in previous calls, I think we have a very open book with respect to the balance sheet and rightsizing and optimizing the balance sheet as we go forward. And there's no investment on the balance sheet that does not get a regular review and determination as to whether it should still be there. With respect to that part of the decision-making, our Bottling Investments group is an important piece of the equation. We don't have a timetable for further refranchising, but it certainly is our longer-term goal to be more asset-light, just as we have, I think, stated on previous occasions, and have acted accordingly with previous refranchising efforts. So that will and continues to be a part of the agenda, but not a specific time line on it. And then with respect to the comment on operating margins, I don't have a clear number to give you for either Q3 or Q4. But it goes without saying, is that as we looked at the opportunities that present themselves, we're not necessarily as focused on the months, but we're more focused on building momentum for the business and sustaining it in the – particularly in the markets that have got outsized importance to us. So we'll make those decisions as they come and as they appear to be the right ones to make at the right time, and the consequences will flow through accordingly.
John Murphy: Yes, James, just – if I could just add to that. I think, Carlos, I think what we will see, both in some of the developing markets like India and even here in the United States, is I think there will be a higher turnover, particularly of small customers, in both the sort of more modern away-from-home as well as the traditional away from home. So I think we expect to see that. But that in and of itself, I don't think means a structural reset is necessary. It could just mean there will be more new ones coming along. And for our system, it just – it will be a key area of focus as we come out of the recovery period.
