James Quincey: Sure. Good morning, Bryan. Firstly, we clearly have been executing [Indiscernible] emerging stronger strategy. And you can see that coming through, we've called out that the third quarter was the first quarter to be growing versus -- in a full quarter versus 2019. So a sequential improvement, as we've been going through this year from the first half, which was below 2019 to the third quarter, which was above it. So it's clearly sequential improvement coming through as we have adapted our ability to cope with the ups and downs of the lockdowns and the re-openings. Now, in the quarter as you say, we called out that July started well, and then August was softer as there were more lock downs and then September was better. When you think about where that's going in the fourth quarter and into next year, clearly the fact that we have raised or clarified guidance on revenue to be the top end of the range should lead you to feel confident that we see visibility in the downhill of the rest of this year. October has started strong and in line with expectations so we feel good. The momentum is there. I've made the caveat, as many other people have done through COVID, that who knows what could happen in the downhill with variants and with lock downs. But at the moment what we see is the momentum is there, we feel good about our top-line guidance for the year and October backs up that statement. And then as it goes through 2022, obviously too early to call the full year next year, and we will do so in February. But again, in the comments, in the press release, in John's comments, we said we feel that we think we have momentum in the business. Again, the caveats of who knows what will happen with variance and potential lock downs but we do see the world emerging from the crisis a bit like an earthquake. You get more aftershocks, but the consequent aftershocks tend to be smaller than the early ones. And that's how we see '22. We feel there's good momentum and the strategy is working and it's getting us back on track.
James Quincey: I'm not sure I used with the word isolated last quarter, but I know what you mean. Look, firstly, we have a lot of capability of managing through crises. This may be a unique and global one, but most managers and leaders at Coke have, sometime in their career, managed a part of the world or a country that's gone through severe dislocation. And so we have built capability over the years to manage through this. And in the mean -- in particular, in the supply chains, organizations of the Company, and with the bottlers, And so we have strong capabilities, we look for long-term partnerships with the ecosystem of the supply chains, whether that's imports, materials, or logistics. We also act as a system in a number of regards. We have something called the Cross Enterprise Procurement Group, which buys key commodities on behalf of the Company and the bottlers, so there's a great deal of coordination between ourselves and the bottlers. In terms of the problems it's a bit like whack-a-mole, things pop up. We've talked previously about can pressure in the U.S. self-evidently, there's issues in shipping and freight and availability of labor in places, then you get one that pops up. The price of gas spikes in Europe, and the availability of CO2 comes under pressure. There's a PET plant went offline because it burst into flames in Brazil, etc. So there is a heightened degree of sporadic problems appearing, as well as kind of structural shortages of certain ingredients. But we have global scale, we have global coordination, and we have long-term relationships with many of our ecosystem partners that are allowing us to manage and offset what's going on.  Now, as regards the bottler inventory towards the end of the year, clearly we are working with the bottlers and obviously they can have the comfort and the assurance that they don't necessarily need to hold it in their hands for us to be certain of having it as a system. We obviously ourselves, being the key player in providing the contract, make sure we have enough buffered availability of ingredients and concentrate to make sure the bottlers are going to be in a good position, and we manage that accordingly with them in every year and particularly this one.
James Quincey: Yes, multipart. First point, we, as a matter of course, I mean, there's inflation every year. But we approach it from the point-of-view going. Our brands need to earn the right to adjust their prices each year, whether that be because of the marketing, the innovation, the execution, the investment in the marketplace, or the pressure on COGS, or the pressure on labor inflation. So as you can see from our numbers, I mean, we are pulling all the levers of price, mix, and marketing innovation each and every year. And so that is the starting point as we think forward into 2022.  Secondly, we see the environment of pricing, example the U.S. and largely everywhere else as pretty rational whether that'd be what competitors are doing or what the retailers are doing with their own label brands. And so we see our approach as earning the rights to take the price that creates value for ourselves, the system, and creates value for the retailers and creates value for the consumers. And that's our starting point. Yes, we did take an off-cycle increase in the U.S. Obviously slightly different by brand and by pack, but certainly in the high-single-digits, starting in August, the elasticity is perhaps a little better than they were last time. You may remember that whatever it was, 4 or 5 years ago, we took an off-cycle price increase in the U.S. when there was a very strong adjustments in the logistics market in the U.S. that caused everyone a great deal of problems. And so we passed that through this time, and we will be looking exactly what level our pricing needs to be for 2022. But again, the COGS input -- the COGS push through is a piece of the puzzle. And we certainly intend to earn the right to take the pricing for the brands and the packaging [Indiscernible]. That is true in other parts of the world. Obviously depending -- in the emerging markets on the level inflation in the marketplace, you got some double-digit inflation places where there might be more than one price increase during the year. But in the other developed markets, again, you see this approach of earning the right to take the price based on the brand, the pack, the occasion, the channel, and really driving that through.
James Quincey: Yeah, sure. I'd say look, Q3 is above 2019 in volume. If I look at the mix of the business between away-from-home, and at-home, the at -- the away-from-home has not yet recovered to the same share of mix that it was in 2019. And so of course, implicit in your question is that a tailwind going forward as more of the away-from-home recovers because of either the package or the brand or the occasion that is related to and then -- excuse me. The answer in some extensive is yes. Now, worth bearing in mind, but it's not a snap back, which is what you are seeing. It's not just a function of lock down and when the lock down ends the away from home comes back. I think we are seeing an evolution of the landscape. You're going to see some -- of course, away-from-home is a series of a whole set of sub-channels. You're going to see some of those sub-channels -- well actually, over the last two years -- almost two years now, there's been a reduction in the number of outlets. And so our hypothesis is it will take time to see those outlets re-expand, reappear. And so, just because the lockdown end doesn't mean the outlet reappears. So we will see some of that. But of course there will be some channels that are not yet fully opened. Much of travel and kind of hospitality, there are whole series of sub-channels that are still running far below their 2019 levels. So yes, it's a headwind -- it's a tailwind going into the future, but it's not dependent just on the end of lock-downs. And I think -- well if you imagine a curve, we've got -- the snap-back has happened, and now it's going to be a little more of a smoothing of the curve to recover the rest of the away-from-home, because in part people's habits have changed. Like I said, it's an evolving landscape, I mean, what degree of more permanent at homework here are we going to see. Not quite clear. So I think we've got a big piece of it, let's say half of it back, of the mix, and there's another half to come, but it won't come overnight, it will come over time.
James Quincey: I'm not sure I would ever call it arriving at the destination off to be optimally running because by the time we get there, something else will have changed in the world and we'll need to make some tweaks and evolve. Certainly we stood up the organization in the first quarter and then it was off to a good start. It's very much on track with our expectations. As you say, one would expect that the recent bumps and some kings that need to be worked out and that is what we're going through at the moment. And it's not that all of the change has happened yet. We've been running [Indiscernible] and the marketing team have been running a big agency review through this year. We're coming up on the final decisions on that in the fourth quarter, which will start bringing a structural amount of change next year in the way we interact in our marketing the enabling spend ecosystem. They'll be more change and we will continue to that. So we are focused on working out the bumps and the bits we've already listed up. We'll be bringing more change in terms of how we get the marketing sorted out next year. And I'm sure things will happen in the marketplace that will cause us to want to make further revolutions. But we certainly see that the early signs of how the new organizational model could help us both deal and manage through the crisis, whether it's what we've done on the supply chain or the procurement, but also set us up Ultimately, this is all about being an enabler to give us confidence in driving and delivering on our long-term growth algorithm.
James Quincey: Yeah. Let me start with the system and then work back towards the Company. Obviously, we're working with the bottlers on a collective basis, and an individual and country basis. And I draw the distinction because, on a collective basis, as I mentioned earlier, we have a unit called the Cross Enterprise Procurement Group, which works on behalf the system globally and also the major bottles to procure the key input costs, whether it be resin, aluminum, sweetness, whatever it would happen to be. And that's not just about buying, it's about the hedges, and the pricing and the security of supply. So there is a tremendous activity in coordination with the bottlers on the principal input costs. Then, of course, we work locally with the bottlers is in the countries taking into account all the other factors that go into how we might want to approach pricing whether that's the other costs, the more local costs, logistics, labor, etc. and our agenda for marketing and innovation and execution in our GM and come up with a plan to make sure that we drive that into the marketplace and into the brands or in the right for the pricing that keeps them attractive to the retailers, attractive to the consumers, and drives the business for us. And then obviously within that, the Company itself has a skew to certain ingredients. Because we are asset-light, we are more certain businesses, like the juice business, vertically integrated in the U.S. and with [Indiscernible] in Europe, than necessarily aluminum. So we do have an exposure for costs, which is why we pulled out what we pulled out. I think that competitive advantage is not whether the Company necessarily is asset-light or not, or how only certain commodities we -- ultimately, we're a system with our bottlers where the pricing is taken by the bottler, and then the Company follows that along. I think the advantage is the global scale, the experience in managing through these environments, and the ability to work with the supply ecosystem and create value for the retailers and the consumers.
James Quincey: No, the incidence model works as the incidence model, which to be clear is generally speaking, that the Company's revenue on any particular brand or package is a percent of what the bottler is getting, it's not the same percent necessarily on every brand or even every package. But it is a percent. And then all the time this has proven to be a great way of maintaining alignment and shared interest in driving value for the Company and the bottlers local management. When a brand or a package or a channel or occasion grows, it's good for both the bottler and the Company, and if we decide to push on something that's more affordable, it delivers less for the bottler and the Company. So the incidence is proven to be a tremendous vehicle of getting the franchise system to focus on creating value in the marketplace. Overtime in certain environments it puts -- the rest of the cost structure puts a little more pressure on the bottler or a little more pressure on the Company depending on what's going on. But we don't course -- micro course correct the incidence for small problems or in potentially medium problems. We look at a holistic view of making sure the bottling system is structurally sound, is -- has got the right capabilities, the right ownership, and the right capacity to invest in the marketplace. So it's something completely pushes the thing on -- off track. We're in a different situation. Otherwise, we and the bottlers don't manage for the short term. We do manage the short-term, but we think about it in the context of where we're going long term and manage through short-term effects.
James Quincey: Thanks for that. Obviously, we're not at the stage of providing an outlook on pricing and promotion levels in 2022. We'll do that when we get to February. Certainly what we did in North America address the immediate 2021 issues in North America as we did in other parts of the world. Wherever it was in the world, we would have addressed the cost issues and the brand pricing issues wherever we were. Again, I think the important thing -- the pricing approach is to own the rights, to take the pricing for the brand. They own that -- their equity owns the right of pricing and that's the combination of bearing in mind the cost inflation -- the input cost inflation, the labor costs, the logistics costs, what we need to invest in marketing, what we need to invest in innovation, what we need to invest in execution, and what we need to invest in Cola's and routes-to-market are not all goals in to the equation of taking the pricing that we have earned to take. And that is the same balancing equation that we will look at for 2022.
James Quincey: Yeah, sure. Well, thank you for those observations, Carlos, on the -- resuming taxes or something like that. As you as you well know, as a long-term reserve of Latin America, we certainly have been trying to fuse together what the best of what the U.S. system does with some important thinking from Latin America on our GM, and on the ground up and down the street execution. As we look forward into the U.S. clearly we're trying to bring a combination of more investment in the marketing of brands, more innovation targeted to the marketplace. That with the increasing use of RGM to be more sophisticated in the price and the mix opportunity, but also back with ongoing improvements in the execution capability, not just in the larger stores or with the larger away-from-home partners, but also up and down the street with the small stores. And really being within an arm's reach desire not just, perhaps, an arm's reach of job, but within a clicks reach of desire, and I think the system is continuing to backdrop as we go forward.
James Quincey: Clearly there's some pressure in the marketplace in terms of logistical capacity. And obviously with the holiday season tending to see demand go up, that's going to come into shop or focus as we go into the next few months. We are well set up, I think we are advantaged competitively. I would like to see us, as you say, make gains in not just the share of the visible inventory, but in the share of the sell-out as well. We will see some of that is limited by some of the supply constraints. If we want to talk about the U.S., it's still tight on cans, it's still tight on hot-filled resin. And so there is some limitations to what's coming out there but clearly, as we sell lots of different brands in lots of different packages, we have the opportunity to make sure we can get the shelves full, if not with absolutely everything we'd love to see on the shelves, at least the shelves will be full with the vast majority of the things we would like to see on the shelves and we can manage through it. If there's tremendous demand and shortage in supply across, one logically starts to wonder whether you need all the promotions that one can think of. So there is a balancing of if it costs slightly more to get stuff there because there are shortages, then you don't need as much promotion. So I think there is a lot -- there are a set of puts and takes here which will allow us -- the system to have a good holiday season.
James Quincey: Yeah, 2 things to bear in mind. Let me start with the Company and talk about the total system. We the Company obviously skew, as I mentioned earlier, in terms of the commodities that flow through our P&L most directly. And bear in mind, the biggest commodity that flows through the Company's P&L is actually juice -- the cost of buying of juice, whose spot price has not shot up. It was not projected to shoot up as much next year as this year. That has obviously increased in '21 over '20. But it's looking more in the range that we've talked about going into 2022. So from the Company's perspective, our biggest commodity is not what the spot price of it for next year. It's not wildly projected to be out of line with what we're talking about in terms of increases. Then obviously we bought -- we buy a whole set of other things, which are expected to go up. So I do want to also encourage you to remember that we don't buy heavily on spot. That is not our objective. As I told earlier, we given our scale in most commodities, especially the system, we look to buy on a long-term basis, not just hedging on a long-term basis or a multi-quarter basis, but buying with partners and making commitments on a long-term basis too. And so we don't go up and down with the stock market on a day-to-day basis. And that means that the system also has the ability to lock-in while still inflation rate in 2022, whether we're talking about PET or metals, or sugars, or corn syrup. They're all going up in 2022, but if not, the sky is falling.
James Quincey: Yes, sure. Let me distinguish clearly between the energy drink category and the energy or recharge need stake, as you mentioned the series of other brands as well. As it relates to the energy drink category, obviously, we have a very successful partnership with Monster that has created tremendous value for us, for the bottlers, and in particular, for Monster. And I think that's driven the losses. Yes, there have been in the U.S. some recent competitive entries, which seem to be both expanding the category and taking some share. Obviously, you can -- you see in their numbers, I know they haven't announced it this quarter, but at least for the numbers they've announced for the first half so far this year, you can see they continue to grow strongly this year on top of growing last year, so there's a lot of success and I'm sure they will talk about on their call how they're responding to marketplace dynamics. And obviously, we, the system, look forward to continuing to drive success with that partnership. As it relates to the broader energy needs state or recharge needs state of consumers, Clearly, that's growing. It has been growing pre - Covid, and it's still growing whether that be, as you say, ready-to-drink coffees or some of the caffeinated waters, we see a lot of focus and an opportunity for growth there. Ready -- Costa Ready-to-Drink has done well where we've launched it. AHA has done well in the launch in China. Certainly there's caffeine being introduced to a number of different beverages here in the U.S. And so we do see ultimately the recharge needs [Indiscernible]. Whether that's satisfied with an energy drink or Coke Classic or AHA with caffeine or a Fair like chocolate milk shake that has been a long-term driver of growth in the beverage industry and we expect it to remain so.
James Quincey: You're welcome. Okay. I think that was the last question. So to summarize, we're confident that as the world begins to move beyond the pandemic, we'll deliver against our long-term growth model consistently and sustainably over time. And I'm putting our new marketing model interaction to shaping a strong and enduring innovation pipeline from our digital initiatives to our important sustainability agenda. We are working in alignment with our bottling partners, with the power of our people and we're poised to drive growth at scale for the entire system for years to come. So thank you for your interest, your investment in our Company, and for joining us this morning. Thank you.
