Kevin D. Williams: Thank you, Roan. Good morning. Thank you for joining us this morning for the Jack Henry & Associates Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Conference Call. I am Kevin Williams, CFO, and on the call with me today are Jack Prim, CEO; and Tony Wormington, President. The agenda for the call this morning will be as follows. Jack will start with an overview of the quarter; Tony will then provide some operational highlights; and then I will provide some additional comments on the press release we've put out yesterday after market and provide some additional comments on the financials; and then we will open up for Q&A. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions today concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors which could cause material -- actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jack.
Kevin D. Williams: David, actually, I don't have the -- for the quarter right in front of me. I mean, year-to-date, we're at $37.9 million cap software compared to $25.9 million last year, so it's up quite a bit. But as we've talked about since last May, our cap software has stepped up, and it has remained pretty flat at just slightly over $12 million a quarter this year-to-date as we continue with those significant projects that we've talked about all year.
Kevin D. Williams: I would anticipate for next year, David, that our cap software run rate is going to stay pretty steady with where it is right now. Because as we've talked about, these projects that we have going on are all multiyear projects.
Kevin D. Williams: I will say, Brett, that our implementation backlog is just probably at full now, as it has been in history. As Jack mentioned, we've had some very good credit union sales, but I will tell you on the banking side, which Tony can jump in here, we've had some very nice banking wins, some mid-tier deals. And our backlog is very solid for both in-house and outsourced implementations for some time going forward.
Kevin D. Williams: David, I don't know that you're going to see much growth in implementation. I think we're probably established a pretty solid baseline right now. I mean, our quarterly revenue year-to-date has fluctuated within $300,000, I believe, on a quarterly basis on implementation services. So that's up nicely from a year ago, but I think that's probably where we're going to stay.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, I mean, honestly, David, there's been a number of things that's happened in the last couple of years. I mean, if you remember in our December quarter, we settled some IRS tax audits and there was a release of about $2.5 million of refunds that we got, so that impacted the quarter. The R&D credit that came into play this year -- or this quarter was a little unusual in the timing of when they actually enacted the law and signed it, which that triggers when you can actually book it. So we actually had 5 quarters of catch-up this quarter. So going into next year, we have to assume that they will not renew the R&D credit as we go forward, which is why we are predicting a 35% tax rate without any other unusuals coming into play next year.
Kevin D. Williams: Thank you. First of all, as Jack and Tony have said I hope to see a lot of you next week in our Annual Analyst Day in Dallas, which is at the Grand Hyatt DFW. We tried to make it as easy to get in now for all of you as we can. We'll be kicking off Monday evening with a mini-tech fair, as we have in the years past, to show off some of our newer products. And then the conference will be Tuesday morning, kicking that off with a breakfast in the morning, and then we should be done by 12:30 or so. If you have not registered and would like to register, shoot me an e-mail, and I will send you the registration link. So you can still get signed up. It's not too late. I would love to see the more people there as possible. In summary of the call, we'd like to thank you for joining us today to review our third quarter fiscal 2013 results. We're very pleased with the results from our ongoing operations and the efforts of our associates to take care of our customers. With that, I would say, good morning. And operator, would you please provide the replay number.
John F. Prim: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to the call. We are pleased to again announce record revenue, net income and business backlogs for our third fiscal quarter. The news in this quarter is that there's not a lot of new news, just continued solid execution. Revenue growth was strong at 10%, all organic, with good contributions from all areas. License fee rose 11% to their highest level in the last 3 years, driven largely by strong results in the Credit Union segment. Implementation fees were up across the board in both core and complementary product areas. Our payments revenues rose 18%, with double-digit growth in every category of payments. Solid attention to expense management by our managers led to a 16% increase on operating income and 25% increase in net income for the quarter. Our biannual employee opinion survey completed in the quarter showed gains in every measured category, and our customer satisfaction levels remained at their industry-leading levels. We look forward to seeing many of you at our Analyst Conference next week, where we will go into more detail on these and other areas of our business. With that, I'll turn it over to Tony for a closer look at the business.
John F. Prim: David, payments is and has been the fastest-growing component of our revenue for quite some time. We certainly expect that to be the case. We expect it to be in double digits. Whether it's sustainable at high teens or not, probably it's likely to pull back some from there. But again, we expect to see continued solid growth in the payments business.
John F. Prim: Not really. We continue to do quite well. I think we've signed 3 credit unions in the quarter that were over $1 billion in assets. That was out of 11 new core sales that we had in the quarter. So we're doing pretty well and hope to continue to do so.
John F. Prim: Brett, there hasn't been a significant change. It's a slow but steadily improving operating environment, and I think that's kind of reflected in the spending patterns that we're seeing. And different institutions are going to have different needs. Some will be more heavily focused on compliance. Some will be more heavily focused on revenue generation. And then as we've talked about, we've seen a good number of both banks and credit unions that are making decisions to replace their core systems to make sure they're on a platform that's better aligned with their long-term strategic plans. So it's not significantly different. It's going to vary from institution to institution.
John F. Prim: At this point, Brett, I think it is probably for the financial institution kind of a check-the-box. I mean, it's a solution that they need to offer. I think that longer term, there is the potential for less investment in branch channels. Certainly in traditional branch channels, where we're seeing more banks starting to talk about the branch of the future, and typically that means to most of them some type of scaled-down footprint, smaller staffing, more tablet-oriented interactions with customers, both in the branch and capabilities that they would offer to the customers. So again, at some point, maybe it has an impact on their branch-related expenditures, but at this point, it's more of a check-the-box. It's a solution that they need to offer. From our standpoint, the revenue model tends to be relatively small dollars per customer using the mobile solution. We expect that to grow over time as we get more and more adoption of mobile capability. We're doing a lot of work and investment around sort of a broader infrastructure of mobile, not just "hey, can I mash this button on the phone and get it to do this?" We're certainly keeping up with those capabilities as well. But we're taking a little broader look across all of our platforms so that we have more common standards, because there are many areas of our business that are going to need and involve mobile capabilities or tablet capabilities of some type, and we're trying to have a little more consistent user presentation there. So we're doing some plumbing work, essentially, to kind of have a more consistent set of standards across the board, as well as the feature -- individual feature components, as well.
John F. Prim: Yes. We have a P2P payment offering, Brett, as you know, that came via our iPay acquisition, so they've had that for a number of years. We have definitely seen an acceleration in the uptake of that product. I want to say -- I don't have the numbers right in front of me, I want to say it was somewhere in the 26% to 30% growth range this last quarter, and, quite frankly, that was lower than what it has been in recent quarters. It's been more in the 40% year-over-year growth kind of range in previous quarters, and I don't know why there would be a particular difference this quarter. But we are certainly seeing a very solid growth there. It's not a big business, but it's a nice margin contributor. I certainly think that it will be a bigger component over time. I don't know that I would predict it to be a huge component, but I think it is certainly getting more attention.
John F. Prim: David, I would just add to that 2 things. One, the implementation services were up across the board. They were both core and complementary products, which is good news. I would tell you that the larger implementation piece, typically those that are going to be associated with core, I wouldn't say we're 100% locked in for the next fiscal year, but we're probably not far away from it. You're looking at lead times on these new core implementations that are going to be at the low-end probably 9 months and at the high-end could be 15 months. And so I think we're, again, probably got a little room in there for some additions in FY '14. But I would guess that 80% of the available core implementation services number is probably already in there.
John F. Prim: Yes. I wouldn't -- let's not get ahead of our ourselves, but I think we feel pretty good about where we are. And again, I don't know that we're ready to give any FY '14 guidance at this point. But again, David, we're, as you know, close to an 80% recurring revenue model at this point in time. License fees are going to fluctuate. I've said before and I'll say it again, I think the long-term trend for license fees continues to be downward, as it does for hardware. But I think that the fundamentals of our business, as you've seen for the last couple of quarters, are pretty much what we think we're looking at, at this point going forward.
