Kevin Williams: Thanks, Whitney. Good morning. Thank you all for joining us for the Jack and Associates first quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings call. I am Kevin Williams, CFO and Treasurer and on the call with me today is David Foss, our President and CEO. In just a minute, I will turn the call over to David to provide some of his thoughts about the state of our business and the performance for the quarter and then I will provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday after market close, update our guidance for FY ‘20 and then we will open the lines up for Q&A. First, I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties. And the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday’s press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and forward-looking statements. I’ll now turn the call over to Dave.
Kevin Williams: And Pete, this is also kind of a slow roll because obviously, our focus was to get all of our debit customers migrate over to the new platform. That was we want to make sure that plan was solid in place. So we met our obligations to our customers and to our shareholders and then also with this credit card offering being a new offering, you kind of have to prove yourself. And now that we have 11 live, we have got referenceable customers and it makes a whole lot easier to sign additional customers when you have referenceable customers.
Kevin Williams: So we are – and obviously, we don’t disclose our budget. But our R&D is going to stay pretty much in line with total revenue percentage as it has in prior years. From quarter-to-quarter, what you are going to see is some flopping around because as we roll major projects that are in development being capitalized and we roll those projects off or into production, then R&D expense will go up in that quarter or could be – a lot of these products, we actually have contractors come in to do a lot of work for us and the retiming of shifting between development of different products. So you really can’t base R&D expense growth on a given quarter. You almost have to look at the trailing 12 months to get a real feel for it.
Kevin Williams: Yes. And as Dave mentioned in his opening comments, we are a little different because we had a number of core prospects at both of our national education conferences, and we literally turn those prospects loose. They go to any track, meaning breakout session. They can talk to any customers. And we even had a special breakout. We invited the industry consultants to come into our JAC and actually had a separate track for them, a separate 4-day track to help them understand better who we are and how we approach parts of the world. So I think all of those helped contribute to establish our culture and how we take care of our customers and that we are just a little bit different.
Kevin Williams: And I would also add, Kartik, I mean with us being at 85% or 86% recurring revenue, I mean, it’s not like we’re going to have just adding on a whole brand new bunch of customers because we have to add the same number of customers this quarter that we did a year ago just to maintain growth. So the growth is really all the cross-sell of all products that we’ve rolled out. As Dave mentioned, the 60 plus new debit card customers that are on the system, the 11 new credit card, that’s all new revenue growth, all the Banno platform customers that we’re selling. The treasury management customers, I mean, there is just an enormous amount of cross-sell, which now we are starting to reap the rewards of – the fruits of our labor of the cap software that we have been doing for the last 4 or 5 years as these new products are really starting to get traction. I think that’s what’s going to – you are going to see continue to help drive revenue growth as we layer that revenue on top.
Kevin Williams: Well, so Kartik, I mean, we’ve got installed backlog on the vast majority of our products. So we – and most of those go 12 months out or longer. So going into a given quarter, we’re 98% visible on what that quarter is going to be for revenue. I mean, obviously, you can have some fluctuations, you can have transaction changes within the debit cards or different things or you could actually have a customer delay a delivery, which under the new rev rec rules, if that happens – to delay a final conversion, then that could push all the software recognition and implementation revenues out into the next quarter. So you’re going to still have a little lumpiness there. We have 98% plus in any given quarter. And it’s not far from that, going into a given year any more, Kartik. I mean, with all of the backlog that we have and again, 85% recurring revenue, we’ve got a lot of visibility. It’s a whole lot easier to forecast and give guidance than it was 10 years ago. I can assure you that.
Kevin Williams: Yes. I mean, it’s going to – sorry, a little bit through the year because of all the software subscription and everything we take in the first quarter. But the other thing, John, is there is an actually – some of that deconversion revenue that got pulled in from Q2 that we thought was going to happen in Q2 actually happened in Q1. So we think – so I’m not sure exactly where deconversion fees is going to fall out for the quarter, next quarter or the year, to be quite honest. So is there a little conservatism built into that guidance? Absolutely, I mean, I have been doing this a long time. I would much rather under-promise and over-deliver than the other way around.
Kevin Williams: Okay. And John, let me just – I mean and I know you are familiar with it. The revenue build slide that I’ve got in my investor presentation a few years ago. That slide has not changed. And so if you think about it, our outsourcing of cloud, just like that slide shows, is about 25% or 26% of revenue. It is continuously growing at a roughly 12% rate. That’s what it’s done on average for the last 3 or 4 years. I don’t see that changing. You got our payments business, which is basically 35% of revenue that’s grown in the – it’s 7% or 8% this year. I think that could accelerate. So you’ve got 60% of your business, which is all very nice margin business that’s growing basically double digits. So you cross-sell some additional products and add on some additional products, it’s pretty easy to get to that 7% to 8% growth that we have been guiding to.
David Foss: Pete, no, I wouldn’t say there is any significant change. We added a team last year. I think it was for to help customers, our core customers who are acquiring other institutions because there was a good bit of volume last year as far as our customers adding banks on the banking side, not on the credit union side but on the banking side. So we did add a team last year. We have not added any teams this year don’t have a need for that. And we are managing the backlog well. We’ve been running at a pretty consistent pace as far as core conversions for quite some time on the banking side. On the credit union side, we did recently add a team to help with in-house customers migrating to the private cloud environment and they can also help with new core customers that are coming into the private cloud environment. So we did add a team recently on the credit union side, but we are – and we are positioned well to manage that backlog and don’t see a push there right now.
David Foss: Yes. So we don’t have a huge backlog on the credit side. We have been managing that as we go here, so we have several that are in the queue. But the challenge for both new debit and credit deals is virtually any bank or credit union is in a long-term agreement today if their debit – almost everybody has debit, so they have a long-term debit contract. Those that are in credit programs have some kind of a long-term credit program if they are in the – if they are offering those services already. So there is a timing issue there with almost every customer where you have to work it out to make sure that your deal kicks in when their existing agreement is up for renewal. On the credit side, as we talked about on previous calls, there are a number of customers out there however who don’t have their own credit portfolios. And so those customers, it’s a matter of working with them to determine whether or not they want to get into the credit business. We saw a lot of demand a couple, 3 years ago. That’s why we decided – that’s part of the reason why we decided to do this deal that we have recently rolled out. But for those customers that don’t currently have a credit offering, they have to go through the process of justifying it and make sure they have the internal staff to manage the program. So we’re working both sides of that coin, with customers who are looking to move and those who are looking to start or bring their program in-house but not a current backlog concern, I would say, I don’t know what percentage of our customers are active with us right now, but we have a number of deals in the sales pipeline right now for both debit and credit.
David Foss: Just to give you a feel, so we signed 16 new debit customers just in this quarter. There is continuing to be interest and demand. And those are not aggravations. So those are people who have not done debit with us in the past that signed in the quarter.
David Foss: Yes. Generally, the core customer signings are – first off, they are looking for a new technology solution provider. They are probably running on an old core solution with whoever their provider is today. So they are looking for new technology. Secondly, oftentimes, they will say to us that the relationship is broken with whoever it is that they are working with currently. And so – and that encompasses customer service and then encompasses just the overall confidence in the direction of that organization or that product. And then thirdly, the digital strategy is becoming a big part of the conversation with almost every new core customer. And so we get a lot of great feedback from prospects about the digital strategy that Jack Henry has in place. You have seen us do a good bit of investment in the past few years, not only in our Banno digital platform. But when we acquired BOLTS and we acquired Geezeo, those were both acquisitions to help round out that digital strategy, that digital story. I have talked about it on several calls in the past. Jack Henry today is live with innovative technology as far as digital banking that nobody else in our space is doing and we are getting a lot of recognition for that. And that helps win core deals because every customer, every bank and credit union out there knows that for them to be successful in the future, they have to have a really solid digital experience for their customers.
David Foss: That’s a good question, Kartik, because I think, as you know, for Jack Henry, it’s both. We are certainly taking share. We have talked about it many times in the past. On the core side, we are taking share. And when we do lose a customer to acquisition normally, it’s a smaller customer. So if you compare the ones we are taking on as compared to the ones that we lose because they have been acquired, the ratio is in Jack Henry’s favor significantly. So not only are we taking share, but there is this continued focus on spending in our space, a lot of it around digital, which I just emphasized, a lot of it around people kind of repositioning their payments infrastructure to make sure that they can facilitate the needs of their customers going forward and then just looking for solutions that help them with efficiency, so any mobile-first and efficiency are big topics for our customers. So, it really is a combination of the two. The easy answer for me would be to say 50-50, half of it is us taking share, half of it is the fact that there is so much continued good news in the market. But I would say it’s more heavily weighted toward us taking share, because when we win a core customer, they tend to surround that with a lot of other Jack Henry products. And as I mentioned earlier, when we are taking share, we tend to take larger customers than those that are being acquired out from under us.
David Foss: You have nailed it right there. That’s exactly it. So we have talked about it before on the call. When we sign a customer, it’s generally 9 to 12 months before you start to see that revenue coming in on the core side because there is a lot of work that goes into preparing for that conversion. And once you lay that customer in, again, almost every customer we sign these days is signed as a private cloud-hosted customer. So once you start to layer that revenue in, then it starts to continue to be additive to the numbers you have seen in the past. And so for this quarter, this is a quarter that reflects not only bank customers that we have added in from last year, but now credit union customers that are being added in more on the private cloud side than in-house. Whereas in the past, we would sign them usually as an in-house customer, you would see the revenue path more quickly because we were selling a license fee rather than the hosting model. But now most of the credit unions we sign are also on the hosted model. So once you get them layered in, that revenue just starts to build. And you’re really seeing that result now in this quarter strong.
David Foss: Sure. So first off, for the first part of your question, and I mentioned it briefly in my opening comments. One of the good bellwethers for us is every year in the fall when we host our Symitar client conference and our JAC conference, which is banks and credit unions, at both conferences, I host a CEO breakout. So only CEOs and Presidents are invited to a 2-day session where we kind of talk about what’s going on in the industry and we get a good opportunity one-on-one to get feedback from them regarding what they are seeing and how they are feeling and so on. And it was very uplifting coming out of both of those conferences how – there’s no hand wringing. There’s no major concern that the banking industry is in trouble or anything like that or a recession is on the horizon. In fact, it was the opposite, a lot of interest in new technology solutions. What can we do to either improve the end customer experience or introduce efficiency into the bank or credit union. So I don’t see any slowdown as far as interest in technology, Jack Henry Technology solutions or their willingness to spend for those things that can help the institutions, so nothing changing there, still very solid. As far as the competitive environment, yes, you’re right, major acquisitions have been happening in our space, nothing significant changing as far as the competitive environment for us on a day-to-day basis. In fact, several of you have speculated on this call in the past about will this create opportunities for Jack Henry in the long term. I’m still not ready to say that, but it’s feeling that way. There are a number of customers out there, prospects who were at our client conferences this fall that we mentioned earlier, who are expressing that they’re interested in Jack Henry because they can see that we’re very focused on them as banks and credit unions, providing outstanding technology solutions to banks and credit unions and ensuring that their underlying core infrastructure is solid and best-of-breed. So as far as the competitive environment, no negatives for us so far, but it’s early days since these major acquisitions and we will continue to keep an eye on it.
