David Foss: I'll take the second part first, Vasu, and then I'll turn it over Mimi. As far as the overall macroenvironment, I would say things are continuing to look very strong. Our pipeline, I just mentioned in my prepared remarks that we set another sales record in Q2 which I was not expecting, given the huge performance we saw in Q4, the June quarter last year. So to set another overall sales performance record was a surprise to me. But the environment is very strong, the pipeline is larger than it's ever been. I would say that on the core side of the business, we are trending larger. So I highlighted, we assigned three-multibillion-dollar institutions on December 30th alone, core takeaways December 30th. And I think the if you look at the core side of the business, the accounts that we're currently involved in are definitely trending larger, bigger institutions coming to Jack Henry looking to make a change. I certainly believe part of that is driven by the technology modernization strategy. They're looking for that partner that will really help them modernize. But I think the other driver for that is just the reputation Jack Henry has for delivering great technology and great service. So I would characterize the overall environment for us as far as sales is very strong right now. And as I said in my prepared remarks, although we don't have any of the big surveys that I can quote, because nobody has published results. I have a whole bunch of more anecdotal bits of feedback and that CEO roundtable that I hosted two weeks ago in Phoenix, and they're the kind of average spend increase for calendar ‘23 and this is them knowing that their budgets are in place for ’23 already. So it's them quoting to me what they have planned, the average was around 7%, as far as an expected spend increase. And by the way, this CEO forum that I hosted was not just Jack Henry core customers. This was a variety of CEOs from a variety of, who are running a variety of different solutions. So that would be my comment on the overall and I'll turn it over Mimi, to answer your first part of your question.
David Foss: I think that's important to emphasize that our growth rate year-over-year is for the payments business is very strong. Now we've backed off a little bit because what's happening in consumer behavior, but we should not lose sight of the fact that the payments business is up significantly year-over-year as far as overall growth.
David Foss: Yes, so I don't think, Vasu, I can quote you accurately on what our win rate is. And I think pretty much every deal where we're selling digital banking is a competitive deal. So I couldn't quote you an accurate percentage as far as what our win rate. Win rate is, I just know it's very high because Banno has this outstanding reputation. As far as selling outside the base, so, we're from a technology point of view, we're prepared to do that right now. It's a strategy point of view that has kind of prompted us to back off a little bit. And I think I talked about this on a previous call. We see opportunities outside the base, as I said, from a technical point of view, ready to deliver outside the base. But we have learned that for some of our competitors are selling into their base, they perceive to be a real positive a real win, because it gives them a better solution overall. And so we're weighing the opportunity for us to sell Banno versus the potential negative for us in selling the core side. If a competitor says, oh, my gosh, wait, we finally abandoned in our base now. So our customers won't be as likely to leave us on the core side of the business. That's not necessarily a good thing for Jack Henry. So we're being very strategic about how we position this and which core basis we go after. And I'd rather err on the side of making sure the strategy is right. And rather than just chasing after a few dollars that might damage us long term from a strategic point of view.
David Foss: Yes, certainly, we're able to use that platform. And we already have customers in production on the credit side and customers that we've signed. But as I've highlighted and others settings it's not a matter of going to a customer and saying, hey, we have credit, now you want to sign up, they have if they're in the credit space, they already have an agreement with somebody. And so normally they need to allow that agreement to anniversary all step to buy the contract out. The other thing that I've been pretty transparent about on these calls, is we've been building up our expertise in the credit space. Credit is a different business from debit. We needed to literally hire people to sell, hire people to service, that side of the business. And so we've been building up that capability overtime. So it's combination of those things that has been kind of a slow roll for us as far as being in the credit space. But as far as being positioned today to offer credit when a customer is ready to get into the credit space. We have the programs, we have a sales organization, we have the technical abilities to deliver. And so it's a matter of us finding those customers and converting them.
David Foss: Yes, we do. And so and we publish that for our clients, we have a roadmap out on our customer portal so our clients can go and see what the roadmap looks like. And so we're being very transparent with our clients and with prospects. Initially, I had hoped to publish that for everybody to see. But we've realized that, again, competitors are very, very eager to see what Jack Henry's doing. They're trying to figure out how to compete with a strategy. And so we backed off on being quite that transparent. But we're being very transparent with our existing customers, and with prospects who are looking at tech modernization to help define their strategy for the future.
David Foss: Yes, I'll, so I'm going to turn it over to Greg here. Just to give you a couple of highlights, again, we're not going to go into great detail at this point. But Greg can give you a couple of highlights of what to expect. And I will point out that in the, my prepared remarks here, I highlighted the fact that we have some of these things rolling out. We have our domestic wire solution coming into full production here in just a couple of months. We have our international wire solution coming into full production later this year. So I've already highlighted a few of those things. But I'll turn it over to Greg for a little more color.
David Foss: None of them were above $10 billion. My recollection is they were mostly been a three-ish range. three to five, somewhere in there. And I'm not, I'm just doing that off top my head, but somewhere in that range for those customers. And I think it's the same story that you've heard from us time and time again, Dave. It's a combination of great technology, a great reputation for service, a very focused strategy. So if you come to do business with Jack Henry, you know which core side we're going to be supporting for the go forward. There's no question about what our strategy is regarding core. So I think it's all those things rolled together, plus, this reputation we have for openness. And today, most banks and credit unions want to connect to FinTech solutions, and they want a partner who embraces that idea of open connectivity. And so you roll all those things together. It's the same things that we've been talking about for a long time. Those are the primary drivers for us in these wins.
David Foss: Yes, we actually have a report card that I look at every month, that shows the number of we refer to as a slot. So the number of conversion slots, the number of conversions that we're prepared to do in any given quarter. And it shows how many of those slots are already booked, how many of them are being held, because there's a deal that's in process where a customer has said, hey, I want to convert to nine months as opposed to 18 months, and then how many are open. And our backlog on the core side is well into the next fiscal year as far as those slots being held. Now, once in a while when I say things like that people will say, well, hey, you ought to just go hire more people and speed that up. The thing you have to remember is this isn't about hiring more people. And we can do a conversion in a month. Conversion when you're doing an entire core conversion. Normally you plan for 12 months and that's not because Jack Henry so slow, we can't do it any faster. It's because there is so much to be absorbed on the customer side. They're trying to run the bank or credit union and at that same time, they're learning all new systems and all new processes and they are validating data to be converted, and it's just a very large, massive project. And so we manage our backlog really well, I think our conversion team has managed the backlog well. We do a similar exercise for every other product that we have. The core backlog is the one that normally gets a lot of attention. But every product we have, we have that exercise and that reporting. And so we can staff up and staff down as we need to, generally fairly easily certainly, there are some roles that are very specialized and you can't simply move people from one group and not to another based on demand. But generally, we can do that pretty easily and manage our backlog effectively.
David Foss: I'm glad you call that out, JD, because I think the as Mimi just detailed, there are several things in there. But the primary driver of that difference between the $0.20 and the $0.11 is management expense control. We have a team here who has really dug in to make sure that we're doing the right things on the expense side. And so if it were just for the slowdown and deconversion revenue, we'd see a $0.20 hit, but the team has really put in the extra effort to make sure that we're doing the right things here. And I think that's a significant call out for the management team at Jack Henry.
David Foss: Yes, that type of detail is not something that we've disclosed. I think the best way for us to, for you all to track what's happening in our business is just the overall macroenvironment kind of falling what's happening in the overall macro environment. This is not unique to Jack Henry, this is what's happening overall, it's consistent with what's been reported by the major card vendors of MasterCard and Visa. And I think that's the best way to kind of anticipate what's happening at Jack Henry, what's happening overall in the industry, because we follow the industry when it comes to things like debit volume, and any kind of shift between debit and credit.
David Foss: So Payrailz is part of the strategy. The idea was that by acquiring Payrailz, we acquire a public cloud native bill pay and overall payments platform that does P2P account to account and business to business payments. And so acquiring Payrailz was to kind of fill that need for a public cloud native payments platform. Our choices were to essentially rewrite iPay and add functionality to iPay, or go acquire something that was already public cloud native and integrated into the solution. So as Greg just highlighted Payrailz is up and running, integration work is being completed, but not much left to do as far as integrating into the rest of solution in the public cloud environment that we've created. So it's progressing beautifully, as far as I'm concerned, from a technology point of view.
David Foss: Well, at this point, we're continuing to implement CPI Escalator. So I stressed two calls ago, I think that's not a one and done thing at Jack Henry, we don't do that at one time. And then we're done doing that, as contracts come up for renewal, those CPI Escalators are implemented for those customers. And we're continuing to do that. So until we see some significant change in the overall economy, we are going to continue to implement those changes to the level that we think is appropriate and that our customers are expecting, we'll continue to implement CPI Escalators. We just did another batch last week. And so this is not something that we're kind of evaluating as a point in time that we're going to stop or that we're going to do something different. We're continuing to do the activities that we've been doing. And we'll do that until we see some change in the overall economy that warrants a change in our practice.
David Foss: Yes, that's a really interesting topic, James. And I could probably talk for about two hours on this one, I won't, but I could. So what's happening right now. So there are a couple of competing forces here when it comes to talking about that. First off, you have a real desire among banks and credit unions to continue to look for best-of-breed solutions. It's why we have so many best-of-breed products in the Jack Henry product family, it was the whole basis for the ProfitStars initiative that we ran until we just changed our branding here, we still have all those solutions, we still have that strategy, we still have a salesforce that only calls on customers outside the Jack Henry core base. That is still a wonderful business for Jack Henry, because there are those customers who demand and expect best-of-breed solutions to connect into their core. At the same time, you have regulators that are pushing pretty hard on those same customers to say you shouldn't be trying to manage so many vendors, you're introducing more risk into your environment, if you have so many different vendor partnerships. And so part of our strategy has been we can do both, we can be the best-of-breed provider for somebody who's not running a Jack Henry core. They limit the number of vendors they work with by working with Jack Henry on non-core solutions because we have such a broad suite of non-core solutions. So we are a positive in that sense to those vendors or for those customers who are looking to do best-of-breed but limit the number of vendors that they're working with. But again, there is this real push because of the disruptive factors or disruptive forces that are happening in the banking space in general. There is this real push among bankers to find those FinTech solutions, those best-of-breed solutions to offer to their clients. And so it's that balancing act, but it's something that we've been watching for quite some time. I feel strongly that Jack Henry is really well positioned to serve both ends of that spectrum. And is part of the reason why we continue to look for some of those best-of-breed solutions to acquire, like Payrailz, so that we can continue to be a force among those customers looking for best-of-breed.
David Foss: And that's something that will go on forever at Jack Henry. David, I think the key point there is that what Greg just highlighted, that isn't a one and done exercise, that's something we're trying to ensure is embedded in our culture going forward. We'll continue to look for those opportunities. Always.
David Foss: Yes, there are a couple of decent sized deals out there that we're working on. And feeling pretty good about. So that's part of it. And again, it's also getting these add on solutions, what we call add on solutions to the iPay business, and moving those on. And that's really where a lot of that is baked.
David Foss: Yes, so it's becoming a significant part of many of the conversations. So I highlighted the beginning of the call Dominick, that we signed 12 new core deals in the quarter, it was a significant call out that I made, there was three of them were multibillion dollar institutions that all signed on December 30th. So December 30th was kind of a fun day around here. But the other thing that I've talked about already on the call is the fact that we have larger institutions, I think overall demand is moving larger. And I think some of that is definitely being driven by the technology modernization story. So we have, it's become a part of most conversations with core prospects is not necessarily part of the conversation with people who are not looking to bring their core to Jack Henry, but for core prospects, it certainly is part of the conversation, usually. And we are trending up as far as the size of customers that are coming to Jack Henry wanting to talk about tech modernization, because they've been looking for that company that will help them develop a strategy in the future that gets them to the public cloud. And it's a more, I think, rational strategy about how you do the core side of the business, and tie in FinTech solutions, complementary solutions into that experience for their customers. So conversations have been great. I personally have been involved in a lot of them, because as I’ve stressed before when it's a larger institution, and the CEO wants to be in the conversation. I am normally involved in those and it's pretty fun right now.
David Foss: Well, so what I talked about in the early part of the call is we don't have any of the major surveys that I can quote to you this year, but I have a number of smaller surveys with smaller sample sizes. And then I hosted the CEO roundtable discussion just two weeks ago. And these were CEOs of larger institutions. Jack Henry core and not. So it was a variety of CEOs and kind of the overall feel. And these are people who have their budgets in place now for 2023. So they weren't speculating. They were sharing with me real numbers that they planned for 2023. The kind of the average settled in at around 7%, their expected increase for 2023. And that's in line with what we're seeing in the sales organization. The sales pipeline is very robust, larger than it's ever been. So I don't see any slowdown or any kind of pullback when it comes to the commitment that folks in our space have on continuing to spend in the technology area.
David Foss: Yes, I'd say it's pretty stable. I've described it before as a religious conversation. When you talk to a bank or credit union, they either believe in being in-house with either everything or some things, or they believe in outsourcing, and they just have this kind of ingrained belief. And normally it requires some driver that has nothing to do with Jack Henry to get them to talk about outsourcing. So it might be that they've lost somebody in their tech group that they were very dependent on and now and they can't hire a replacement. It might be that the regulators are giving them, pressuring them because they're trying to do things themselves that they maybe shouldn't be doing themselves. It might be a change in leadership at the institution. And the new CEO comes in and says, I don't know why you guys are doing this yourselves. We really ought to be outsourcing this. So it's some kind of driver normally that's external to Jack Henry. That prompts them to bring their business into an outsourced environment. And I don't think anything has changed in that regard in the past six months, or even in the past six years.
Mimi Carsley: Thanks, Vasu, for the question. I would say on a non-GAAP revenue change. Yes, I think you're right in terms of predominantly is around card which is based on that we were optimistic in terms of now the slowing consumer is a little bit slower than we anticipated. And so I think that's led to a modest deceleration of growth, but still an attractive growth rate, I would call out. And so it's predominantly around cards.
Mimi Carsley: Yes, thanks for the question. JD, you're right, in terms of the deconversion revenue driving about $0.20. If it were to stand on its own. A couple of things, one, to just follow on to my prepared remarks. The disciplined focus on expense controls, and the second half is driving part of that upside. Additionally, we are seeing because of the higher interest rates, we are seeing some positivity from an interest income perspective, that's helping as well. And then on a GAAP basis, you have the Albuquerque sale, as well. So that's just not a lot of changes on the tax rate. But just between management control, and a little bit of interest rate savings. So I would say that’s a primary driver of that change.
Mimi Carsley: Yes, it's a good question, JD. I mean, I would say in similar to our comments last quarter, that the first half is slower and we see a pickup as the year goes on, both from a revenue with Q2 expect it to have been our lowest quarter and growing as the year continues. So I wouldn't say that there's a dramatic difference between 3Q and Q4, but just a second half favorability versus first half.
Mimi Carsley: Yes, I think you're right, JD, in terms to look at it on a longer cycle, I wouldn't recommend looking at on a quarter but rather on a year-to-date. And so on a Q1 because of the timing of Q1versus Q2, year-to-date, this year, we're about $119 million versus prior year $96 million. That's with asset sales without pretty comparable, if you wouldn't adjust for deconversion revenue, we'd be pretty comparable on a six-month basis. So I think all-in-all, I think not a lot to kind of call out for the second half there. I think trends will kind of continue to normalize.
Mimi Carsley: I can take that one, Ben. So I would say year-to-date trends that we've seen core being about six driven mostly by cloud strength, payments up about 7% growth and complementary about 8%, for the full year and that's on a non-GAAP basis, for the full year, we're seeing some consistency in those trends. So I would say particularly around core and payments consistently full year versus kind of year-to-date. And on complementary, I think growing slightly in the second half to kind of land us up a little bit there. So that's kind of the direction I would call out.
Mimi Carsley: The only add on I would say there is it's quite early from a fiscal ‘24. We haven't even started it budget cycle planning. So in terms of being able to indicate utilization, and for next year, I think it's premature. I would say we're not reliant on that as a core strategy of our growth though.
Mimi Carsley: So, Dave, I think that's a great question. I think it's a combination of factors. I think the discipline focus, as Dave mentioned, previously, we look on every headcount renewal, every ask on it like a roll by roll. There are some more postponing, there's some work just kind of eliminating completely some may dribble back in next year, we're making kind of mindful choices, travels and other example where we are just kind of being disciplined about the amount of travel. But that may not be a structural kind of long term. So I suspect some of that might come back. But then there's other factors, including performance management, and other things that are -- that will help us this year.
Greg Adelson: Yes, there's a few other things we're doing. So we basically have planned out for the next three years. So we have various targets that we've assessed, but things around authorization management is a big one. Dave actually mentioned that as some of the testing that we're doing already, in the Google Cloud, that's a big one, there's a lot of components that we're doing with real time to help us with some solutions that we're going to look to roll out over the next 18 months or so that we're not prepared to talk about publicly, but components of that. And then, of course, a lot of the other key modules, General Ledger itself, other components that will be done. But each of those is already bracketed by year for what we plan to get done over the next three years.
Greg Adelson: Yes, Kartik, this is Greg, I'll take that one. So a couple things. So even in the Payrailz acquisition, we have a fraud module that we're actually rolling out with our open loop P2P. So again, it provides an extra layer of fraud protection for that, actually, there's a unlike sale which is it revocable and a couple of the other faster payment solutions, there's an option as when the receiver gets it to designate how they want to receive the payment. And as part of that process, we have an extra kind of fraud layer there. The other thing as Dave mentioned our Financial Crimes Defender products, that one is going to be specifically tailored for the opportunity to help with both sell fraud, and other Faster Payments fraud, because it's got real time components to it. And so those will be two things. We're actually in beta right now, with the Financial Crimes Defender product, and it is getting significantly, really good fanfare from our clients in the beta process. So we're pretty excited. But those are just two of several other things. We actually have a committee here at Jack Henry, that we kind of aggregate all of our kind of defense projects, fraud products. And we have a team that is looking to kind of consolidate some of that and drive the right strategy for our customers.
Greg Adelson: Hey, James, this is Greg, I'll take that one. So a couple of things. So one, we are positioned to be the first processor live starting in July. So we've been working with the Fed for over two years directly on kind of preparedness for that. So we will be launching it looks like somewhere between 25 and 30 institutions will be part of our initial launch. So the interest level with the community institutions is very high. Part of the reason why is that the clearing house is owned by the larger banks. And so there's always been a little bit of a of a concern about doing business with the larger banks, but with the Fed, the smaller community banks are very excited about this specially about some of the use cases that are being talked about. So, in short, it just as a reminder, we have about 60% of the clearing house institutions, or Jack Henry institutions today, if you look at the who's live with about 60% are Jack Henry. So we will be the first processor going live with the FedNow product in the summer.
Greg Adelson: Yes, this, Greg, I'll take that one as well. So we did just launch it, we have three customers that are in some type of pilot with us right now since we just got it going. But what we really believe is going to happen is that the smaller community institutions that were had credit programs or wanted to be part of credit programs, they didn't have the staffing or expertise to handle the full-service solution. So just like Dave mentioned that we were gearing up, and we brought in people to help us with it, they didn't have the resources as well. So we really believe the agent program is going to be a nice opportunity for more folks to take advantage of a credit offering. And the way we position the solution set is that at some point in time, if they would like to actually move to a full-service solution, we will let them take that portfolio with them. So that's also pretty advantageous. So again, more to come on that. But we do believe that this -- there'll be more uptake in the agent program, then maybe, especially in the smaller community, institution space.
Greg Adelson: Yes, we're still working through that. But yes, I mean, we're working through everything we can do related on the sales side, making sure that the sales engine is going to the point that we need it to. And as long as that happens, we feel very confident about that.
Greg Adelson: This is great. I'll add one piece, we have a very strong focus on process automation here. Not only tools, but just in people. So about 25% of our staff is really certified in some level of what we call caught in the classroom. And so as part of that, we've been driving a lot of operational savings, and some of the headcount reductions as part of our initiatives to be better automated, and various things that we do. So that's also another contributing factor.
John Davis: Hey, good morning, guys. Mimi, just on the updated EPS guide. It looks like the better margin on a non-GAAP basis kind of offset a little bit weaker revenue. And then the deconversion fees looks like it'd be about $0.20 hit EPS, but you only took down the midpoint by $0.11. So just curious that our tax rate or anything goes in line or anything else that drives that kind of smaller EPS asset.
John Davis: Okay, thanks. And then the second half implied guide is a little very modest step up implies growth a little over 7%. Any callouts, Mimi, 3Q versus 4Q, should be relatively consistent. Just trying to think about cadence of revenue growth in the back half of the year.
John Davis: Yes, so from a sales perspective, we're starting to really see some nice wins, a little bit slower than we had hoped to kind of start out the first few months, but we're starting to pick that up. We're also through the integration efforts that we've been doing, we're able to sell some separate modules. So some of those components that we bought from Payrailz, we can actually sell into our existing iPay business. So the open loop P2P that we mentioned the A to A components and even the fraud module, we're able to sell. So we're starting to get that geared up, we're completing some integration. So we're pretty bullish that we're going to have an opportunity to continue to sell into the iPay space as well as what we have in the prospect list for the Payrailz customers pre acquisition and post.
