David Foss: Thank you, Vance. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report another strong quarter of revenue and operating income growth. As always, I'd like to begin today by thanking our associates for all the hard work and commitment that went into producing those results for the quarter. For the second quarter of fiscal 2024, total revenue increased by 8% on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Operating income increased 11% for the quarter and increased 14% on a non-GAAP basis. Turning to the segments. We again had a solid quarter in the core segment of our business. Revenue was up by 8% for the quarter on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Our payments segment also performed well, posting a 6% increase in revenue this quarter on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. We had another strong quarter in our complementary solutions businesses, with a 7% increase in revenue this quarter and a 9% increase on a non-GAAP basis.  As I mentioned in the press release, our sales teams again had an outstanding quarter with a number of notable wins. In fact, this was the best second quarter ever for sales bookings and second highest sales quarter in our history, trailing only our June quarter last year. In the second quarter, we inked 14 competitive core takeaways with four of them being multibillion-dollar institutions. Additionally, we signed 12 deals to move existing in-house core clients to our private cloud environment. We continue to see success with our card processing solutions, signing 12 new card processing clients this quarter. We also continue to see strong success signing clients to our Banno digital suite with 135 new contracts in Q2, including 56 contracts for our new Banno business offering. We also surpassed 11 million registered users on the Banno platform, which is a 25% increase over a year ago. I mentioned last quarter that our sales pipeline was at the highest level ever. It's logical to assume that it would be depleted after such a strong sales quarter in Q2. And However, we continue to add to our pipeline, and we ended the quarter on par with Q1, which projects very well for us for the remainder of the sales year. In late January, Cornerstone Advisors published the results of its annual survey of bank and credit union executives. According to that study, nearly 65% of banks and 75% of credit unions expect to increase their technology spending in 2024. This correlates with information we've seen from other sources, including bank director's technology survey last fall, in which a large majority of survey respondents said their bank's technology budget increased over the past year at a median rate of 10%. We are in the midst of conducting our annual Jack Henry strategic benchmark study and we'll share those results on our earnings call in May. We were pleased to have recently received two national workplace awards Newsweek's greatest Workplaces for Diversity and Computer World's Best Places to Work in IT. We also were named as one of America's most responsible companies by Newsweek for our corporate sustainability efforts. We are very proud of that recognition because we view corporate sustainability as a strategic investment for our stakeholders. I encourage you to read our 2024 sustainability report which will be published on March 29 on the Investor page at jackhenry.com. As you all know by now, a couple of weeks ago, I will retire from my current role on June 30 of this year. Greg Adelson will become CEO and President beginning July 1, and I will serve as Executive Board Chair effective on that same day. This transition plan has been carefully considered for some time and we are fortunate to have someone like Greg ready to step into the CEO role. As I said in the press release, it has been my immense pleasure to serve as CEO of this wonderful company for so many years. When I came into this role almost eight years ago, I had a number of large projects I wanted to address, and I'm happy that all of them have now been completed or are well on their way. I'm confident that Greg and the outstanding team we have in place today can continue our trajectory of strong growth, and I'm looking forward to working with them in my new role as Executive Board Chair. Of course, I'll be on the May earnings call, and I have a number of investor meetings scheduled between now and the end of our fiscal year. So, I look forward to speaking with many of you in the coming months. As we focus on the second half of this fiscal year, our sales pipeline is very robust, and we continue to be optimistic about the strength of our technology solutions, our ability to deliver outstanding service to our clients, our ability to expand client relationships, the spending environment and our long-term prospects for success. With that, I'll turn it over to Greg for an operational update.
David Foss: Sure. Thanks, JD. So, as I've said previously, it's amazing. We're 47 years into our run as a core provider and yet core continues to be a really strong driver. I just quoted to you 14 wins in the quarter. four of them, multibillion-dollar banks. That definitely leads the industry by far as compared to anybody else in the industry. So, core is still a key driver for us. But then oftentimes tied to the core, but sometimes not, and we have these other best-of-breed solutions, and we talked about many of them on the call before Banno. The retail Banno solution has been a key driver for us. Well, now we have Banno business in the equation. And you heard me quote the 56 contracts that were just signed in this quarter for Banno business, there is a real demand for a solution like that modern digital brand-new digital banking solution like that for small and leading business clients. I've talked in the past about our treasury solution. Again, a modern digital treasury solution for large commercial clients. So of course, it's not the bank that uses that. They're a large commercial customer that uses that hasn't been a brand-new ground-up treasury solution and certainly no digital-first treasury solution written in many, many years. So that continues to be a driver for us. Fraud, Financial Crimes Defender, Greg just quoted the numbers to you as far as Financial Crimes Defender. We have seven live, but we have a whole bunch of them now in the backlog because it's a brand-new ground-up developed fraud solution to deal with fraud in today's environment. And so, it's many of those things. And the thing -- the correlation, I think you need to make is every one of those that I just talked about has been written brand new in the last two years, five years by Jack Henry. So, these are not things that we acquired that we had to try and figure out how to make them modern. These are things that Jack Henry has innovated we paid a lot to do the development work. But when you get done with that, you have something that is a best-of-breed solution centered around digital, many of them centered around a public cloud, and there is a huge demand today for those types of offerings. And so, I don't see this slowing down at all. We're really well positioned today, and we're continuing to innovate as a key technology provider in our space.
David Foss: So, do you want me to start with that one or do you want to? So, I'll start and then Greg will chime in here because this has been a -- as I'm sure you can imagine, a big topic of conversation for months around Jack Henry and lots of opportunities for us -- so on the per site. So. One thing I should be clear about. So traditional AI, it's a machine learning and robotic cross automation, Jack Henry has been in that business for years. So traditionally, we've been doing that for a long time. Generative AI, which is specific to your question, Nick, lots of opportunities there on the development side. The trick on the development side is our primary value is through our IP, right, our intellectual property. And so, when you're using generative AI to write code, you have to be really, really careful that nothing that you're doing becomes part of the public domain. And so, we're being very careful about what are we doing and how are we doing it, but we are active today with our development teams using generative AI, you pointed out customer service offering. So that is an area that we're focused on internally, and I'll let Greg touch on that. But we also rolled out at our client conference in October, a generative AI offering for our customers to serve their customers and that was well received at our client conference here in the fall. And then if you think about all the processes that we do within Jack Henry that have are not customer service and are not software development, just automating things we do within the company is another big area of focus.  And I'll let Greg add his thoughts.
David Foss: Sure, Jason. I wouldn't say that there's a significant notable change in the composition of the pipeline. It's -- we have a number of core deals. So again, we just signed 14 -- or announced 14 deals here. That is not slowing down. I would say that the size of those core opportunities, meaning the size of the institution, has gone up and is continuing to go up. So, we're being recognized among the larger community and regional bank space as being a real player. And so, I think the overall size of the institutions bank and credit union has gone up. But then if you look at the rest of the mix, most of it are the things that I highlighted when I was kind of going through with JD, the hot topics today, what's driving that success. It's this all this brand-new technology that we have -- that we're offering today. So, two years ago, almost nothing of those except Banno was on the list. But now all these things have been rolled out in the last couple of years, and they are dominating the sales process today because they're brand-new technology, people have been hungry for these things, a Banno fraud solution that uses AI, I mean everybody is dying for that type of technology. And so here we are, we've just gone live with Financial Crimes Defender. And so much of it is because of these brand-new things that have been rolled out in the last year or two or three that's what's dominating a lot of the sales conversations today, and that's what's driving a lot of the strength in the pipeline because you look at what's happening with our competitors in the space, there's really nothing innovative that's been coming out in the last couple of years. And here, Jack Henry has a long list of brand-new innovative solutions.
David Foss: Yes, I'd say no change at all. There's we compete against the traditional players. We've competed against the traditional players forever. There have been upstarts, trying to either come into the U.S. internationally or start from scratch, and none of those are really even showing up in RFPs with the exception of once or twice a year. So, I wouldn't say there's any change of any kind on the core side as far as the competitive landscape.
David Foss: Yes. So, I'll start, but I'll ask Greg is a lot closer to the details as far as where we are today. So, from my perspective, this has been a wildly successful initiative for Jack Henry. And at the time, I've been in this business a long time. And the idea of bringing three companies together to deliver a solution that's going to replace two different platforms all to one platform was a very, very big daunting project. But now looking back on it, it's been incredibly successful for our company as far as hitting the targets that we expected to hit financially for Jack Henry as far as the sales opportunities that it's created, which have been very significant over the past few years. So, I look back on that project as a really significant success. Now the thing I will emphasize before I ask Greg to chime in here, I said all along, you are not going to see the credit card side of this business become anywhere close to what the debit cards had side is we were doing. We were focused on the credit card side because we had certain customers who said, we want to process both debit and credit with the same provider, and we want to make sure that we have that option for them. And so, I'll ask Greg just kind of talk about where we are today.
David Foss: Yes, 11 million. Yes, we surpassed 11 million at the end of the quarter, so I quoted that 11 million. And so no, there's nothing -- I think part of what happened here is I quoted the number for the Banno business wins. And then beyond Banno business with the regular Banno platform, that number was up. I think the reason for that is because there were people out there waiting for Banno business before they would also sign to go at the regular Banno platform, which includes retail. And so that's the significant point now that Banno business is in market generally available, we had customers who said, "Okay, I've been holding off because I want to do both at the same time, both Banno business and regular Banno." That would be the only callout that I would have as far as the size of the wins.
David Foss: Well, it's a pretty predictable number. Every year, it's somewhere around 100 deals in total that happened per year as far as somebody leaving whoever is their current provider and going to a different provider. That's not, hey, I'm staying with my same provider and switching to another system. It is going to a different provider. Normally, about 100 deals a year is a good number to use on average.
David Foss: Yes. On the core side, we have very accurate predictability. We have -- we go through this monthly the chart as far as the core conversions that are slotted, whether it's a new core customer coming in, it's a customer moving from in-house to our private cloud environment. Or if it's a customer who's acquiring another institution, and we're merging them in. We have all those things. We have great dashboard tools that we use at Jack Henry. So, it's very predictable for us.
David Foss: The other thing I'll add to this, Cris, it's important to keep in mind, there are components that will be offered now. This is not an apples-to-apples comparison of the old core versus new core. The way we used to think of core and now it's just the same thing, it's not a different platform. There are components that we'll be offering with this that nobody has ever offered before. And Greg alluded earlier to Data Broker. That has not been an offering. That has not been a thing as far as the industry is concerned. That's brand-new opportunity, brand-new revenue. It's part of the core offering, if you will, in the future, but there are several other examples like that, that create revenue upside opportunity, but it's not -- you just have to think about it differently than the way we've thought previously about converting a core from one platform to another.
David Foss: Yes, Andrew, I don't think there's anything notable. Again, with only 100 deals happening per year, we're in the 50 to 55 or have been down for a while, 50 to 55. So, we're winning more than half of those opportunities per year. I don't know that there's anything -- getting to 60 is a big deal for us. But from a percentage basis, that doesn't look real huge. So, I don't think I would call out anything as being significant. Our challenge and our job is to make sure we maintain that rate because, as I said before, we are by far leading the industry. And as long as we maintain that rate, that bodes well for us as far as our algorithm -- forward-looking algorithm of revenue growth and so on. So, nothing significantly notable there.
David Foss: Yes. It's an interesting question, an interesting topic, frankly. I've been doing this for a long time and kind of listening to and talking to all the financial institutions that we talk to, they all want to get there. They're all trying to figure out how do we get there. They just -- many of them are not quite sure how to get there. And with the regulatory environment that we live in, regulators are not saying, "Hey, we think you should go do this." So, there's a lot of walk before you run happening where people -- and that's part of where our Jack Henry platform strategy really, really positions us well because our strategy allows people to do is adopt a modularized approach. I'm going to do wires in the public cloud and kind of see how that goes and make sure I don't have a regulator knock on my door and say, "What are you guys doing?" So, they can kind of ease into the public cloud environment. But we have several of our noncore solutions today, fully public cloud. Savanna was there, Financial Crimes Defender, some that we've talked about today. But as far as the core functionality, this whole strategy allows people to walk before they run, and that is appealing to a lot of folks that we're talking to. And so, we think that's going to help with the question that you're asking.
David Foss: No, that's a great insightful question. So, we do that on a regular basis. So, we meet with the team on a monthly basis based on installation queues. So, we do look at what the time is to do an implementation for a particular product. Can we add resources that will add value in getting those -- that revenue on the -- into the company faster? So, to your point, we do that on a regular basis for all of our products.
David Foss: So, you know well, you followed us for a long time, James. You know well, how much we love to love to be involved in deals and we love to do deals. I will just tell you, we don't have a single deal sitting for review right now at Jack Henry. It's there's still a slow, slow time. There are certainly companies out there that we'd be interested in, but not a single deal on the table right now.
David Foss: Yes, it's really a timing thing based on the client themselves. Honestly, an implementation of Banno business is less than 60 days. So, some of those are tied to core deals. Some of those are tied to other product implementations. So really, it's dependent more on the client than it is on Jack Henry. And kind of back to the question earlier, that James had related to that. So, some of that is really -- we try to push the clients along, but it's not necessarily a Jack Henry lag as it is waiting for the client. So -- but it's 60 days or less if they're ready to go.
David Foss: Yes, absolutely. No. We have a lot of competitive takeaways from the other providers. There are some opportunities within both the core base. We've talked about taking it outside of the Jack Henry core base and where we're going with that. But right now, there's probably an equal mix of opportunities from a handful of the larger digital banking providers today that we're winning some deals from and as well as our existing core base.
Mimi Carsley: Great question. I think premature to see the timing and the impact as to when to whether that hits 2024 or 2025. that I would say certainly, our historical norm range of 80% to 100% is where we believe we would revert back to. It just depends on the timing.
Mimi Carsley: Yes. So, we manage the business on a full year basis, JD. And so, as we think about it, we're pleased to have the additional margin expansion in the guide that we provided yesterday and today. Just in terms of the actual timing and seasonality of it, it just depends on when certain events like personnel-related costs, licensing costs in any particular quarter from a climb over perspective. As you know, our first quarter is usually the highest margin of our year. And then typically, the endpoints are less or so. So, I wouldn't say read anything more into the seasonality, and we're just basing it on a full year guide.
Mimi Carsley: Thanks, Nick, for the question. So, I would really point to you on the card within card within payments, the processing related. So that's the reoccurring nature of within that segment, and that grew strongly at 8%. And so that is an indicator of the overall success of that segment and our ability to get back to what we view from the growth algorithm, the prospects for that segment. So, I would say some of the non-processing related, the pass-through of the card production is more temporary and expect that the processing engine will continue to drive the strong growth
Mimi Carsley: Yes, I think that's fair to say. And I think if anything, we're reiterating the guide, but there's probably a little bit of upside there, even without legislative change.
Mimi Carsley: Yes. I wanted to say that it had a significant impact. That was a one-time charge related to kind of severance and the program. As we said, we didn't do it for kind of in-year savings. This wasn't a sneaky kind of design risk plan. This was a very talent-focused plan to ensure that we had the type of talent for the future needs of the organization. And in fact, the majority of those roles have been backfilled with rising talent in the organization, some at lower levels in the organization as we zero-base budget every position the majority of those roles have been filled. So, I wouldn't say it was a significant reason for the margin expansion or the expense savings this quarter.
Mimi Carsley: Good question, Vasu. I think generally, the tightening was more so based on our confidence as we're now halfway through the year with strong results in already banked in the ability to really center around that guide. So, I think it's more that than thinking about the top end coming down, just feeling more and more confident about that midpoint. We still have a second half to do here and a decent amount of growth that we have anticipated in our plans, especially in Q3 and Q4 around processing around card, around our payments business. So too early yet to say it's going to be higher than that, but very confident in our ability to deliver.
Mimi Carsley: Kartik, if I can add on. The only add-on I would say, is we look at that on an annual basis. So, in any one quarter, depending on prior year, the comp of the size of the organization that was being implemented or migrated versus this year, the size of an organization still feels confident in that number, but it can vary quarter-to-quarter depending on just the roster of slots and the profile of those customers. So that's the only color I would add.
Mimi Carsley: Yes. I think a couple of things that are coming in. One is just the certainty of the results that we have year-to-date. The other is, as we lowered the tax rate as part of the guide, that helps from a cash flow as well. So, there's just a couple of small components as we fine-tune the free cash flow forecast for the remainder of the year that makes me feel comfortable about there being upside there.
Mimi Carsley: So, on the EPS, I would say it's about $0.01 or $0.02 for operational. And then the remaining split is about 50-50 is the difference in the tax rate plus interest -- net interest income that we're earning based on higher interest rates.
Mimi Carsley: Yes. I would say, overall, our volume transaction nears Visa and Mastercard domestic, pretty similarly, we did see the same experiences that they have talked about publicly about January weather and who knows right now is all the rains in California of that. But what we saw typically by the end of January with some rebounding from those very temporary lows.
Mimi Carsley: Yes. Let me look further into it, but I have nothing that comes to mind. It should be more of a flow-through because we're keeping the deconversion guide for the full year at 16%. So, there's not much that's changing there. So, you should see a similar pattern non-GAAP and GAAP.
Mimi Carsley: So, Dom, I would say a couple of things this quarter and that will also impact the full year and therefore, the guide. 2 things. One is the -- not just the timing of the Connect conference, but the Connect conference was even more successful than last year. So, from a profitability perspective, that helped for margins and expenses being lower. The other is the decision we made around a onetime change in the change in timing of our merit for our associate population. And so that also helps from a straight through to the bottom line from an expense perspective. But as always, and with consistency, we not only zero-based budget, but we look and think about the investments, the amount of spend going to our top projects and top products, the amount from a capitalization in R&D. You saw the consistency of the 14% of R&D spend. So, we're always thinking about how to invest for our future, thinking about what those business plans look like and what that ROI looks like and the bandwidth of the organization. So, I think there'll be more consistency from a spending towards future that you've seen in the past. And I think some of the margin expansion was just due to a heightened focus on cost control, and that some of the changes that we've made from the merit timing.
Greg Adelson: Yes. No, I think -- I mean, I think the other thing I would add is that we're also making sure we have strong governance around what we do. And so, we're taking a lot of time to make sure that we're evaluating. We're partnering with Google and a couple of other folks that we have some solutions with to kind of test some models. We're using opportunities here, not only in the contact center, as David mentioned, but also in a couple of other products. I did mention the AI assist kind of module that we would use in some of our data analysis that we call executive dashboard for the C-suite folks. And so, there are several opportunities that we're still evaluating. But again, we want to make sure that we get this right and that we're building it with the right guardrails and things along that line. But you'll continue to hear more about where we're going with that in the coming months.
Greg Adelson: Yes, specifically on the credit card. So, we -- roughly between full-service card, agent card in-house card. We have roughly over institutions. And so -- and I think part of the challenge is some of the smaller institutions which is why we came out with an agent program was they really didn't want to go in with the full service just based on resources and some of the risk and things like that. So, I think we have done -- the team continues to sell it. We continue to have the number of deals come in just not to the same level as debit continues to grow. But also, we're continuing to add feature functionality to the services. As Dave mentioned, it is a tri-party relationship, and we continue to work with the other two parties to make sure that we stay innovative and ahead of the game. So, the relationship has actually gone well, which has actually contributed to the fact that the growth has been significant as well. So, both from a service side and a transaction processing side.
Greg Adelson: Yes. So, I think one thing that just to make sure that we clarify. So, you have to have Banno Retail to have Banno business. So, one of the things that Dave was just alluding to is that some of the folks who are waiting to get Banno business -- or Banno retail is because they're waiting on Banno business and they wanted them at the same time. You can buy Banno retail without buying Banno business, but you have to have retail to get the business side. So back to the 2x comment, I don't think it's a 2x component. It is an additive component to ensuring that, one, that we get the retail and we continue to add fee structures to that based on how we model that. But I wouldn't call it a 2x.
Greg Adelson: Yes, I think it's -- you have to think about it differently than the private cloud transition because that was truly pulling, as Dave has alluded to many times, pulling a customer out and it was typically a 2x kind of thing. I don't think that when you look at the tech modernization because depending on the number of components that are purchased and really the advent of the timing of some of that, it isn't a take everything we have today and move it over. So, it isn't that same level of, I think, revenue growth. But the part that is exciting for us is the ability to take these components drive again, an additional wedge into the relationship and create that opportunity for larger customers or smaller customers to dip their toe into the public cloud. And as Dave has said many, many times, I mean, there's a lot of our customers that aren't ready to do this. There are some that are already and part of our beta process today. So that's going to be a constant evaluation of the timing of when that big hit comes. But we do know that it's coming based on the feedback that we're getting from some of the larger institutions that we've been speaking to because they're more apt to do this sooner than later. And so just continued growth in that path. But there's still some time to be taken before we can give much certainty or what I would say, certainty on some of the revenue parts of this.
Greg Adelson: Yes. And I think 1 thing I do want to add is that we'll get to a point where we talk about platform as really the driver of what sits on that platform. So, data broker or executive dashboard or open banking solutions, other things, like we already mentioned, Defender, Banno, all those components are all going to sit on the platform and will drive additional revenue.
Greg Adelson: Some of it, James, is also tied to just the timing of the -- like Dave just mentioned a lot of sales. So, some of it is the timing of that as well.
Greg Adelson: And I think it just starts with a culture that we've built for 47 years here, and it's a very collaborative approach. We work very tightly together. And between my time with Dave, I've done a lot of -- I was heavily involved in the card work that happened years ago. Obviously, if some of the M&A that we've done in the Payments group when I led the payments group. And just I think from a philosophy standpoint, Dave and I are very much aligned on how we look at things, how we evaluate what we do for our three pillars of success that we always talk about our associates, clients and shareholders. And so, I don't think you're going to see very much change at all. A lot of the same level of consistency on how we think and operate there'll be some nuances and opportunities where some things that I have in my background and what Dave had in his background, so I'm hoping that those will all be things that we can add to. But the reality is that I spent 13 years at this company, and all 13 have been working for Dave directly. So, I would say there's a lot of consistency that you should look forward to.
Greg Adelson: And I think it's fair to say there is no such thing as a greenfield opportunity at any point. So, everybody has something. We're displacing something every single time.
Dominick Gabriele: Thanks for everything, Dave, and looking forward to working with you, Greg. I guess we've been talking to investors in your quarter since the management team change announcement. And Greg, talk about what you've learned under Dave and being a part of the Jack Henry team over the years that should give investors’ confidence that the new management team, including Mimi, who's done a great job, obviously, since her start, we'll continue executing with the same consistency in the years to come.
Dominick Gabriele: It looks like from what I saw that the range was a little higher in -- on the growth in non-GAAP revenue, but then you took down the high end of the GAAP revenue, maybe I don't have that right, but I.
Dominick Gabriele: Excellent. That's what I would have thought. Okay. Perfect. And then maybe just one last one. If you guys could just talk to us about your business investment strategy in terms of expense dollar allocation as you look forward. We've obviously -- at least versus my model, the expenses were much better than what I was expecting for the quarter. And I know there's some seasonality, but talk about the expense investment versus accelerating revenue strategy.
