Kevin Williams: Thanks, Stephanie. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Jack and Associates third quarter fiscal 2020 earnings call. I’m Kevin Williams, CFO and Treasurer and on the call with me today is David Foss, our President and CEO. In just a minute, I will turn the call over to Dave to provide some of his thoughts about the state of our business and performance for the quarter and as well some comments about response related to the impacts of COVID-19. And then after that I’ll provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release, we put out yesterday after market closed and provide comments regarding the guidance Q4 and full year FY20 provided in the release and then we’ll open the lines up for questions and answer. First, I need to remind you this call includes certain forward-looking statements including remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these Risk Factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday’s press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and forward-looking statements. On this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures including non-GAAP revenue and non-GAAP operating income. The reconciliation for historical non-GAAP financial measures can be found in yesterday’s press release. With that I will now turn the call over to Dave.
Kevin Williams: Yes to Dave’s point, I mean we came out of that one in 2009, 2010 pretty much unscathed and that was a financial crisis. So I mean obviously there’s going to be some issues with the financial industry coming out of this. But obviously the good thing as Dave said, most financial institute went in this very well capitalized with strong balance sheets and they seemed to be still in a pretty good place.
Kevin Williams: And Dan for some invitations I mean we still are sending people on site which is one of the nice things about having our own corporate planes, so we can safely take our employees to the facilities and work for the banks through a safe distancing relationship and also we have always done a lot of classroom training virtually which we’re doing that, we’ve got several classroom set up with multiple monitors to do training, so that was already in place. The nice thing about this - we were already 27% of our employees were working remote anyway and probably another 25% to 30% work from home at some point during the week. This was a pretty easy adaption for us to get to where we are today.
Kevin Williams: The primary drive we’re seeing and what we’re projecting in Q4 is, as we did see a slowdown in our debit card usage in the last half of March, even though we still had strong payments go through the quarter and so we continue to see that slower debit usage in April and like I said in opening comments. We are assuming and predicting that we will see some rebound in June as the country opens back up that is the primary drag on the revenue growth in Q4.
Kevin Williams: I think it’s a little different now to look at our financials compared to what you saw back in the financial crisis and the difference is, ASC 606 because remember we’re now under different rev rec rules than we were back then, so when we were able to start delivering software and little quicker back then which obviously we don’t deliver a whole lot software now. So you’re not going to see a sudden rebound. However we’ve been under ASC 606 for two years now and we will be by the end of this fiscal year. So now you kind of see the fluctuations created in our financials the last couple of years which Q1 is typically the high quarter now because of all the software usage and subscription revenue that has to be recognized at the beginning of the year which that grows every year as we continue to sell those throughout the year. And then it kind of tapers off throughout the year from Q1 to Q4 which is kind of opposite from the way it used to be. So I think as I said in opening comments with recurring revenue being 88% of our total revenue. We still have a solid backlog. Through Q1 our sales bookings were still up 12% over last year. As Dave pointed out in his opening comments, we actually exceeded quarter for April. So do we anticipate some headwinds on sales, yes. But having said all that, I feel really good going into FY 2021 at this point.
Kevin Williams: And then other thing, I would like to add David obviously as Dave pointed out in his opening comments. We signed 11 additional existing core customers to move from in to out. I think COVID-19 is going to continue if not accelerate that trend somewhat and I think our Hosted Network Services offering will probably grow even faster than it was because I think some of FI’s are realizing that they really don’t want to have to mess with any of the technology than rather us do it. Again that’s prediction on my part. It’s too early to tell, but I have to believe that, that is going to be part of this whole conversation in FY 2021 going forward.
Kevin Williams: I mean obviously we’re in a very good capital position. As Dave pointed out, we’ve paid dividends for 119 straight quarters. I don’t see us breaking that strength. We have a board meeting next week so at that point we’ll probably be announcing another dividend and of course that’s up to the board, not to me. So dividend is a priority. But you’re absolutely right. We continue to talk to bankers about potential M&A activity out there and we think that there will be some better opportunities later in this calendar year and into next calendar year. In fact, emails from three different bankers this margining. Wanted to call us to talk about potential deals and things, so obviously number priority is continue to look at those acquisitions that give our shareholders a continued strong return. We will continue to increase dividends and we’ll continue to look at buying stock back. I think under the circumstances right now I don’t know that would be viewed. It’s extremely well for us with buying back stock but obviously if there was dip in our stock price, we would probably jump in with both feet.
Kevin Williams: So and again and we’re just working on budgeting quarters at this point, Kartik. So non-GAAP margins in Q1 should be slightly better because of all the software usage and software subscription revenue that gets recognized with very little cost in the first quarter which should be enough to offset the increased cost for the payments migration. After we do the migrations in Q1, we should get some relief I’m not sure exactly right now what that relief will be off the payments migration as we’re able to start shutting some things down. So Q2 you might see a - basically a flat, Q3 we’ll continue to do a little bit because the continued pressure from migration and then we should see a nice pop in margins in Q4, so again we’re still on early budget stages. So what I’m hoping for Kartik is that margins for next fiscal year are at least equal to this year. But again, really too early for me to even make that prediction.
Kevin Williams: Right now Kartik we’re at 61% of our core customers are currently in our private cloud. So almost 40% of our close to 1,900 core customers are still in-house that has the opportunity to move over. And as far as revenue contribution, in any given quarter a year. I mean if you go back to the last eight or 10 years, I mean we’ve averaged about 45 to 50 a year. But the revenue contribution in any given year can be so significantly different. Based on the size of the institutions that we move in any given quarter or a year.
Kevin Williams: So for the entire quarter, is it going to some growth? Yes JD but it’s going to be back end loaded in the quarter because April we continue to see some headwinds from lack of usages people were staying at home. I think as now we’re seeing countries partly opened up again so it’s pretty early to tell. But I think we’re going to see some increase in May and then hopefully a decent rebound in June. But it’s not going to be much growth over last year’s number.
Kevin Williams: Part of it is, digital. So digital is in that bucket and certainly a big chunk of that was our continued implementation of digital solutions, our treasury management solutions, some of things that we’ve talked about here recently online commercial lending, so a number of those things are in that bucket and we had a strong quarter in all of those areas. Will it be as strong next quarter? I don’t know that I can say that, but it certainly is an area of growth for us and it’s particularly strong area of focus for our customers. So I think you can assume that segment will continue for well.
Kevin Williams: The other thing I’d point out JD is, obviously back in 2009 which was obviously different times and different circumstances but it was still kind of hailstorm that the financial institutions are going through today. And I would say in 2009 our core system evaluations actually increased from what they were before the financial crisis started. We did have a lag in some of our accounts - many products. But I don’t think we can see that this time because of the increased demand for digital and some of the other things that they mentioned like commercial lending. So I think we continue to be in a very good position to face these challenges going forward.
Kevin Williams: Pete, the education conferences we have the big ones for credit unions and then for the JC for bank and ProfitStars. I mean those are truly educational conferences. Is there some sales opportunities from all those? Yes, they serve quite a few leads, typically yes. But those are truly educational conferences and if we do that to go virtual, we’ll still do large education portions of that, for people who want to sign up because that’s what we want to do, to make sure that our customers continue to learn how to better use our products and make their institutions more efficient.
Kevin Williams: I mean you can look at just the segments and yes, the both GAAP and non-GAAP went up through the quarter on margins for payments and complementary and obviously the big driver that is to continued growth and into outlook [ph] like I said in my opening comments. Our hosted and cloud services was up 18%, this quarter over a year ago and that’s still double digits. I think on a non-GAAP basis we’re still like 12% or 13% for the year. So that’s been the same for the last three or four years. I don’t see that changing going forward or even into next year. Complementary continues to be driven by a lot of our private cloud products like digital and other things. But lot of other products that are added into our private cloud core customer. So both of those segments grew nicely and essentially offset the decrease and margins in the payments segment.
Kevin Williams: And the other thing remember Brett, I mean net interest margins actually went I mean they’re essentially back to where they were three years ago and they weather that storm by figuring out a way to get non-interest fee income and different thing, so I mean it’s basically pulled off a play book that they were using three years ago.
Kevin Williams: Thanks Stephanie. Thanks for joining us today. Again we’re very pleased with results from our ongoing operations and the efforts of all of our associates to take care of our customers. Our executives, managers and all of our associates continue to focus knew what’s best for our customers and shareholders. Again, thanks for joining us today and with that, I’d like for Stephanie please provide the replay number.
Dave Foss: Good morning, Dan. It’s Dave. So good question, obviously probably not a surprise to you. We’ve been talking to a lot of our customers here in the past several weeks. Talked to few CEOs just in the past three, four days and I think the consistent feedback from them is. So first out, this crisis that we’re in right now was caused by a health crisis not by a financial crisis. Obviously, it’s created ramifications throughout US economy, but the bankers and credit unions that we work with and the CEOs that I’m talking to have emphasized over and over again that the health of the institutions was really very solid before this came on. So they’re well capitalized, their credit quality is high and plenty of liquidity in, so they’re feeling generally pretty strong about the opportunity in the future lending forward. For those who chose to participate in the PPP program they were being paid by the SBA to process those loans. So there’s an income stream for them there and that’s helping for some institutions some have been very successful in the PPP program and so they feel strongly about the fact that they’re not only helping small business and helping save main street by being administrators of that program and working with small business to help them out. But there is the benefit that there’s some revenue coming in to the financial institutions that helps that dissipates in PPP. So generally everybody is concerned about what future looks like here and when do things “return to normal”. Generally they’re pretty upbeat that they can weather this storm and yes, they’ll have to be able to some businesses that maybe troubled and they may have some mortgage payments that they’re going to have to accept the idea of delaying a mortgage payment and so on. But they’re generally pretty positive about the future and I think it’s because they recognize that although this is turning into a financial crisis. It wasn’t caused by banks like the one that we went through 12, 13 years ago.
Dave Foss: Sure, yes. It’s been fun and exciting and kind of remarkable frankly to see the implementation teams shift gears into a new mode of delivery so a lot of the solutions that we deliver were already delivered virtually and we do training online, we do training. We weren’t using a whole to of video to do training before, we are now as people have become much more comfortable with video technology. But we did a lot of implementations remote previously and now many of our teams have adapted the way they do implementations, adapted the way they do training, taking advantage of virtual tools like video to do training. So it really hasn’t interrupted as I mentioned in my opening comments, it hasn’t interrupted our implementation pipeline much at all. In fact I think it was two weekends ago, we did three core conversions on that same weekend. It was either two or three weekends ago and we’re installing Banno Digital suite has always been installed virtual, not always but for year or so has been installed as a virtual install. So the teams have adapted and we’re delivering things differently. There are some customers who aren’t 100% comfortable all the time. They want somebody there to hold their hands and so you know we kind of work through that. But most of our solutions now we’re in a position to implement virtually.
Dave Foss: I think a key point to remember there is, when we signed a new core customer, we don’t see any of that revenue for months after that customer is signed and then once we do start to see revenue, it’s layered in as opposed to getting a pop in that revenue. So and that’s core. Now many of our other solutions are maybe a little shorter implementation timeline, but it is rare for us to sell - we’re not sell and bill kind of company normally. We’re sell and put in the backlog and it gets rolled out and the revenue gets layered in. so that’s part of the predictability of the model.
Dave Foss: That’s a good question, Dave and definitely I think you’re on the right track there so the things that we’re seeing right now. It was interesting as the whole COVID-19 thing was coming into play here. So I think back to the beginning of March and then to mid-March there was a lot of speculation that people would immediately try to upgrade their digital presence. Well in fact, the reaction was kind of opposite. I don’t want to mess with anything right now. My consumers are all changing their behavior. I just want to leave things alone right now. But now that, that’s settled in, we have a lot of customers realizing that for them to be successful going forward they do have to seriously look at upgrading their digital presence and that’s not just, what we used to call mobile banking, it’s the entire digital banking suite including opening accounts online and so on. So we definitely are seeing a shift in interest to shift in conversation about that as people are thinking about the future and trying to make sure they’re positioned well for the future. And I think there will be more things. Online commercial lending and we’ve talked many times in these calls about the outstanding technology we developed for commercial lending online. We had signed number of banks and some credit unions for that technology. But many of them still view commercial lending as oppose to consumer retail lending. Commercial lending they view it as that, function where somebody has to come into the branch. You can’t possibly do a commercial loan without looking that person in the eye. Well now today guess what, they’re doing lot of commercial lending over the - digitally. And so we have a number of customers looking at upgrading that piece of technology as well. So I think you’re absolutely spot on as we look for the future. Digital will be much more of a topic than it has been.
Dave Foss: Thanks Kartik. Essentially when you go from in-house to outsourcing the revenues to Jack Henry is doubled because we’re taking on all the processing responsibility for that customer. I think you could probably figure out that our cost aren’t doubled because we rolled them into an existing infrastructure, so revenue essentially doubles. And usually when we sign a customer go from in-house to host our private cloud environment usually, they also take on other products at the same time. So there’s this add-on effect of them adding products those decisions are easier for them in that environment because there isn’t a capital outlay that usually that decision to add a product doesn’t need to go to the board for approval, they can just add into their monthly fees, so they’re usually pretty comfortable talking about adding things that they wanted to add for a long time. So that move has definitely been a key driver for us in the past and will continue to be for quite some time, even if we speed up the rate of migrations here and we have many, many orders of customer activity in that area before that runs out. So lots of runway up.
Dave Foss: I think one important thing to keep in mind here. So that’s focused on our debit business, our card processing business. There are three aspects of our payments business and they include bill pay and our EPS, ACH origination plus Capture business. Both EPS and iPay, our Bill Pay business both are performing well. They did not see a big - they saw a dip for one week, that week in March where you know nobody knew what was going to happen tomorrow. But absent that one week, volumes continue to be up year-over-year. Those are part of the key payments infrastructure not lot of discretion in lot of that stuff, so those continue to be up year-over-year even though there’s this impact on the debit switch [ph]. I think that’s important to keep in mind that helps offset some of the potential challenge in the debit business.
Dave Foss: Actually I quoted five for the month of April. It’s first time that I ever quoted on an earnings call what’s happening in the current quarter, that we’re talking about, that I thought it was important for you all to know that, sales has really continued to perform well. But to your question, RFPs, we’ve had some RFPs come in, I think it’s logical for you to assume and for anybody to think the RFP volume has slowed down a little bit. But I will tell you that our pipeline has not dropped at all. So what that means is, as you’re booking deals, as deals are getting signed, going out the funnel. There are new opportunities coming in the funnel, so that we ended April with essentially the same size pipeline that we started April with even though the sales team exceeded their quota for the month of April. So I think that’s a good sign, but there are still activity out there. And as I mentioned we have a lot of bankers now that are starting to think more in terms of returning to focusing on the data. I won’t say they’re thinking about returning to normal because they still don’t know, what normal is. But they’re focused on the day-to-day and they’re thinking about things like digital and about Kevin mentioned our HNS, our Hosted Network Solutions service. Things that will help them with the efficiency, things that will help them with expense control. And there is a lot of talk about bankers now focusing on moving to a single source provider which is great news for Jack Henry because we have such a broad suite of solutions and so we believe that may help us pick up some business where customers maybe reusing a small third-party for one piece or 10 pieces of their solution set. Maybe they’ll bring one or two or three of those to us as they’re focused more on minimizing risk and working with a single source provider. So I think there are a lot of things happening right now that bode well for Jack Henry but we need a little more time under our belt here to really say with confidence that the sales process isn’t going to be negatively impacted.
Dave Foss: Yes, so it’s a good question. Actually I’m dressed up today for the first time in six weeks. I’ve actually got a sport coat on because as soon as we end this call. I’m going to go and record a virtual presentation for our first client conference since the pandemic struck. So what we’ve done, we normally host a client conference in April and one in May and the one in May of course normally leads up to the Analyst Conference that we tend to visit with all of you at. Both of them have been turned into a virtual conference and so we have - and these are smaller conference as oppose as to our large conferences at the end of the year. So I think I saw this morning, we have somewhere 400 attendees currently that are registered for this conference. So we’ll be doing that virtually continuing to share information with them virtually. We have the next - our normal, our big annual conferences would be in September and October. We’re still talking about what we’re going to do with those conferences. So will people be comfortable gathering in a large group for an industry conference in September and October, as I sit here right now. I don’t know, so that’s a big topic for us. And as you point out, those are good opportunities from plus on the sale side to share information about product and so on. So we’re doing lot of remote demonstrations today, that sales organization pretty quickly move toward focusing on remote demonstration back in March and so if we’re aren’t able to host large client conferences at the end of the year. I’m confident that we’ll be doing virtual conferences and included in those conferences will be opportunities for us to demonstrate solutions. The good news in all of that is, when you do a remote conference, you tend to get a lot more people sign up because there is no travel expense and so it may expose us to more eyeballs than we would in person. But we’re not at that point yet where we’re ready to make that decision.
Dave Foss: It’s a good question; I think that opportunity is still developing not only for us, but certainly for our customers. I think a lot of our customers aren’t exactly sure yet what the two depths of the opportunities is for them. But all of us, I think our customers and Jack Henry we view the real-time payments opportunity very differently from the Zelle opportunity. So Zelle, real-time P2P but as we’ve stressed many times on these calls. There’s not really much of money making opportunity when it comes to Zelle. It’s hard to make money on free [ph], right so. Zelle has not been in focus as far as the money making opportunity. For real-time payments there definitely is a money making opportunity there because not only will it be used for consumer payments, but we see it being used for commercial payments. So our expectation is, that it will definitely impact check volume because keep in mind today. Most of the paper check volume that’s out there is in business payment, so I think it will play a role when it comes check volume. I think it will play a role in displacing ACH transactions that are happening out there today. So that is an opportunity as far as we’re concerned. And then card maybe but I think it’s much more likely to replace ACH and current paper check as through real-time payments start to rollout.
Dave Foss: No I would say it’s all, there’s no difference between core and ProfitStars as far as sales success or what we’re seeing. So I emphasize the core deals that we’ve done in April just because I knew they would be on your [ph] all minds wondering whether that big revenue driver is totally stopped. But no ProfitStars performed really well in April and has continued and about the same pace.
Dave Foss: I’d say it’s fairly broad-based. I tend to talk to CEOs, banks and credits that are on the larger side of our base. So we’ll say our largest customers today run up in the $30 billion space and it’s rare for me to talk to a CEO of the financial institution that’s $250 million. It’s much more common for me to talk to somebody who is in the billion range and I think the consistent theme there is, what I emphasized earlier that they feel strongly that their balance sheet is strong, they’re well capitalized, they haven’t taken on risky loans. Yes, they have deals they’re going to work through with their customers. But the PPP program many of them have gotten into that in a big way and the PPP program includes a forgiveness component which we’ll be working on with a lot of our customers going forward. And they tend to know their customers and so they know that the - what their situation is and their ability to work through these things overtime. Now they can’t predict the future any better than you or I. But I think they’re generally, fairly optimistic that they’ll be able to weather this storm and be okay because they know about the strength of their balance sheet and the strength of their overall portfolio.
Dave Foss: The number of users went up for sure. I don’t have those numbers in front of me. But the number of active users went up significantly. The thing that was really startling to me was - we enter this period of pandemic and everybody is staying home and so the number of registered active user’s volume went up. Over the first couple of weeks there was about 40% increase in volume of transactions. The thing that caught me off guard thankfully our team was ready for it. When the stimulus check started to come out, so that Monday and April, whatever that Monday was. On that single day, we saw 63% spike in usage in people hitting their account as compared to the prior week and that week had been up, as I mentioned earlier over weeks prior to that. So what people were doing, was they go on and see if my stimulus check there yet, no. and then five minutes later, is my stimulus there, no. is my stimulus check there? Every five minutes they were hitting their accounts, so volumes just went through the roof. So it wasn’t that all of sudden there were a whole bunch of new active users. It was people just over and over checking to see if they had their stimulus check deposited, that’s all settled down now. But the true run rate per day is up like I say roughly 40% over what we saw before all of this started.
Dave Foss: You packed a lot into that question, Tim. So I may talk for about hour and half here to answer your question. Well I’ll try and do it in a concise manner. So first off, you’re right major players are spending a lot when it comes to technology and it’s been lot on digital. I would challenge your statement about us trying to position our banks to offer the same service as those banks that is not what we are doing. We have been very I think thoughtful in the way we designed our digital solutions to offer a competitive edge to our customers as compared to those solutions, in the functionality. The functionality is just different and I won’t go through all the puts and takes here, but I feel very strongly that we’ve created a better solution because we know that for our customers, for our banks and credit unions to differentiate against those players in a digital world when that whole aspect of walking into the branch and smiling face across the teller line is not there anymore. And the technology has to help you differentiate and we’ve done that with our solutions. So we believe strongly that we’ve delivered something that truly is a differentiator. Our customers I don’t know that we have customers who can say if you will on the loan growth side. We can point to the digital presence. I believe that’s there. But I don’t - and people are tracking as much as on the deposit growth side and we have number of customers who absolutely can point to the digital platform as providing new opportunities for them to grab customer growth and overall deposit growth through that channel. So there’s anecdotal evidence and you’ll see more and more press releases and marketing releases from us on those types of topics. As we continue to see more. One of our customers who is kind of power user of the Banno suite recently did a podcast with the ABA and emphasized how significant the opportunity has been for them. It’s a large about $25 billion, bank. I think $20 billion bank. They did a podcast with the ABA and this was a key part of their discussion. So this solution has differentiated them in this world of digital. So like I said, I can talk all day but that’s kind of the short answer to your question. As short as I can make it.
Dave Foss: So you’re right, many of them were active in M&A. in fact a little while I ago I referenced the fact that we did three core conversions on one weekend. One of those was a brand new quarter Jack Henry that was converted, but two of them were existing customers converting acquired institutions into their bank. And so our customers were definitely on the M&A track acquiring other institutions prior to COVID-19. I’ll be honest with you. I haven’t heard anybody one way or the other, say whether they thought this was going to provide an opportunity for them or if they were going to - this was really going to put them off of the idea of doing more M&A, have not had those conversations. Everything I’ve been talking to people about has been the future as far as their balance sheet and their interaction with their customers and that kind of thing. But I would expect that once recovery starts to happen. Those bankers will be out looking for acquisitions just like we are today actively looking for acquisitions. They’ll be looking to see if there are opportunities.
