Kevin Williams: Statements or responses to questions may be made in this conversation which are forward-looking or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those which we anticipate. Such factors are disclosed in our recent SEC filing. There can also be other factors not included but could potentially cause results to differ materially. We are pleased to host this call this morning to provide an overall company update and report on our financial results for our first fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2009. With me this morning are Jack Prim our CEO and Tony Wormington our President, who will provide opening comments regarding the state of the company and our quarterly financial performance. Then after our prepared comments, we will then open the call up for Q&A.  With that, I'll turn it over to Jack Prim.
Kevin Williams: Goldleaf is going to contribute about $48 million in revenue this year and EPF contribution will be $0.02 to $0.04.
Kevin Williams: Tim, I don't know that it's so much for budgeting or even cutting costs because obviously most of our customers are going to end up spending more money with us through an outsource offering than they would through an in-house offering over the life of the relationship.  Having said that, typically they will be able to cut other costs like IT staff and computer rooms and hardware and things like that, but to move from in-house to outsource, I don't think it's so much as capital outlay or cash outlay through the bank because most of them have quite a bit of cash.  It's more of all the other things that driving Tim, like security and keeping the systems up 24/7 and dealing with all the LANs and WANs, and just the large number of things that are out there. And a lot of the banks are just saying I'd rather rob a bank than let Jack Henry run my back office. So I don't know that you can really tie that directly to budgeting because I don't think the budgets are really forcing the banks to make this decision.
Kevin Williams: Yes, the margins at lease for the balance of this year, Jon, we'll probably get a little pressure on them from the Goldleaf acquisition. There is costs to be taken out of both of those acquisitions and some of those costs will take three to nine months if not a little longer to get out of there, for example some leases that we need to get out of. As far as Pemco, there's some transitional services that we need to get moved off of their data center over on to ours which will take some time before we realize those synergies. So there will be some slight pressure on the growth and operating margins for the next couple of quarters, but I don't think it will be tremendous. Our gross margins could take a 100 bit hit in that quarter, but I don't think it would be significant. As far as the revenue mix, Pemco is primarily all services. They don't even sale software, so all of that will go into the support and services line as far as transactions and some installation services.  Goldleaf, the way they were setup they were pretty heavily weighted recurring revenue. So I don't see the Goldleaf guy having a huge impact on our license or hardware margin line or revenue lines either. 
Kevin Williams: Well it's all transaction. I mean it's all ATM, debit and credit card processing, and it's per transaction fee just like we do on our passport business. 
Kevin Williams: Well we didn't cut any headcount. I mean, selling and marketing, as I mentioned in my opening comments, the majority of that decrease is directly related to commissions. I mean when license fees are down 14% and hardware's down 16%, you would expect your commissions to be down significantly and that's the lion's share of the decrease in selling and market.  Research and development, part of that is due to the salary cuts. But the biggest part of that is due to reduced travel and also reducing using outside consultants for a lot of the things we had previously been using them for. And as far as G&A, part of that's the salary cut, but the bigger part of that is actually the benefit we got this quarter in reduced health care costs compared to a year ago.  If you'll remember in this quarter a year ago, our compensation was only up 9%, but our health care was up like 35% because of a large number of large claims we had last year as to our stock loss. So between that and the Symitar user group meeting was the biggest reduction in the G&A.  Now, I will tell you G&A will pop back up in the December quarter because the expenses for our national user group meeting will be in there. So it will probably be back up more in line with where G&A was in the December quarter a year ago. Maybe not quite that high, but that would be up more in the line.
Kevin Williams: Well, the banking was driven by obviously the salary cuts a little bit and also continued increase in our payments business and leverage of that, including our OutLink group, and all those drove for improved margins.  On the credit union side, the electronic payments actually dropped off a little bit this quarter compared to a year ago which obviously has an impact on margins. And then in the in-house maintenance line, the number of work orders and consulting time spent dropped off dramatically from this quarter a year ago. So we were not leveraging the resources quite as long and [crediting] inside in our support and services group as we were a year ago.
Kevin Williams: I don't know how much improvement we can get out of that, Brett. I mean, 39% is pretty high margins in a support service business. I think there will continue to be some overall potential improvement. But again, as directly to the credit union because the work orders, which that impacted the banking side a little bit, too, that's clearly discretionary spend, that's additional work that they want done as part of our in-house maintenance.  And when the banks and credit unions decide to spend a little money and want to do that and we can better utilize our resources, then that will help the margins. But with the acquisitions in there, there will probably be some pressure on the support and services margin until we can accomplish all of the cost interviews that we're looking for out of those two. But if we could just maintain the 38%-ish support and services margins for the year, I'd be pretty happy as we get the two acquisitions integrated in.
Kevin Williams: Well, that's a good question, Brett. I mean, there's probably $600,000 or $700,000 in G&A that wasn't there this year that would have been there last year, but there was also a few hundred thousand dollars that would be in support and service revenue for the vendors and customers to come up there because based on accounting rules, that's where we're required to stick it, that wasn't there this year that would have been there last year, too.
Kevin Williams: There was also a hotel cost that we had to pay, Brett, that was $400,000, that we had to pay just to cancel a hotel because we have to book these things four or five years in advance to get those properties reserved because we basically reserve the entire property. So there was clearly $1 million worth of cost between the fourth quarter and this quarter that were there a year ago that were not there this year.
Kevin Williams: Well, I think as Jack mentioned, we expect next year Goldleaf will contribute mid-60 million revenue and Pemco somewhere in the mid-40s, 45 million to 48 million in revenue. As far as organic growth beyond FY '11, we've got to get our arms around both of those a little bit more before I'm ready to talk about FY '12. 
Kevin Williams: Plus the other thing planned is the good news is there were no early termination fees in there to distort that revenue. That was all true organic growth. 
Kevin Williams: Bryan, there's a couple of things in there. One, obviously the operating income margins were up nicely this quarter, but as Jack previously mentioned, at some point in this year we plan to restore the salary cuts, which obviously will have a negative impact on the operating margins. When we restore those obviously it'll have an impact on the balance of the year, but also as I said in that guidance, is we were trying to be extremely cautious in that guidance.  Do I think it's possible that we could exceed the mid single digits? Absolutely, but I also don't want you all going out there and putting models out there and expectations that we're going to have organic growth at some ridiculous amount because we have made it very clear to our employees that we intend to restore their salaries as soon as possible. 
Kevin Williams: We will continue to focus on the other areas of cost control. We've done an extremely good job of getting rid of a lot of travel costs. All of our employees are better utilizing technology for some of the things they have been using technology for installations so travel costs are pretty much down across the board. We will continue to focus on those. And then juts general operational costs, believe me all of our general managers are extremely focused on the P&L on a monthly basis to make sure they control those costs. 
Kevin Williams: I will say, Brett, that obviously we had a number of prospects in here in month September and every one of those I think we asked and I asked just about every banker I could talk to at our user group meeting a couple of weeks ago. And is there some concern about the commercial real estate? Sure, but there's concern about all of our loans out there.  But I will say that most of the banks, the vast majority of the banks that we've talked to they are pretty comfortable with their commercial loan portfolios because most of it is owner occupied type real estate and they know the owners and they've for customers for years. It's not the huge malls that are sitting there vacant that are causing a lot of the problems in the commercial real estate markets.  So I'm sure there's some pockets within our customer base that is going to have more trouble than others, but from the bank and prospects I've talked to, are they a little concerned about it? Yes, but they're not overly nervous about it. 
Kevin Williams: Again, we appreciate you joining us today to review our first quarter fiscal 2010 results. We remain committed to build on all of our competitive strength and to do what is right for the long-term for our customers, our associates and most of all our stockholders. Again, thank you very much for joining us. Operator, please provide the replay numbers. 
Jack Prim: We continued to see a challenging economic environment and the continued impact on discretionary spending in the quarter, particularly related to hardware and software license items. Despite these challenges on top line growth, we saw solid growth in backlog and continued increases in recurring revenue.  Our ongoing expense control efforts helped us realize an 18% growth in operating income and a 19% increase in earnings per share. Core system evaluation activity remained solid in both the bank and credit union segments of our business and we expect that will remain the case throughout the year.  We completed our previously announced acquisition of Goldleaf in the quarter and also announced and completed our acquisition of the Pemco Technologies subsidiary of Pemco Mutual Insurance Company. Pemco provides a variety of ATM, debit and credit card transaction processing services, primarily to the credit union industry.  Their business is highly complementary to our existing PassPort ATM/debit business and introduces new capabilities for us in the area of credit card transaction switching services. Their company has an excellent reputation for customer service and we believe will fit very well with our current PassPort and credit union offerings. Both of these transactions add to our current payments offerings. Goldleaf added to our strong remote deposit capture presence, which is the fastest growing component of our payment solutions with 54% year-over-year growth in the last fiscal year. It is expected to have approximately $48 million in revenue current fiscal year and $65 million to $67 million per year going forward. Pemco was added to our significant presence in ATM debit transaction processing, which currently represents 70% of the revenue of our payments business, while also inducing new capabilities in the area of credit card transaction routing. Pemco is expected to add $26 million in revenue in the current fiscal year and approximately $40 million per year going forward. Both businesses also provide opportunities for cost reduction in addition to the increased revenue contribution. Between them they add another 2,800 new customers that will also be candidates for other ProfitStars products and increase the number of core and non-core processing customers using one or more of our products to over 11,000. We are pleased and excited to welcome the customers and the 540 employees of these two companies to Jack Henry & Associates.  We continue to believe the outlook for fiscal 2010 is better by comparison to 2009. As indicated on our last call, we and our customers remain cautious in this outlook. At our annual banking user conference last month, while attendance levels were encouraging, there was a more subdued tone compared to a year ago when it appeared that the problems in the economy while very serious were more likely to be confined to a small number of very large institutions.  This year it appears that the collateral damage from those problems, specifically high unemployment and reduced consumer and business spending, are weighing on the minds of our customers. These same issues, along with recent comments about the NCUA that they do not expect credit union losses to peak until 2010 or possibly 2011, along with estimates for deposit insurance assessment provided for budgeting purposes for credit unions of between 15 and 30 basis points on assets, are similarly impacting spending decisions in credit unions. As we work our way through these current business challenges, we will continue to focus our efforts on the long-term best interests of our shareholders, customers and employees. We are confident that our business will perform well in the current environment and very strongly in a more normalized business environment.  With that, I'll turn it over to Tony for some additional information on the business.
Jack Prim: John, we're seeing probably two kinds of sales right now and you've got the banks that are implementing remote deposit capture because they have to. It's more of a defensive move. If they haven't done it yet and most cases it's probably because they were trying to hold out and they've probably been pushed into it now by their customers who are coming to them saying they want the capability.  The other kind of sales we're seeing is an increase in some of your early adopters who just got something in place to be in there early and are looking for a more fully featured offering such as the one that we offer in there actually seeing some replacement of their 1.0 implementation of whatever system that they implemented. So those folks probably have a pretty good feel for how to market and got out there early and it made some headway.  The folks that are doing it as a defensive measure we can offer some help and have offered some marketing materials and things they can use, but it's kind of hard to get them to move if they're not so inclined to really promote it.
Jack Prim: That's a great question Kartik and I wish I really had a good feel for it. I think it's going to be some of both. I think normal when we get back to normal is going to be different than what normal was a couple years ago. I don't know exactly what that means but I just think that banks are probably going to be a bit more conservative in some of their lending practices. And I don't' know what all that's going to ultimately mean for operational spending.  I would tell you at the same time that we're seeing increased interest in some of the security related solutions that we developed with the Gladiator technology. We came out with a fairly advanced offering in that regard and we're seeing a fair amount of growing interest in that, which certainly is something that you could hold off on doing but it appears people are even now beginning to make some decisions about things that they just need to move forward with. So I want to believe that there's some pent up demand there that will come into play, but I think to whatever extent that there is some pent up demand I'm thinking it's a quarter or two once things get back to normal. And then a more normalized kind of a spend but really kind of hard to predict what that normalized level will be at this point.Kartik Mehta – Northcoast Research Brokerage Firm:  Jack, the license spending obviously has been a little volatile over the last few quarters. I'm trying to get a sense of in the past when things weren't this volatile, what would you say software spending was as a percentage of CapEx spending for banks and what is it now? I'm trying to see if there's a way to quantify kind of what happened currently versus what happened in the past.
Jack Prim: I don't know how much help I can give you on that, Kartik. There are secular trends like there are with hardware. I mean everything related to hardware says that those numbers should continue to decline. Processors are getting cheaper and faster and checks orders or the large checks orders that are no longer necessary and price competition for check scanners and some of the low end things.  All of those things continue to say that hardware should decline over time in addition to the fact that, as we've talked about before, we've seen growing numbers of our existing in-house customers moving from the in-house environment to the outsource environment, which impacts not only hardware but will also impact license fees. And again from the standpoint of new customers, anything under $1 billion in assets these days the vast majority of the time that's going to be an outsource transaction rather than in-house. So I don't know that trying to compare, even if I knew, what percentage of their funds they spent on license three years ago I'm not sure it would be irrelevant comparison today because some of these other trends that we've been seeing. So it's really kind of hard to put your finger on.
Jack Prim: There's practically 100% recurring revenue. It probably isn't in our backlog because it is transactional in nature but it's all recurring revenue. 
Jack Prim: To your broader point, Gil, on the particularly the salary reductions and the sustainability, it is clearly our intention to restore those salaries when we've gotten a little better visibility and clarity on operating income growth and exactly how we're tracking there. Again, we did that in lieu of staff reductions. I would suggest to you that even though a number of other folks have taken a different approach to that end result by reducing headcount, I'm not sure how sustainable that really is.  When business comes back, I think you see people start to rehire for those positions that they downsized. There's the recruiting and the ramp-up costs, along with the lower productivity of a newly hired employee. So I think there are a lot of costs there that aren't as obvious as they might be. Ours is very clearly identifiable as to what came off of the salary line. But I think ours in fact in some ways are more sustainable than some alternative approaches.
Jack Prim: Brett, I would say that more often than not we get involved because the institution is – on the banking side I'd say it's because they're not satisfied with the level of service that they're getting from their provider. What they perceive as poor services causes them to look. Once they look, there's other factors that come into play, culture and product capabilities, functionalities and those kind of things, pricing comes in to play as well. But I think, and Ton, tell me if you disagree, but I think more often than not on the banking side, those discussions start because of service.  On the credit union side, service is definitely a factor. I think that it has been a bigger issue on the credit union side has been as the credit union's business has evolved to take on more of the things that were traditionally done by community banks they needed functionality that was not originally ever intended to be part of the credit union systems when they were originally designed. And so I think in their case, it may be more functionality driven that service is definitely a very big part on the credit union side as well.
Jack Prim: Yes, I would say at a high level, Paul, that it's very competitive. But I would've said the exact same thing two years ago. You will occasionally on a deal-by-deal basis see somebody pull out all of the stops, whether they're trying to save an incumbent or whether they just need to book a deal for whatever reason, but not in a consistent manner.  In other words, we don't have any particular competitor who has come to the market with a win at all costs kind of a mentality. We'll see, as I said, an individual deal where that may seem to be how it plays out, but as a focused strategy it's very competitive but not necessarily any more so across the board than it's been for quite some time. Paul Bartolai – PB Investment Research: Kevin, if you could just give us maybe some thoughts on the organic growth profile of the new acquisitions and what you're seeing there and what you expect going forward. 
Jack Prim: Yes, I think frankly there are several things that are better than we expected and I think that by kind of moving some of their business units into a variety of business units in Jack Henry I think there's a number of areas where we just have a better fit and the management the focus that we'll be able to bring to some of those areas will definitely be stronger. So, yes, we still feel good about it. Paul Bartolai – PB Investment Research: Last one, it looks like OutLink's growth picked up a little bit in the quarter relative to last quarter. I was just curious what drove that. 
Jack Prim: Well, I'd say part of it is probably the in-house outsourced transitions some of those beginning to roll in. We've talked about that a good bit 27 in fiscal '08, 45 in fiscal '09 and so you've got a number of those that are starting to roll in. And the '08 folks, as we've mentioned, we see a pretty substantial jump in revenue the first year that they're on but it jumps again in the second year.  So you've probably got some of those folks that were FY '08 signing that maybe been on a year or so now that are bumping up as well. And we've had a couple of nice competitive takeaways that have rolled in as well. So, Tony, I don't know if you want to add anything. 
Jack Prim: While Kevin is pondering that, Brett, I guess the one comment I would make I don't know that we have any clear guidance on that. As I indicated in my opening comments, it was certainly a little more subdued tone at our banking user conference.  Last fall as bleak as the news was in the October timeframe, I feel like the customers that we had at our user conference a year ago still thought hey, it's just going to be a handful of very large banks that were doing some exotic and crazy things and we're going to be just fine. Or maybe there's a half a dozen states where real estate prices that had steep run-ups and we're not in those states so we're going to be just fine.  And I think that the reality, the ripple effect now with 5 million people unemployed and still growing, delinquencies rising and some of which are commercial real estate, some of them are just car loans, house loans, credit card payments, whatever the case might be. I think that the tone was a little more subdued. So there's good news and bad news to what I think is kind of a lagging effect. The bad news is a year ago people were probably too optimistic in their assessment of the marketplace, so this year it was a little more subdued. Well, hopefully that's a lagging indicating in all the green shoots that we hear about and the affect that Bernanke has declared that the recession is over. Maybe some of those things are starting to work in a positive direction, but unfortunately the reality is staring them in the face right this minute is high unemployment and reduced spending and those kinds of things. So that a quarter or two from now maybe we look back at this and say that they were overly pessimistic in their assessment. But I don't know that I could give you anything real specific to commercial real estate. I'm sure that some of the concern around that has increased just like the other concerns are a little stronger now than they were a year ago. 
Tony Wormington: Our support and services revenue continues to generate growth and help offset the lack of discretionary complementary product licensees and hardware sales in the current economic environment. Within support and service, which was up 3% compared to prior year quarter, one-time implementation revenue was down 8% due to weak license sales. EFT revenue was up 7% compared to the prior year quarter. Our revenue from our OutLink data and item processing centers was up 7% and in-house software maintenance was up 3% in the same period. In addition to increased revenue, our EFT business continues to see nice growth in transaction volumes. As a reminder, our EFT revenue consists of ATM and debit card processing, bill payment processing, merchant capture and Check 21 image exchange.  ATM and debit card processing volumes increased 12.1% over the prior year quarter and 1.8% sequentially. Bill payment transaction volumes increased 16.1% over the prior year quarter and 2.2% sequentially. Merchant related transaction volumes increased 46% over the prior year quarter and 10.8% sequentially.  Financial institutions contracted to utilize our inner products payments ASP solution increased to 871 or an increase of 7.7% over the prior year quarter. Financial institution merchants installed and utilizing our enterprise payment solution increased to 21,308 entities representing a 39.4% increase over the prior year quarter.  We continue to put a strong emphasis on customer satisfaction and the results of our monitoring indicate continued success within our demanding customer basis. In the current economic environment, we will remain diligent with expense controls while maintaining a long-term focus on the best interests of our shareholders, customers and associates.  I'll now turn it over to Kevin for a further look at the numbers.
Tony Wormington: We have worked with the financial institutions to help them provide marketing programs to train them on how to sell merchants and etc. We've had sessions all along with the financial institutions as we bring them on to be able to do that, to drive additional merchant volume. I think we're seeing the fruits of our labors from those programs to continue to see additional merchants sign up at this point. So I think it's going well at this point, we haven't done anything different than we've done in the past though at this point.
Tony Wormington: Yes, from a competitive perspective we continue to win our fair share of the bill pay business that we're competing with out there in the market place. We have a very tightly integrated solution with our internet banking solution and we're seeing strong winds there whenever we sell our internet banking.  From an adoption standpoint, we're still seeing on an average basis the number of transactions that are being paid through bill pay are fairly consistent and have been for a couple of years by the end consumer on a month-to-month basis on the number of users we have on our ASB solution.  What we are seeing some increase in the adoption of the existing clients that we have out there, the financial institutions where additional consumers are becoming bill pay users. The growth is consistent at this point, fairly consistent across our client base. We've seen continuing growth even though the economic environment is out there.  Certainly there are some thoughts that less payments are going to be made or less spend is going to be spent in an economic environment that we have but we're still continuing to see increased payment volumes., so I think that speaks well to our position in the market place at this point with our bill pay solution. 
Tony Wormington: The only other thing I would add to that is that as the [de novo] market has pretty much dried up, a number of the [de novos] that we had in there from a year ago or so would have had some amount of incubation baked into those deals where we were providing processing at no cost to get the [de novo] up and running. Those [de novos] are now running and paying good minimum monthly processing fees, which are probably adding to the increase that we're seeing as well. 
