Kevin D. Williams: Thank you, Lillian. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for the Jack Henry & Associates third quarter fiscal 2016 earnings call. I'm Kevin Williams, CFO and with me today is Jack Prim our CEO and Dave Foss, our President. The agenda for the call this morning, Jack will start with some of his thoughts about the business and on the performance of the quarter, then I'll provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday after the market close, and then we will open the lines up for some questions-and-answers. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these Risk Factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled risk factors and forward-looking statements. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jack.
Kevin D. Williams: It's a little bit of both, Kartik. I will tell you that we have seen a wave of opportunities come across our desk in the last couple of months that either, one, it just didn't make sense for us, it didn't fit our strategy or it's actually a broken company, but also, the valuations are just astronomically high out there, the expectations for valuations. So, we will continue to look, and obviously we'll find the right one, and would we pay up for the right opportunity, if it was the right fit and – that we could leverage across all three brands? Absolutely, but they are just few and far between.
Kevin D. Williams: It's pretty much the same thing, Kartik. I mean, it's just – it's not really any worse, but I will say that, in all of our payments and even some of our outsourcing, when you're looking at any long term contract that's coming up for renewal, there is consultants in just about every one of those deals that are primarily in there just to get discounts on the renewals. And it's kind of a different animal, kind of a growing breed out there that, five years ago, there was a lot of those renewals that you wouldn't even see a consultant in. But they are in every deal now, and that's just driving to more pricing compression on renewals. And it's a challenge to grow over those.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, a lot of the growth in the credit union side, I'll tell you, came from a lot of different areas. But there was solid growth in – payments growth was up double-digits, our outsourcing in credit unions was up over 30%, maintenance was up in the mid-double-digits. And then there was quite a bit of increase in bundled revenue. So I mean, there was just a lot of strong drivers going in the credit union space. And the good thing is, the vast majority of what I just said are all recurring revenues. So yeah, we should continue to see a very healthy growth going forward. Do I think they continue to be at the 24%? I don't know about that, but it's going to continue to be very strong in the near future.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah, one of the biggest drivers of credit union is the continued increase in our outsourcing as we continue to not only sell new customers outsourcing but also the ongoing trend of our existing in-house customers moving to outsourcing and the uplift in revenue from that.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, as was said in the press release and in my opening comments, I mean, there are a large number of projects that are going on and a lot of those projects are new projects that are getting ready to go into beta in the next quarter or two, some of those in payments, a direct biller offering that will drive new revenue. We've got some new treasury services and cash management offerings that are in development that will be coming out in beta shortly, that will be driving new revenues. We continue to invest heavily into all of our mobile and digital channel because that is a huge requirement from all of our customers. And then we continue to enhance our core products. I mean, we've got about 50 major projects going on right now. So, I think our cap software is going to end up about $100 million for this year. I think it's going to level off for FY 2017. But like I said in my opening comments, we're still early in the budgeting process, but it should level off in FY 2017 but we're going to continue to invest in our product because that's what's going to drive our growth ongoing.
Kevin D. Williams: Yes. Because Alogent, as Jack said, it's a very strong product and it's very good in a Tier-1 space, but it was not a huge thing for us. I mean, just remind everybody, Alogent was a piece of Goldleaf when we bought Goldleaf in 2010. It was a small subsidiary of that. Total revenue of Alogent was roughly $25 million. So, in this quarter, it's not going to have much impact on revenue. Will it have a slight impact on operating income of $1 million or $1.5 million? Yeah, but that's in our guidance and we're comfortable that we can grow over that.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, there's several things, Dave. One, as Jack mentioned, Susquehanna actually went away in our second quarter, so obviously, that's a big impact on both iPay and our PassPort business that we're having to grow over. As Jack also mentioned, we had a large private company that was using a different POS system, and they did away with our EPS, and that was actually in our Q1 of this year. So, we're about anniversaried that one. It's going to take a while, obviously, to anniversary Susquehanna, but we've still got a lot of payments business in the pipeline. We continue to grow that business good, like I said, the payment business (19:08) on the credit union side grew extremely well, so it's the bank side we're really trying to grow over this in. So, Q4 is going to continue to be a challenge on the payments, but I think Q1, you're going to start seeing the growth come back.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, Dave, understand that the vast majority of that implementation is now into the bundled services line. So, you're seeing a decrease in implementation, just like you're seeing an increase – a decrease, I'm sorry – a decrease in implementation just like you saw a decrease in license fees, because those are now in the bundled services line.
Kevin D. Williams: You're absolutely right, David. But it really comes down to what products we're selling and what products we're installing in any given quarter, whether you take the implementation revenue in the quarter as implementation revenue, or it goes into deferred revenue and you recognize it – and you roll it out in the bundled services out of deferred revenue at a later date.
Kevin D. Williams: Sure. Brett, I mean, one of the things in an ongoing, one of the things you have to think about is, I mean, our license revenue in the quarter was $292,000. In fact, credit unions had no license revenue in that line. It all is now going into the bundled services line as we delivered the last product on those multi-product contracts, but I mean the really big drivers, Brett, haven't changed any. If you think about it, I mean, the in-house maintenance up 6% for the quarter, 5% year-to-date, I mean that's a good solid base, it's 20% – 28% of our revenue base continues to grow nicely. Our outsourcing, which is about 20% of our revenue, is growing double-digits, it's 10% or 12% for the quarter and year-to-date, so that's a good driver. I mean, payments was a challenge this quarter, up 2%. It's still up a little over 5% year-to-date. Like I said, the fourth quarter is going to be another quarter of a little challenge on payments, but I think that's going to go back to nice growth in FY 2017. So, again, it's just going to be our support and services line of business, that's just going to continue to drive our growth in a number of different areas, so there's no one specific area that is driving the growth.
John F. Prim: Thanks, Kevin, good morning. We are pleased to report another strong operating quarter, with record revenue and operating income. We had good organic growth at 7%, in spite of challenges in the form of substantially lower deconversion fees compared to the year ago quarter, and the impact of several large customer losses in our payments businesses. Fewer deconversions is good news for our business in the long run, but presents challenges in the near-term as far as revenue growth comparisons, and especially in terms of operating margins. Our payments business was impacted in several areas during the quarter. This was the first quarter that we felt the full impact of the lost bill payment revenue resulting from the Susquehanna BB&T merger. Industry consolidations similarly impacted our debit card processing business with several customers, and a large commercial remote deposit capture customer decided to consolidate their business to a system that was part of their existing point of sale system. While these losses will be a factor in our fourth quarter revenue as well, we expect new revenue additions to begin to grow over these losses in our first fiscal quarter. Our outsourcing and cloud revenue growth was solid at 10%, and our in-house maintenance again showed good growth at 6%, even as our new and existing customers increasingly opt for outsourced product delivery. As previously announced, we have signed a definitive agreement to sell our Alogent Deposit Automation software business to Battery Ventures. Financial details have not been disclosed at the request of the buyer, and there are financial considerations that could impact the final purchase price and resulting gain on the sale between now and closing, which is expected to be at the end of May. The Alogent product is a strong offering and is highly competitive in the Tier-1 financial institution space. This segment of the market is not a focus area for us, and we felt the product could be a better fit for another owner. Our business fundamentals remain strong, and all three of our brands again finished the quarter ahead of their sales plans. Our previously announced CEO transition remains on track for a smooth hand off on July 1. Dave Foss has immersed himself in the few areas of the business he was not already involved with, and will be fully prepared to take the reins in July. I look forward to seeing many of you at our Analyst conference in Denver next week and with that, I'll turn it back over to Kevin for some detail on the numbers.
John F. Prim: Yeah, Anthony, we had pretty much a solid performance across-the-board, a number of new core wins. I don't know if there's any one that I'd particularly carve out as being particularly noteworthy. But, again, just it's been a very solid and consistent performance out of the credit union group. And keep in mind too, that there would not have been any wins in the quarter that would have contributed to that growth level – the way the revenue recognition works is anything we sold in that quarter, we're probably a year away from seeing much in the way of any kind of revenue impact from that. So, it wouldn't have been any one thing that drove the business in Q3.
John F. Prim: Yeah, Shane, it's Jack. We are and the acquisition of Banno that we did about two years ago was one of the large drivers of that not because they had an off-the-shelf digital offering, but because they had some technology and a staff that was highly focused on that, we felt like we could go from having a very, very successful, as we have for some time, internet banking offering to more of a current technology, digital banking channel solution. And that's been one of, as Kevin mentioned, among the major R&D investment areas, that's been one of the ones that has drawn a good bit of our technology investment. So, we're beginning to roll out sort of the initial releases of that new offering yet this summer. I believe it's going to be a highly-competitive offering there and I think there's going to be a nice opportunity to move folks to kind of the next generation of these types of digital solutions.
