Kevin Williams: Thank you, Bridget. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for the Jack Henry & Associates fourth quarter and fiscal 2014 year-end conference call. I’m Kevin Williams, CFO and on the call with me today is Jack Prim, our CEO. The agenda for the call this morning will be; Jack will start out with an overview of the quarter along with some operational highlights and I’ll provide some additional comments regarding the press release that we’ve put out yesterday after market close, we’ll then open the lines up for Q&A. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate, due to a number of risks and uncertainties and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jack.
Kevin Williams: We made some significant investments, Kartik, that’s a good question, and obviously we have changed our business a little bit. I mean we are going to continue to make investments because with being in what we consider now disaster avoidance versus disaster recovery, everything is replicated. So when we buy a new server in production, we buy the exact same server in our backup sites or in the second production site theoretically, but we’ve made investments, we’ve beefed up our internal audit compliance team, which hopefully that’s kind of leveled off. So there is some continued investment that I think we have to make, but I think we’ll grow over that. I think Jack and I have been pretty consistent for the last six to nine months, kind of predicting this is going to happen and we don’t think there is going to be any margin degradation, but we think it’s going to be pretty solid for the next year and it’s probably going to take us a year to grow over that and then probably FY16, we get back to some margin expansion. There will be some -- obviously, every quarter there is going to be some margin fluctuations, but I think we are going to be pretty solid for the next year.
Kevin Williams: Yes. And the other thing, David, the piece that you are talking about four or five quarters ago, we addressed that at that point. That’s when we did a very significant conversion of a large number of credit unions from Accurso and we anniversaried that, I believe, in the December quarter. So we can’t really look at that peak, the five quarters ago as being where we could go. I think we’re probably more in line in the very high low double-digit growth rate now as far as our electronic payments growth going forward.
Kevin Williams: If I adjust the term fees, it would be about just under 8% for the quarter and a little over 10% for the year.
Kevin Williams: Our cap software for FY15 is going to be about the same as FY14, Dave. As we’ve talked about, we’ve got some major projects going on. Mark Forbis and some others talked about that at the Analyst Day at May, some of the projects we’ve got going on. These are multi-year projects that are going to impact our core solutions and some of our payment solutions for years to come and they are coming in phases. I would say one of the things that I look at, our Board looks at, is the percentage of our cap software that’s actually in production which has not changed dramatically over the last few years. So we are capitalizing a lot of our software because it’s going to give us long-term benefits, but it’s going into production phases on a quarterly and annual basis. So it’s just going to continue probably about the level of what this year is based on our initial pass of our budget.
Kevin Williams: Yes. They were, in total, just over $2 million compared to just under $9 million in the quarter a year ago.
Kevin Williams: Not really. If you look at our P&L, we break down license fees, which is obviously all basically in-house. Obviously, there are some other things in there, but we do show outsourcing revenue - we breakdown outsourcing within our support and services line, which is all data and item processing. But to say an in-house customer versus outsourced customer, the lines get blurred really fast there, because they’ve got all of our payments businesses, they’ve got some implementation fees, even some of our outsourcing customer may actually have an in-house product, and so they may also have some hardware, so to try to split the difference between a true in-house revenue stream and an outsourced revenue stream is almost impossible.
Kevin Williams: Obviously, we still got a lot of cash coming in in the September quarter. I will tell you that our collections on our annual maintenance was about 3% ahead this year where it was last year June 30. So I don’t know - you can say we stole some, but I think there was a little shift in timing by about 3% of that $2 million or $220 million that we billed June 1. We were about 3% ahead of collections on those at June 30.
Kevin Williams: We’ve been rolling these out for the last couple of years as we continued to see an increase in cap software. So I don’t think we’re going to see that. That was to my earlier comments about we’re probably not going to see much margin improvement over the next 12 months and that’s primarily because of those investments and the rollout of some of these [indiscernible]. But to that point, our EBITDA margins are at 35% for the fiscal year compared to 32% a year ago and actually 32% in the last three years. So that right there tells you that we’ve already seen some of that increase in G&A as it’s impacting our overall P&L, but it’s a positive impact to our EBITDA, which I know you guys love to follow EBITDA.
Kevin Williams: Yeah, Pete, we sort of talked about these three years ago and they continue to grow and they are big projects, but there has been annual releases rolled out each year for the last three years and that’s the way it will continue. So there is one big bank that you are going to see a quarter and say, holy crap, depreciation just jumped up 40%, it’s not going to be that way.
Jack Prim: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to the call. We are pleased to again announce record revenue and earnings for the fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year 2014. In addition to a strong financial performance, we increased our dividend and stepped up share repurchases during the year to return just under $250 million in cash to our shareholders, including over $130 million in the last quarter. This performance was fairly balanced with our employees and customers as we saw solid gains in satisfaction measures from these major constituents as well. Our sales teams continued their strong performances, and for the fourth consecutive year, all of our brands, JHA Banking, Symitar and ProfitStars finished ahead of their sales targets for the year. Our banking teams saw a balanced performance of core and complementary product sales. Symitar was once again the credit union industry leader in new core system sales, including five new signings during the year of institutions over $1 billion in assets, besting last year’s record of three.  ProfitStars again had strong cross sales to its non-core customer base of almost 10,000 institutions with over half of their product sales to non-JHA core customers. Our payments product had strong sales and transaction growth throughout the year and corresponding revenue grew 9% for the year. Revenue growth of 4% in the quarter was lower than normal, primarily due to a tough comparable in the year-ago quarter, particularly in the area of early termination fees. This revenue component tends to be more episodic and less predictable than even license fees, and is not really a category of revenue that you want to see because ultimately it means a customer went away. Adjusting out early termination fees in both periods, we show organic revenue growth of 7% in the quarter and 8% for the full year. We saw solid improvements in operating margins in the quarter and year-to-date even in the absence of these higher-margin early termination fees and with the infrastructure, regulatory and compliance investments we made during the year. Dave Foss transitioned to his new role of President of Jack Henry as Tony Wormington retired after 34 years of service to the company. We are greatly appreciative of Tony’s contribution to the company in a variety of roles over his long career. At the same time, we’re excited to welcome Dave to his new role after his most recent success in driving our ProfitStars business to new levels. As I turn it over to Kevin for a closer look at the financials, I would like to express our appreciation to over 11,000 customers for their continued business and our over 5,500 associates who continue to take care of those customers every day. Kevin, I’ll turn it over to you.
Jack Prim: Kartik, this is Jack. There are various pricing models out there and there certainly is some more price competition than what there was a couple of years ago in the area of mobile. In some cases, there are per user charges for certain mobile elements. There are certain cases there could be a monthly charge which entitles you to some number of users. So tracking the growth and number of subscribers directly to a prediction of what that should do to revenue is difficult, if not, impossible to do. We are seeing very strong growth in adoption. We are seeing the revenue grow nicely. Again, I think that the pricing on that per user or whatever methodology is going to come under some pressure, I think, industry-wide, but still a lot of good growth capability left.
Jack Prim: Pete, I wouldn’t say that there has been a significant change. We had said from the beginning that we suspect that their initial efforts would be focused at solidifying some of the replacements of some of the orders for the previous systems they had had out, I think that was the case. I think they are largely past reselling those customers and so we are seeing them probably a little more competitively, but I don’t think there has been a significant change. We had 44 new core system wins, all of those competitive replacements last fiscal year, and as I mentioned, five of them were over $1 billion in assets, 39 of them were not. So those represented wins pretty much across the board. There were maybe a couple of wins in the very small credit unions under $50 million in assets, but the majority of those wins were going to be in that $75 million to $250 million, $500 million asset range and we continue to do very well there.
Jack Prim: David, I think a large contributing factor to that was the early termination fees that Kevin mentioned earlier. We’re continuing to see very good transaction volume growth ahead of industry averages. There continue to be certainly some pricing pressures in some aspects of the payments business that would be part of the impact there. But I think a large part of the impact in this quarter was the early termination fees or the lack of early termination fees in this quarter compared to the year ago quarter.
Jack Prim: James, several things in terms of what could influence mid versus high single digits. License fee that you might realize in the year can certainly make a difference with 80% recurring revenue. It pretty well takes something like license fees to be able to make an impact almost in the fiscal year, let alone in any particular quarter, and again those tend to be somewhat episodic in nature. Early termination fees are similarly unpredictable and not, as we talked about earlier, usually something that we -- certainly not something we seek or have a particular forecast for because we just don’t know what that’s going to be. I think those are some of the impacts. I think the longer term, the ability to continue to grow at above average industry rates, first of all, we still project mid-to-high single-digit organic growth for the, I would say, the foreseeable future, which is a relatively near-term, but I think some of the things that give us comfort in that area is the continued growth in both our payments and our outsourcing business. Keep in mind that we’re a little unique in that we started out as a company offering in-house processing only, and at a relatively new, 15 years or more, but relatively new in this industry in the outsourcing business. So the majority of our customers are still in-house and we are continuing to see that migration, that interest level in moving from in-house to outsourcing. So we have a larger base of customers that can potentially make that transition over time and as we’ve talked about at analyst conference and in our investor conference, when we see a customer makes that transition, typically our revenue doubles, at a minimum doubles in the first year after they transition from in-house to outsource, and actually tends to increase even further from there in subsequent years. So I think there is probably more of an opportunity there for us than some of the other folks, and I think those are some of the major components that we would see that give us confidence in those forecasts.
Jack Prim: James, I would say we are more interested in finding the products that make sense more so than focusing on acquisition of a particular size. Obviously, we like something that moves the needle and is going to be worth the effort, but anything from ideally probably in the $20 million to potentially $100 million or more in revenue would certainly be something that we would look at, which is not to say, we wouldn’t look at something with $2 million or $5 million if it was an acquisition of technology or something that we felt like really was going to offer good growth when incorporated into our product offerings. But again I think Kevin’s point is that we do not tend to overpay for acquisitions. We think that some of the prices that properties are going for out there now are difficult to justify from a financial standpoint, frankly, in our case, from a strategic standpoint, as well. So, again, as Kevin mention, in terms of uses of capital, dividends and share repurchases based on what we see right now are likely to be more of a focus area for us than M&A per se.
Jack Prim: No. You’re right on the path, Dave. Obviously, we’ve seen this trend starting back in 2008 of our existing in-house customers moving to outsourcing. That’s been pretty steady the last three are four years at 40, 45 FIs been wanting to do that, but we’ve been seeing is some of the larger banks that are willing to do that and we’ve had several banks the last year over $1 billion. I think we’ll continue to see that trend.  And then, obviously the majority of our new customers on the bank side at least ago outsourcing. Last year I think all but one went outsourcing. On the credit union side, we continue to see a migration of smaller or a lower pace than we do on the bank side from in to out, but it still continues to be very strong, and about 60% of our new core customer wins on the outsourcing are on the credit union cycle outsourcing. So I think you’re going to continue to see that nice strong growth in that line of revenue going forward.
Jack Prim: Not really. That’s more driven, Dave, by some of the large in-house implementation we go on the ProfitStars side. We’ve had some large Alogent deals that have been going on that have driven some nice implementation revenue. And then, obviously you got to remember there is a significant amount of merged revenue where our customers are buying other banks, which that drives a lot of that implementation revenues. So those are probably the biggest drivers that has caused that increase in the last couple of years, and I don’t see those slowing.
Jack Prim: That would really depend on the timing of the buybacks, Dave, because obviously you go by the average shares, so obviously we will be kind of precluded from buying any shares this quarter until after we announced -- until basically next week. So it kind of limits the time we can bid in this quarter, so kind of reduce the impact. So the guidance I’m giving doesn’t get a whole lot of impacts of buying additional share back this year, but if you’re going to build it into your models, you might want to impact of 1 million or so shares weighted average over the year.
Jack Prim: Pete, this is Jack. The nature of some of these projects is that they are large projects delivered incrementally. So whether it’s some of the technology, infrastructure rework that we’re doing on both the banking and credit union platforms, those are going to be rolled out in phases on a multi-year kind of a schedule. So, in terms of those components rolling into production and being something that’s going to be meaningful to what you get see on the financial statements, I don’t know that there really is anything that we could speak to there and I’m sorry I forgot the second half of your question, Pete.
Jack Prim: Well, certain of those components, Pete, are definitely parts of some of the rework that we’re doing. Last December, I believe it was, we completed a complete redevelopment of the Cruise, our low-end credit union system and moved it to really pretty much a completely new architecture. And basically the kinds of things we’re talking about here are going to be different depending on which product that you’re looking at, but there definitely are some of those types of components changing the database structure, changing in some cases to some real-time functionality. But again - so, for example, on a real-time functionality, last year on the banking and the SilverLake application, we released some initial real-time capabilities. We are enabling some additional real-time capabilities that will be rolled out this year. So yes, some of those things you mentioned are components of what we’re doing, but there is no big bang that all of a sudden on a certain day, there is a completely redeveloped application available for implementation, it’s, as I said, on incremental release process spanning multiple years.
