David Foss: I'll take the first half and I'll let Greg respond on the payments portion. This is Dave Foss by the way. So, I think the growth when it comes to the other areas other than payments is primarily driven by the success that we're seeing now in the Banno area in the complementary product groups of the Banno product line. I highlighted some of the performance metrics there the addition of new customers and all the new registered users on that platform so the Banno platform success. Financial Crimes Defender we signed a whole bunch of contracts in the quarter. But you really won't see the P&L impact of Financial Crimes Defender until next quarter and then the following quarters after that. But then it's just a variety of other solutions again primarily in that complementary solutions area. So, we're continuing to see great success with things like treasury and some of the other complementary solutions that we didn't specifically call out. But all of them have become real nice drivers of revenue. Many of them new solutions in the past couple three years. We've highlighted them on these calls in the past as new solutions. They're not new anymore and they're a year old. But they're continuing to drive great demand and nice revenue improvement for Jack Henry. And I'll let Greg comment on what's happening in the payments side.
David Foss: Hi. Good morning, David. It's interesting that you called that out as a negative that we went from 16 to 10. I'm thrilled with 10, because normally the first quarter is a very light quarter. Last year as a comparative, we had six in the first quarter. We tend to see a real push in the fourth quarter every year. So for us to produce 10 in the quarter was great news, as far as I was concerned. And that's what led me to say, I think 50 to 55 new wins, for this year. Based on what we saw in the first quarter and what I'm seeing in the pipeline, gives me great confidence that we're going to have a really, really strong year. Now with that said, talking about what's happening in our environment, I think all of you know pretty well what's happening in our environment with all of our competitors and some of the disruption that's happened and so on. Those types of events create opportunity for us. These are still very long sales cycles. You don't have a banker, who suddenly wakes up one day and says "Hey, I think I'll go through a core conversion." They're very long. It's a very disruptive process to go through a core conversion. And so, nobody takes it lightly. But we definitely are seeing some impacts in our sales pipeline that are being produced by some of the disruption that's happening in our space around the topic of core.
David Foss: Sure. So in my prepared remarks, I pointed out that we had a couple of banks in the $15 billion to $30 billion range that were at our prospects -- I should say, that were at our client conference. I don't recall -- I've been doing this for a long time, I may have forgotten one. But I don't recall us ever having a brand-new prospect over $10 billion come to our client conference to talk to us about core. So, to have two in that range, I think is pretty indicative of the success that we're having now. And it's really being driven by tech modernization. The story that we have now and our ability to actually demonstrate things that we're doing with this new platform, is getting a lot of attention among larger institutions, because they're trying to figure out how to get to the public cloud environment and they can't see a path forward with their current provider. They see that path with Jack Henry. So, I can't predict when we'll sign one of these larger institutions, as a new client. But I think the activity right now, gives me great confidence that you'll see some announcements in the future that are of significant wins in that regional banking space.
David Foss: Within the existing client base yes we're becoming well penetrated we're over 50%. But we still have a lot of opportunity particularly on the credit union side of our business. It's no secret we started with Banno on the banking side and really started to push hard on the banking side. We have not been as forceful maybe. We didn't have it ready on the credit union side. And we haven't been as forceful on the credit union side. But that certainly is an area of focus for us. So you'll continue to see penetration. I mean, when you have the leading digital banking solution in the industry we expect almost all of our core customers will want to consume that at one point or another because they see the differences between that and anything else in the market. As to the first part of your question, Vasu, we don't tend to try to size individual products. It's part of a segment. We provide guidance per segment. But as with everything else we do at Jack Henry, we don't try to size as far as revenue is concerned on products. I don't expect us to change that. My real goal in giving you the user counts like we have has been to try and give you as much ammunition to model effectively and kind of create your own view of what we're doing at Jack Henry. But I don't expect that we're going to start to provide revenue visibility guidance on a specific product like Banno.
David Foss: Yes. So definitely a topic. Everybody who's anybody seems to be talking about AI these days and trying to figure out what they're talking about as they're talking about it. So, two things to keep in mind here. There's two flavors of AI. There's the kind of traditional artificial intelligence/machine learning version of AI. And then there's generative AI the new kind of hot topic ChatGPT if you will. So we've been deploying traditional AI for many years. So we've had artificial intelligence and machine learning baked into our Banno solution that's baked into our call center solution. And we do a lot with that and have for quite some time. And especially in our fraud area, we use that technology. So we've been demoing that and been able to talk about it effectively for quite some time. The new twist is with generative AI. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we show generative AI working on the Google platform with our platform solution at the Connect conference. So we had one main stage session. Our Chief Technology Officer was onstage with an executive from Google and a bank CEO, who by the way is a beta customer for us. He specifically made the trip to Connect so he could be onstage and talk about what our generative AI solution -- what he thinks it's going to do to change the operating environment for their bank. We're not in production with that yet. This is beta. But we definitely expect that we'll be a player in that space and we'll be able to help our customers using generative AI. And of course the good news is with the Jack Henry Platform it's all written on the Google Cloud. And Google has we believe the best gen AI solution in the market, partly because they have guaranteed they'll protect PII so private information, as we roll this out. And so we're very bullish on the opportunity for the future to use that technology to help our customers.
David Foss: And JD, if I can tack on this is Dave. So I just want to add a little clarity to everybody out there. One of the things Jack Henry is getting great recognition for right now is all these innovative solutions that were rolling out. We've been spending a lot on new development, new R&D, brand-new products. The Jack Henry Platform is just one of them. And Greg highlighted Banno Business and Financial Crimes Defender. And we have all these new things that we've been rolling out, that's great for the company, that's great for the success or the future success of the company. And it's really created this reputation for Jack Henry as being the innovation leader in our space. The bad news is because of what's happening on the tax side, it's hitting our free cash numbers. And so we have concerns about free cash, which it's all being driven by the fact that we are leading the industry when it comes to innovating and really delivering great solutions for the to sustain the future growth of this company.
David Foss: Let's reemphasize JD, the numbers Greg shared in his prepared remarks. So 100 clients live now 50 that are in process of implementation so they're not paying us yet but they're in process and then 20 more new contracts that have just been signed.
David Foss: Yeah. So I'll answer the last part first. Not a lot happening when it comes to M&A in the industry. And I've had some interesting conversations with some investment bankers about what they're seeing as far as opportunities in that space. Just nothing really intriguing, right now when it comes to M&A. So that leaves share buyback debt paydown. Of course, we're committed to our dividend policy. And so, the other two topics balancing share buyback with debt paydown, that is definitely going to be a topic at our Board meeting on Monday. Because in this time that needs to be something that we analyze fully. So we're very focused on those two topics and trying to prioritize appropriately. But that will require Board discussion.
David Foss: Actually I'll defer to Greg for that one. He's more in the day-to-day with the team on what we're doing there. So go ahead Greg.
David Foss: Yeah. So we're not selling outside the core base yet as I mentioned earlier. But it definitely has got attention from people outside the core base. And we're lapping because it's one of those, you want to go and sell it right away but you've got to make sure that everything is lined up and ready to be effective. And it's part of a larger strategy than simply selling Banno business outside the base. So yes we definitely are getting attention. We definitely are preparing to get sales out there actively selling outside the base. But it's part of that broader strategy that we talked about earlier because it goes with retail Banno as well.
David Foss: We refer to that as a side core. We've been doing that for years. So that's not a requirement of the digital banking application necessarily it's a requirement of having core functionality where you can actually process those accounts. We've been doing that for a long time. Certainly, we have that integrated with our Banno solution. But the nice thing about our offering is that if the customer simply wants to do it for deposit gathering we can do that. If they want to host a complete digital bank as they continue to grow it's the same platform it's the exact same solution. We can offer loans and GL and everything else through that offering. So that's not something new to Jack Henry. We've been doing that for quite some time.
Greg Adelson: Yes, I would say there's probably two components. So, one we're kind of dealing with the aftermath of excessive growth in our remote deposit capture business during the pandemic. And so we're seeing a little bit of lessening of that growth. And then the card volume growth I think is kind of indicative to what you've heard both card associations talk about as well. So, again, the majority of our card business is on the debit side. That business isn't growing as fast as it would just during some of the things that are going on with the economy right now. But those are the two biggest drivers I think on the payments side. Everything else is fairly in sync.
Greg Adelson: And then Payrailz, so on the Payrailz side, so I think we are tracking to the guidance that we gave back in August. So I think everything is on track based on what we provided back in August.
Greg Adelson: Yeah. Great question. Yeah. Short answer is, we've worked through the integration delays. So we've been able to get through that component. Some of it is just rebuilding up the pipeline with that group. But the reality is we've gotten through the challenges there. The other thing that's important is that the -- some of the additional synergies that we've been able to build as we build out the product has helped us as well. So we're kind of -- we're working through some of the sales delays with lot more of the operational synergies that we've been able to find on things. So everything -- that's why everything continues to be on track.
Greg Adelson: Yes, just two things to add. So one, the other component of this is our ability to bundle. We found some pretty good bundles that we think we can sell into that. So we think that will also help with the success rate and using what Dave said kind of leveraging the technology platform and some of the modules that we have coming out. The other part is the integration work that it does take. So it does take some while to get some of that integration work done before you can actually go out and close a deal. So we're working on all that in the background as well.
Greg Adelson: Yeah. And I would say as I mentioned earlier, we've kind of unhitched some of the barriers that we've had where a lot of the Payrailz solutions in the past were sold through resellers. So now that we brought in and have a lot of our direct sales folks focus on that and working through the issues that we have with the resellers, we feel very strongly that we're back on track. And the technology itself again is even stronger than we anticipated as we've gotten in and have been able to work through some of the challenges there.
Greg Adelson: Yeah, sure. And as I mentioned we have a couple of modules that are out in beta right now. So we're tracking exactly to the time frames that we have. We do have a public road map that we share with our customers. We do not share it outside of our customer base. But we have a road map. We're executing actually to the T of that particular road map. And as I mentioned earlier we're going to be pretty excited to be able to share where some of those modules are in their evolution and other modules that we've created back to a full monetization strategy that we have going for the rest of this year and into next.
Greg Adelson: Yeah. Well as far as implementations, I mean typically as we have with any of those type of bill pay and payment-providing products it really is somewhat dependent on the customer. We can actually install within 90 days typically. So some of it is dependent on the customer. Some of it is dependent on a core deal where an actual Payrailz may be part of that core deal so they're waiting to implement that. So some of those contracts could have longer tail before they're actually implemented. But as I mentioned earlier with the 100 that are actually on the platform now the 50 that we have in the implementation queue and the 20 that were just sold we have the ability to start moving the needle. As I mentioned earlier we are on track for the guidance that we gave in August for the revenue numbers which is again I think a substantial amount of drive. But again even those percentages obviously we started with a small number. So we're driving the ability to get the technology in place to get all the things that we wanted to do from a tech modernization strategy and driving that as part of -- while we're waiting for some of these contracts to go. But the technology itself is going to drive the longer-term part of this strategy not just the immediate parts that we're doing with the current Payrailz offering.
Mimi Carsley: Yes, I can take the first part of that. So, you're correct in terms of the great margin expansion we saw in Q1. Now, typically, Q1 is our largest-performing quarter from a margin basis because you have the subscription-related revenue there from a renewals perspective. But we saw higher revenue across the board which just then flowed through. I would have as a reminder though, the impact from Connect conference. The timing of that did have a pretty significant impact from the margin improvement, on a year-over-year basis. But I would say, the most part it was just the revenue flow-through and good expense control.
Mimi Carsley: Let me start with that. So Vasu, I would say, that the Q1 trends for the payments segment were pretty much in line with what we saw for the full year last year. And we continue to see strength in that business. So I think we're very positive and optimistic about it. It's not just transactional, there's also ancillary revenues in there in services that we continue to expand upon from a portfolio perspective. So that in itself is derisking just the exposure to transactional.
Mimi Carsley: Good morning, Karthik. I would say that the quarterly cadence can sometimes be choppy. Our Q1 is always a very strong cash flow quarter. We have the annual maintenance and other strong cash flows coming in Q1. So I would say this year might be more of a U shape than anticipated maybe a little bit more steep than last year. But we're still on track and optimistic about that 60%.
Mimi Carsley: Great question JD. If I had a crystal ball for Washington, I'd probably be in a little bit of a different role. But we're hopeful that there might be a consideration of changing the legislative nature of that tax deductibility of development expenses. You're starting to hear more and more technology companies, talk about the negative impact to them. If that -- and we're not banking on that happening. If that does not occur, I would agree with you at this point I would say a couple of years out, hopefully more than four so -- but for right now we feel pretty comfortable for this year sticking with the 60% guidance.
Mimi Carsley: Sure, Dom. So first let me say that I think 20% ROIC is quite attractive and would be the envy of a lot of companies. So it's a commitment to us. We believe that our thoughtful and conservative approach both from a fortress balance sheet, how we think about capital allocation has led to attractive ROICs historically. And it's something that we know as a metric we're following. We know you're following it quite closely from a sustainability of that shareholder value creation. I would say there's a little bit of a math challenge just from the metric itself. So because our net income is growing and because right now we are focused on debt paydown, we did some share repurchase our 35 years of – fiscal years of dividend growth, those take cash. So while the net income increases the shareholder equity therefore, it reduces. Unless we continue to grow that dividend and do large buybacks or debt paydown by their nature mathematically that ROIC is going to dip a touch. And so I think it's just more of the hangover effect from the debt we had from the Payrailz acquisition. And as we pay down that debt as we do more share repurchases and return that net income back to investors, you'll see that rebound number. So it's just for the trailing 12-month impact of that and the growing net income into equity that has that impact on that.
Mimi Carsley: Good morning, Dave. Let me start by taking it and then I'll let Greg add in from a strategic perspective. I would say the acquisition remains on track. As Greg mentioned, we feel confident in our ability to hit the previous guidance. Revenue is growing at a nice clip. So I would say the visibility, because you're only looking at two months if not, I wouldn't annualize that to take it more of a trend than it is. So we still feel very confident in terms of that growth and the journey to profitability.
Mimi Carsley: Yeah, Dave, I would say continue to use 24% from a tax rate. At this point it's too early in the year to see anything materially changing off of that. So I would still recommend using the 24%. The one positive from higher interest rates is you're starting to see a little bit of interest income as well as it helps as an offset to interest expense. And I would just say those are probably -- share count a little bit we did some buyback in Q1. But I would look at the totality of that. But most of the change in EPS is really coming from the operational impact the flow-through from revenue growth. I would highlight just that last year as a reminder the gains last year from the asset sale and the impact from VEDIP this year.
Mimi Carsley: And let me just layer on there. James, good morning. Just as a reminder the payment sector which is 36% roughly of our total revenue of that bill pay let's call it about 15%. So this is really a reinvigoration of that iPay business that was pretty mature. And as so we won't be able to see Payrailz in and of itself but that together that combined business plus the added innovation of new features that neither existing platform has on their own you'll start to see over the upcoming quarters a reinvigoration that will help that total segment.
John Davis: Hi. Good morning, guys. Mimi, I just wanted to follow-up on free cash flow. I believe you made a comment that you expect to return to normal historical levels from a free cash flow conversion perspective. And I was just curious, is it still kind of in the three to four years once we lap the non-deductibility of R&D expense? Just want to clarify that comment about returning to historical levels.
John Davis: Okay. No. Thanks. That's helpful. And then Greg, a quick one for you on Payrailz. I heard you earlier say you're kind of on track. It looks like at least for the first two months revenue was a little bit lighter than last year. I think you talked about some implementation delays with partners. So just curious kind of an update there you guys seem really excited about the long term. But how is that going from an integration perspective? Are there still implementation delays? Just any sort of update there would be helpful.
John Davis: Okay, great. And then Dave, just if I could squeeze in one more quick one just on capital allocation. You paid down a little bit of debt. You bought back a little bit of stock in the quarter. How do you think about debt paydown versus buybacks with the stock here? And then any update on from an M&A perspective whether valuations have rationalized yet? Just any color there would be helpful.
