Kevin Williams: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning and welcome to the Jack Henry & Associates second quarter fiscal 2010 earnings call. Statements and response to the questions made in this conversation which are forward-looking or deal with expectations about the future, by any statements about the future these are subject to a number of factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we anticipate. Such factors are disclosed in our recent SEC filings. There could also be other factors not included that potentially cause results to differ materially. Good morning, again. We are pleased to host call this morning to provide a Company update and report on our financial results for our second fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2009. With me this morning I have Jack Prim, our CEO, Tony Wormington, President, will each provide some opening comments regarding the state of the Company, our recently closed acquisitions and our quarterly financial performance. Then, after our opening comments, we’ll then open the call up for Q&A. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Jack Prim, CEO.
Kevin Williams: John, those one-time costs were truly for lawyers, bankers and that sort of thing. The integration costs that we have going on now are just the normal use of internal resources, I think as Jack alluded to, all their accounting systems should currently be on our back office, PeopleSoft solution now. All of the employees were on RHR benefits effective January 1. So now it’s just integrating the ongoing technology of the PTSI acquisition, which, as Jack said, will take through the end of this fiscal year to get that all done and then the Goldleaf and some of the other things, the order been, the business units have been tied by that between the different GMs, and now it’s just ongoing, normal day-to-day getting the efficiencies done.
Kevin Williams: Dave, obviously, you have a lot of moving parts within the support and services, we’re very pleased with the margins, we do continue to focus on leveraging the infrastructure. We’ve done a very good job of controlling costs. Our fringe load was down for the last couple quarters compared to year ago, because better than expected healthcare we’d like to think that’s part of the wellness initiative put in place, so there’s just a number of things in there. And I don’t know that I’m willing to stand and waive the flag and say 40% of the baseline. I’d like to hope that we can keep it there and is there potentially room for improvement as the payments continue to come at a large percentage of the business? Absolutely did. I think that’s a long-term goal, not something you’re going to see this type of pick-up on a quarterly basis.
Kevin Williams: G&A should be down next quarter. Probably, $1.5 million or a little more.Jon Maietta – Needham and Company: Got you. Okay, guys, thanks very much.
Kevin Williams: No, let me back up. Pemco, which is basically a credit card transaction processing unit is basically all within the payment line. Because they don’t sell software, they don’t sell hardware. It’s truly a services that’s 99.5%, probably within the payment line, if not all of it. Goldleaf, on the other hand, they’re going to hit all three lines. They’ve got a little dab at software, they do sell projects., as Jack mentioned, (inaudible) nice deals that impact of the in-house backlog and so there will be a little bit of software going forward. Obviously, they have some maintenance on some of their products that they deliver for some of their in-house products such as Alogent and other things. They got some transaction process which fall on to the payment, further more deposit capture products, and then they also do resell some, some hardware in some instances as well. So, Goldleaf probably eventually hit all three lines. Pemco is basically all in payments.
Kevin Williams: I think, Tim, implementation, obviously, you’re right, it kind of trails the software sales the big part, however, there is implementation involved in just about everything we do, including OutLink and path forward and everything else. There’re some implementation services related. Probably one of the biggest things in implementation is the M&A activity for convert mergers when our customers were buying banks and doing things like that. So implementation is going to fast around a little bit, we hope that’s flat for the year. As far as the in-house maintenance, it should be up slightly for the year organically. As you can see the deferred revenue was up nicely, part of that was attributed to Goldleaf, but the deferred revenue was even up at the end of the first quarter compared to the prior year, so, organically, in-house maintenance should be up a little bit and it should track pretty much for the rest of the year in total where we ended up the quarter.
Kevin Williams: The other thing I’d say, Tim, I think if you look at our average customer, the historical adoption rate has been lower than some of the bigger banks have experienced. So I think with the economy and different things that Tony mentioned I think that we’re seeing a pickup in adoption rate with some of our regional and suburban banks, customers, opting to do that rather than stick a 44 cent stamp on an envelope and write a check.
Kevin Williams: In the Bill Pay space we got roughly 1100 of our core customers using that. We only sell Bill Pay to our core customers. So somewhere about half of our core customers are using our Bill Pay product. How many of them out there are using somebody else’s or don’t even have a Bill Pay yet we don’t know that for sure. As far as the ATM debit, which again we primarily sell that just to our core customers, roughly in the neighborhood of 700 of our core customers using our ATM debit switch. Now, as far as the PTSR, the Pemco credit card transactions, I don’t remember how many of our core customers use that, I was thinking –
Kevin Williams: And as far as remote deposit capture, as Tony mentioned, we got 885 or so FIs that are using our remote deposit capture that is our pretty good (inaudible) does not include Golf Leaf. The vast majority of those are our core customers. I will tell you some of our largest RDC customers are other core competitors, customers, but the vast majority of those are our core customers using our RDC. So there’s some runway left there, but I would tell you most of the RDC opportunity now is upgrades and replacement cycles, the second-time buyers, because most of the banks have something, we believe out there. We think there’s still some runway there and really the opportunity there is, is selling to merchants through the other channels and then continuing to leverage the customers that came through the Goldleaf acquisition. So those are the three primary components in our payment business and kind of where we’re at.
Kevin Williams: We planned to utilize that as we go forward, obviously that depends a lot on how much we can use each year based on operations from that organization to move forward and then also there are some 382 IRS limitations that also impact how much we can use that. But we do expect to get the utilization of majority of that, however, I’d tell you, just remind you that that has no impact on our effective tax rate, that’s truly just a cash EPS impact, because that was actually in deferred taxes through the purchase price allocation.
Kevin Williams: There’s a little value, obviously, there’s a value in place on it through purchase price allocation that is sitting in deferred taxes. The offset of that would be most likely in goodwill. Ultimately it does not reduce the purchase price, we will get the benefit as it flushes out the balance sheet as we utilize the NOL because we actually use the deferred tax asset.
Kevin Williams: Thank you, Michelle. First of all, I’d like to let everybody know the dates of our upcoming Annual Analyst Day, which will be held on May 10th and 11th The event will be held again in Dallas, Texas this year and we’ll kick it off as we have in the last few years with a mini tech fair and dinner on Monday evening for those would like to come in Monday evening, which during that event we’ll highlight some of our newer other products. And then starting Tuesday morning, you’ll have the opportunity to hear from most of our operational GMs and all of our national sales managers, just in years past. The Tuesday event should conclude about 2:00 P.M. that afternoon. So please schedule accordingly, and get this on your calendars. A registration link will be sent out in the near future. To summarize the call, again, we want to thank you for joining us today to review our second quarter 2010 results. The acquisitions we closed last quarter are tracking with our expectations and should continue to improve in their commitment as we complete the integration activities. We’re very pleased with the efforts of all of our associates to help control costs during the current economic environment. And, our executives, managers and all of our associates continue to focus on what is best for our customers and our shareholders. And thank you all again for joining us.
Jack Prim: Gentlemen, good morning. The general trends in our business remain unchanged compared to the last several quarters. Our customer spending continues to be refining and likely will continue to be until improvement in the economy is reflected in their individual markets and ultimately in their individual financial performance. In addition to the general restraint on discretionary spending, hardware and software licenses were likely further impacted by the continued trend from in-house to out source processing. As discussed previously this trend is positive for the long-term and is reflective in the continued growth in the recurring revenue and the outsourcing backlog growth. The integration of the recent Pemco and Goldleaf acquisitions continues to be very well. Much of the operational integration is complete and all sales, marketing, accounting and human resources functions should be complete by the end of the current quarter. Some integration at Pemco related to the technology platform will continue in the June quarter with some possibly being completed shortly thereafter. The expected call synergies and earnings per share contribution from these acquisitions are attracting in line with our previous projections. Those acquisitions contributed nicely in the quarter allowing us to show an 11% increase in total revenue, even though the organic revenue declined by 1%. While the Pemco revenue tends to be more recurring in nature, Goldleaf has several nice software successes in the quarter related to the Alogent product line in larger financial institutions. The nature of these implementations is such that revenue needs to be recognized on more of a percentage of completion bases than all up front. This is a contributing factor reflected in the growth in the software backlog of 23% even though year-over-year software revenue was down 23% and sequentially up only 5%. We continue to see positive earnings impacts resulting from our cost control initiatives with a 14% improvement in operating income even with the inclusion of the one-time expenses from the Goldleaf and Pemco acquisitions. We will continue to closely manage expenses and balance the needs of the employees, shareholders and customers in this challenging economic environment. Now I’ll turn it over to Tony for the more insight on business.
Jack Prim: There’s also a component of that as well that has to do with our remarketing efforts through non-financial institutions. As we mentioned before, Pitney Bowes, for example, being one of the commercial entities that remarkets as part of their solution we talk about other providers of core accounting systems for various, in other industries, like city county government, utilities, faith-based organizations that embed some of our payment process and capability into their software. Merchant acquirers who need to electronify in addition to credit and debit card transactions ability to help their merchants be able to electronify checks as well. So there’s certainly some growth that’s coming in the form of additional merchants through non-financial institution margin as well.
Jack Prim: It’s Jack. We have announced to our employees that we’re going to restore their salaries to the previous level, effective March 1st. However, along the way, we’ve been doing some other cost reduction initiatives, some of it in the form of healthcare, cost pass-throughs, some of it, surgical type of adjustments that we made in certain areas of the business. So, our expectation would be that the March quarter, from the standpoint of types of cost reductions that you saw in the September and December quarters will be comparable to what you’ve seen in these quarters and frankly that with some of the other changes that we’ve made, we expect very little increase in that area, even in the June and going forward quarters.
Jack Prim: We’ve seen very good growth in the software backlog, which is different. And you’re right, David, anything is changing, it is just been our ability to predict what is going to happen with discretionary items like license fees and hardware. So, I doubt whether we’ll follow the typical patterns that we’ve seen, the Q3 down and Q4 up, frankly is anybody’s guess right now. We did not expect to see the kind of fall-off in Q2 compared to the pretty miserable Q2, a year ago. If you take hardware, probably a dozen individual line items of hardware related things that we track, every single one of them was down. I don’t think a single line item was up. Whether it’s sorter, servers, processors, scanners, you name it, every line item is down. I think some of that is just financial institutions, trying to squeeze the last possible mileage out of the existing equipment. I think some of it is it would affect the hardware and software would be the continued trend from in-house to an outsourcing preference. On some of the hardware, you certainly would believe that there’s some pent-up need that if your server infrastructure needs to be the place, and milking it sooner or later, you’re going to have to send the money there. I think hardware is going to bounce around, license fees, the nature, as I mentioned, we have some nice wins with the Alogent product, and it’s the large financial institutions which certainly helped the backlog. Those implementations tend to be a little more customized in these larger financial institutions, so, we don’t recognize the revenue upfront like we traditionally do with a packaged product that we roll out. We’ve to recognize that on a more of a percentage of completion bases now. There’s good news on that, it’s license fees, it’s high margin and it’s somewhat more predictable in the sense that it’s going to roll out over the next 12 months instead of being a big pop in the December quarter and then you’re back to a strange comparable again. The bad news is, you don’t get it all in the December quarter, when you might have been nice to have had. So, again, it’s a rambling answer to your question, but I think the ability for us at this point to accurately forecast what’s going to happen in any given quarter with hardware and software is just considerably different than it used to.
Jack Prim: I don’t know, Jon that I think they’re looking at it more. We had a pretty strong move in that direction last year. We continue to see solid interest, we’ve seen growing interest from Credit Union, and so I think I would say we’re just continuing to, to see solid interest. I don’t know that it’s anymore than what we’ve seen in recent years.Jon Maietta – Needham and Company: Okay. And then, Kevin, taking into consideration the puts and takes with one-time expenses, wages coming back, would you expect G&A roughly to be down sequentially next quarter? Or should we think of it as being flattish or....
Jack Prim: Yes, Gil, I think it’s all of that. I think there’s certainly a concern about potential loss fee income in the forms of overdraft and interchange fees. I think that is even though there is somewhat less shell shock related to special assessments those are still pretty big numbers. And that’s just the ones that they know about right now and depending on what happens with bank failures, there’s still the opportunity for that to go up. So I think those things are still there. I would say that I think the biggest issue impacting our customers at this point and impacting their confidence and willingness to spend is unemployment. A year ago the issues seemed like they were going to be confined to a dozen very large financial institutions on Wall Street that were involved with exotic securities and other things, which our customers weren’t involved with, but I think the reality is that 10%, plus unemployment affects everybody, everywhere. And when your customers unemployed, obviously, it’s pretty hard for them to make a car payment or house payment and so non-accruals increased, charge-offs increase and I think, of course, there’s commercial real estate, which I don’t know how to handicap that in terms of what kind of exposures there. Just like with the current situation, there’s going to be certain areas and certain institutions that have more exposure than others. But I think that the biggest overhanging impact is that our customers need to see start to change is the overall economic conditions specifically and unemployment.
Jack Prim: Tim, we certainly have seen in the press releases and heard about it. I think may have recently signed their first U.S. customer for that product, but don’t know that we have a whole lot to add, don’t know we run into it a lot competitively, it seems to us that their initial emphasis with that project is approaching their customer base to get some initial implementation. So don’t know we have a lot of light we can shed on that. We do have the largest presence in credit union of any single platform. We have the larger presence in larger credit unions, anyway you want to define large, and so we feel very good about our position in the marketplace and certainly expect to continue to see a strong competition from a variety of sources.
Jack Prim: Bret, from a residential mortgage impact, in the (inaudible) space, five or six space that have been most impacted is in this environment, I think, certainly, our customers, like everybody’s customers in those areas have struggled, I don’t know that it’s getting a lot worse. As unemployment stays at these levels, if it stays at these levels for an extended period of time, it’s logical to assume that there’ll be more defaults and potentially more foreclosures and issues that our customers have to deal with. But I think that the worst of the residential issues are at least on the table and hopefully declining somewhat. The commercial piece is a little harder for us to pin down. That’s going to depend more on an individual primarily bank and to some extent credit unions approach to the markets. Most of the banks we talk to and ask the question, don’t seem to be overall concerned with their real estate exposure, they tend to do more owner-occupied lending and less of the strip mall financing, those kind of things. There’s exceptions for that, of course. And I think it’s likely that the bigger the bank, the more likely they are to have some exposure to the commercial real estate. So when you get into the $5 billion to $10 billion range, the odds are that they may have gone a little farther appeal and probably done a lot more of that. But I just don’t have a good way of estimating that on the basis at large. But, our gut feel at this point is that it’s not a huge exposure, but there’s as with anything, there’s the ripple effect. What we’re seeing largely right now is the ripple effect of what happened a year ago, which is now driving 10%-plus on employment. If there’s enough commercial real estate failures that take place out there, even if it’s not in our bank’s portfolio, the resulting impact of that again has potential ripple effects that continue to impact the economy and employment, things of that nature. So our feeling is that, for the most part, as a general statement, we think the individual portfolios are probably not that much at risk, but doesn’t mean there isn’t some real potential there.
Jack Prim: It’s primarily focused on credit unions only, probably 50 or 60 of some of our customers that use it. But, a couple of comments I would make is that the ATM debit card adoption or sales of late on the banking side in particular have been stronger than what we have seen in some recent quarters, takes a while to get that implemented and begin to convert that so I think there’s still some good growth opportunity there. Again, the Pemco offerings give us some additional exposure outside of our core customer base for both debit card and credit card transactions routing as well as the fact that now having the credit card capability, probably makes some of the sales to credit unions of our debit card options even better. Because we can now, from a single platform, deliver both credit and debit card transaction processing routing. So if my point would be we’re seeing better sales in recent quarters than what we’ve seen in recent past on the banking side got the reason to believe that the Pemco acquisition will improve our win rates both inside the base and outside on the credit union side.
Tony Wormington: Thanks, Jack. Our support in services revenue grew 19% for the quarter compared to the prior year quarter, a large part of this increase was related to recent acquisitions. However, organically, support and service still grew 5% compared to prior year quarter and 4% sequentially. Our EFT business continues to experience very nice growth in transaction volumes. As a reminder, our EFT revenues consisted of ATM and debit card processing, bill payments and processing, merchant capture and Check 21 image exchange. Our ATM and debit card processing volumes increased 14.3% over the prior year quarter and 3.4% sequentially. Bill payment transaction volumes increased 15.3% over the prior year quarter and 3.7% sequentially. Merchant related transaction volumes increased 51.8% over the prior year quarter and 14.8% sequentially. Financial institutions contracted to utilize our enterprise payment solutions increased 886, or an increase of 6.2% over the prior year quarter. Financial institution merchants installed and utilizing our enterprise payments solution increased to 22,166, representing a 31.9% increase over the prior year quarter. The enterprise payments statistics for merchant-related transaction volumes, financial institutions contracted and their respected merchants do not include volumes for our recent Goldleaf acquisition. What this acquisition has been part of Jack Henry & Associates for over a year, we’ll have comparative data and we will adjust our statistics at that time. Now, I turn it over to Kevin for further look at the numbers.
Tony Wormington: I expect that they’ll be in line with what we’ve got today. The numbers that we had were not broken out the way that we tracked them within our statistics. So we’re needing to have those on board for a year before we begin giving comparative data, but I expect them to be in line with what we’re seeing today. There’re a number of merchants are just slightly less per institution than we have, but I would expect them to be pretty much in line with what we’re doing today.
Tony Wormington: If you’re referring to the margins that are being signed up on a quarterly basis, the number of merchants that are being signed up are really the efforts of the FI. And we don’t have a program specifically per se that is driving additional merchants to sign up other than education and training. We’ve done with the financial institutions to do market, sell their services to their merchants. I think that’s more a display of what we’re seeing generally, in the marketplace, for merchants desire to have remote deposit capture solution.
Tony Wormington: I would tell you that if you look at our Bill Pay trend, what we’ve seen is those percentages are declining somewhat, if you look at them, although we’re up 15% this particular quarter over the prior year quarter, the numbers we have seen in the past were even larger than that. Were up 3.7% sequentially, which bodes well, but part of that probably is the large numbers with some of our competitors versus size of our Bill Pay volumes at this point. We’re seeing good increases and continue to see good increases. Will they continue to be at this level? I suspect they will not. They will continue to trend down slightly in percentages just because of the size of the Bill Pay business as it continues to grow. But we did see an increase sequentially in this particular quarter, which we hadn’t seen as large a sequential increase in prior quarters. So part of that, I also would tell you I think it’s just based on consumer confidence and spending beginning to happening a little more than it had in the prior couple of quarters that we’ve seen with the economic situation that we have out there.
