Kevin Williams: Thank you, Sherrie. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Jack and Associates second quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings call. I’m Kevin Williams, CFO and Treasurer and on the call with me today is David Foss, our President and CEO. In just a minute, I will turn the call over to David to provide some of his thoughts about the state of our business and performance for the quarter and then I will follow that up with some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday after market close and then I will also provide some updated guidance for FY20 and then we will open the lines up for Q&A. First, I need to remind you this call includes certain Forward-Looking Statements including remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these Risk Factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday’s press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and forward-looking statements. Also on this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures including non-GAAP revenue and non-GAAP operating income. The reconciliation for historical non-GAAP financial measures can be found also in yesterday's press release. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
Kevin Williams: The only thing I would add to that is if you remember last fiscal year we signed 57 new core customers. We signed 22 new core customers this year-to-date. So we are keeping pretty much on a pace of one a week actually for the last couple of years, as we continue to convert and migrate those customers over to our platforms that is going to continue to drive both core complimentary revenue. And as Dave mentioned this on his comments, we continue to see a very solid move of our existing in-house customers from in-house to outsourcing, which is just very nice built in organic revenue as we move those customers over and we get a larger wallet share out of those institutions.
Kevin Williams: And just a reminder of those customers are typically in-house customers. So if we would have to lose them we are losing in-house maintenance and none of those customers represent more than 1% of our revenue.
Kevin Williams: No. I mean, the dollar amounts I gave previously Kartik, I think are still pretty solid. I think there is still some potential upside to those numbers. You know, we always try to be somewhat conservative and cautious when we give numbers like that. The numbers I gave for savings that we are going to see as we shut the two platforms down in Q4 this year and Q2 of next year. Obviously as Dave mentioned, we are still on course to get all of our core customers off in Q4 and then the remaining non-core customers off the second platform off by the end of Q2. So, we will see those nice costs and obviously if you kind of take those costs savings that we are going to see that I have provided in the past and just throw those into this year's quarter, obviously the margins look a whole lot better.
Kevin Williams: So John this is Kevin. I mean, we have talked about this many times, if you think back three to four years ago when we started this migration, we were losing quite a few customers off our debit platform, because we did not have the technology they wanted. When we made this move, little over two years ago and came out and told the world that we were going to make this move, we kind of stopped the bleeding, but we were still losing customers. We had customers that had already signed to leave at the time. So about a year ago, we finally - totally stopped the bleeding. We started signing a few new customers as David mentioned. We signed quite a few new customers last year. We continue to sign them this year and we are not losing those customers now. So the growth that we are seeing right now, and I predicted this a year ago and I was very hesitant to do it, I think as accelerated payments growth is going to - we are going to see that for the foreseeable future because of the new wins that we are having. And obviously the new wins that Dave mentioned, we signed this quarter, none of those are even producing any revenue yet.
Kevin Williams: And one of the things there Joe is, again, I think we have very clear focus. We go to the market primary with two flagship products, SilverLake on the bank side and [X] (Ph) from the credit side, and those are the products that we spend our R&D dollars on. And you know, SilverLake was ticked last year by [indiscernible] is the best core system for banks in the $1 billion to $50 billion space. So, when you get that reputation and you have the core products to wrap all that new technology that Dave mentioned around those things. The combination of all that I think is why we continue to win and continue to win in the market.
Kevin Williams: Well, I mean, Joe obviously we know what our cost is in the platforms that we are running on those for our debit card systems today. We know the personnel that will be going away, so we know what those hard dollar costs are and there is additional cost throughout the organization that we will also be able to eliminate. So for the numbers that I gave and the numbers that are going to go away kind of in two big tranches in Q4 this year and Q2 of next year, I’m extremely confident that those costs will go away and we will see very nice increase in margins in both Q1 and Q3 of the next fiscal year.
Kevin Williams: Well, I don't know if mid-teens is sustainable Glenn, but I mean, if you look back over the last two years, our outsourcing has been growing at the 12% to 13% range. So, I mean, it popped up a little bit, but I think in that 12% to 14% is very sustainable.
Kevin Williams: Well, a couple of things Dave. I mean If you look over historical numbers, you are absolutely right. We have always been extremely strong in Q1 and Q4 because of our annual maintenance billings, but as our business continues to shift to more, not only recurring, but more of a monthly billing and a cash inflow from our private cloud and our outsourcing and also for our payments, then our Q2 and Q3 are no longer cash burning quarters. They are both starting to generate nice cast. So it is starting to level out a little bit. And to that point, if you look back our trailing 12 months, we are just a little over 99% conversion of net income to free cash flow. So we are getting right back up to that 100%. I think, again when we get into FY21, I think our conversion rate is going to be well back up by 100% conversion, as we are able to take those additional costs out. 
Kevin Williams: You are exactly on point. So the rest of year is going to be bright at 8% and we are going to finish the year gap like I said over 9% and non-GAAP a little over 8% for the year.
Kevin Williams: Well, so this is Kevin. I don't think you are going to see much seasonal change because I mean we are 86% recurring revenue now and that is only going to get bigger. Payments continue to make up about 36% of our revenue. Our outsourcing and private cloud offerings are about 25% or 26% of our revenue and the balance of the recurring revenue is in-house maintenance, which is slowly shifting over to outsourcing, which those margins continue to improve a little bit as our payments business continues to get larger. So as I said in my opening comments, once we get through the first half of 2021 and get those additional costs taken out, we are going to go back to our more traditional margins and at that point we will go back to getting some traditional margin expansion of 50 to a 100 bips a year for the foreseeable future.
David Foss: Thank you, Kevin and good morning everyone. We are pleased to report another quarter with strong revenue and earnings growth. As always, I would like to begin today by thanking our associates for all the hard work that went into producing those results for our second fiscal quarter. For Q2 of fiscal 2020 total revenue increased 9% for the quarter and increased 8% on a non-GAAP basis. The conversion fees were up about $1 million over the prior year quarter, so although that variance contributed to our overall revenue performance, it wasn't the explanation for this very strong quarter. Turning to the segments, we again had a solid quarter in the core segment of our business. Revenue increased by 7% for the quarter and increased by 6% on a non-GAAP basis. Our payments segments also performed well posting a 10% increase in revenue this quarter on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. We also had a strong quarter in our complimentary solutions businesses with a 10% increase in revenue this quarter and an 8% increase on an non-GAAP basis. As I mentioned in the press release, our sales teams again had a very solid quarter and total sales bookings are now running 18% ahead of last year's record pace. In the second fiscal quarter, we booked 17 competitive core takeaways and 20 deals to move existing in-house customers to our private cloud environment. We also saw very strong bookings and our payments and complimentary solution segments. We signed 30 new clients to our new debit card processing solution and three new clients on the credit card side of the business. All of those 33 card contracts and 17 competitive core takeaways represent new revenue to Jack Henry. Our banner digital platform also experienced very strong demand with 25 new clients signing for the full digital suite. As you may have noticed, we published a press release last Thursday regarding the availability of our new JHA bank anywhere solution. I'm happy to announce that we currently have four banks in live production on bank anywhere and have several more in the queue to be installed. This solution is a cloud based core and digital banking solution offered to digital only banks. It leverages the complete set of open APIs built by our - team to enable easy connectivity to the core and other complimentary functions. If the digital bank is our new charter, we can provide the core and the API connectivity they need to integrate solutions from virtually any Fintech provider. If the digital bank is an offshoot of a traditional brick and mortar institution, we can deploy bank anywhere regardless of the core system that traditional bank is running. This solution is just another example of the many innovative technology solutions being offered today by Jack Henry to help our banking clients compete in the digital world. Regarding our new debit and credit processing solution, we now have well over 600 customers live on the new platform. This count includes 73 customers installed as new debit clients rather than as migrations and 13 new full service credit clients now live on the platform. We have approximately 300 of our debit clients yet to migrate, but as I mentioned on the last call, we suspended our migrations during the holidays, because banks and credit unions don't like to implement changes to their card programs during that time of the year. We completed another round of migrations in January and remain on-track to complete the migration process during calendar 2020. Although we haven't done a press release on this, I'm happy to announce during December we became the first processor in the country to bring a financial institution live with the real time payments network through the clearing house, and we will bring the second customer live later this month. As I mentioned on the last call, our pace center solution has been designed to allow us to connect clients to the real time payments network in groups rather than one at a time. Additionally, we provide connectivity through this single platform to multiple providers, which facilitates a more logical and efficient approach for our clients than any other processor in the market today. As we begin the second half of our fiscal year, we continue to be optimistic about the strengths of our technology solutions, our abilities to deliver outstanding service to our customers, our ability to expand our customer relationships, the spending environment, and our long-term prospects for success.  With that, I will turn it over to Kevin for some detail on the numbers.
David Foss: Sure. Well you know it is no secret that some of our competitors have more dominant position in the upper tiers of the market. But we are well positioned; we have talked many times on these calls about all the solutions that we have been rolling out to serve larger financial institutions. The thing that I would encourage you to keep in mind though and I feel great about our position with some of these deals that are happening right now. But you know, the thing to keep in mind is these days the core represents certainly a nice piece of the business. But because so many of our solutions are offered through the Profit Stars candles today, meaning they are provided regardless of what the core solution is. It is possible for us these days to lose on the core side and still have it be a win for Jack Henry. Because those larger institutions oftentimes are in-house rather than hosted and so they are not paying nearly the rate of the hosted customer, you know on our private cloud. And if they retain some of the complimentary solutions which are hosted in private cloud at Jack Henry, now that can end up being a real win for Jack Henry. So we are in several of those deals and we are well positioned to win those deals. But as you point out, we are not the dominant player in that space. And so if we were to lose on the core side, there is still a tremendous amount of opportunity for Jack Henry in the non-core piece of business with those customers.
David Foss: Yes. So it is a good question Kartik . So I didn't want to give the impression on the last call and I certainly wouldn't on this call that we haven't lost any customers. But the good news is, I think every one of them, I maybe shouldn't say every, but the vast majority that have gone away, and there aren't that many, have been because they were acquired along the way. So we have had 30 or so customers 40 somewhere in that range that have been acquired or merged along the way. And so, you know, when they get acquired, sometimes their business is combined with somebody else, if it is a Jack Henry customer, they potentially go to a different platform. So we have lost a few along the way because of mergers, but I don't know of more than a handful that we have lost, because they have decided that you are going to put us through a conversion we ought to maybe look at other solutions, let's look at going someplace else. So, that has been a very small number, but there have been some as I mentioned, have been lost because of M&A. But, I would offset that with all of these new customers that we have signed, I have headlined in here the 73 are live already and we have a number in the queue, 73 that we are not paying Jack Henry of anything before on the debit processing side, before - this new platform.
David Foss: Okay. I can't give you an accurate number as far as last quarter, but you know my key point there was we are up 18% year-to-date over last year at this time. So again, it is not a comparison to quota, it is a comparison to actual performance last year by the sales team bookings up 18%. I can't give you an accurate number as compared to last quarter. Last quarter was strong, but the second quarter combined with the first quarter produced this really outstanding run rate for the half of the year. As far as when things translate to revenue, because today most of the solutions that we sign are – we are delivering as a hosted solution regardless of whether it is core or any of the other things we deliver, it is rare for us anymore to sell a licensed copy of software. And so in every one of those instances then where it is hosted in the cloud delivery, that revenue is layered in overtime. So, with core conversion usually you start to see processing revenue a year or so after we signed the deal. Payments, contract you can start to see revenue often times within a quarter or two. So, it just depends on what the solution is, what the timing is, and sometimes that is driven by us, you know we need X amount of time in order to complete the conversion. Sometimes it is driven by the financial institution because they need to do training and make sure everybody's ready for whatever it is that we are delivering. So, it is all over the Board as far as when things get layered in when the revenue starts to produce. But I think the key point in that is today it is rare for us to see it in the same quarter or the next quarter, because it is so rare for us to sell a licensed version of the solution.
David Foss: Well John, we still have the same accounting noise, because remember under 606, Q1 is going to continue to be a very strong quarter, because of all the software's and service that we sell in subscription software. We recognize 100% of that revenue in Q1. So I mean Q2 was actually strong enough. Otherwise going to be Q3 and Q4 will be a little slower growth in the first half just because Q1 will continue to be our strongest quarter under the new 606 rules.
David Foss: It is a good question, Joe. I have been hesitant on these calls in the past to say that our major competitors are so distracted that that is going to create a whole bunch of opportunity for Jack Henry. I have had a number of people in the industry suggest that that is happening, it is probably going to happen. Our win rates is running right now on the core side at a little over one new core deal per week, and we have been at that pace for about two and a half years now. We see a lot of interest in Jack Henry solutions as I mentioned before, sales are up overall. Can I attribute that to our competitors taking their eye off the ball? I don't know that I'm prepared to do that yet. But we are certainly engaged in a lot of deals right now and the pace of activity with Jack Henry is, I don't know if I can say at an all time high, but it is probably about an all time high right now as far as interest in Jack Henry solutions and the pace of interest that we see out there in the market. And I'm not ready to describe that to anything specific happening with our competitors, I just know there is a lot of interest in Jack Henry technology solutions.
David Foss: Yes, I do. I think it is a solid observation. So, we have spent a lot of time, particularly in the last year and a half or two years talking about all these new technology solutions we have rolled out, treasury management and the Banno suite and digital suite and our enterprise risk management solution. I just today talked about I think anywhere, we have been in the market almost a year, but we haven't talked about it on this call yet, because we wanted to make sure that everything proved out. And so, yes, I think you are right. It is a combination of new look and feel, new user experience for some of the solutions that we have had for awhile. Then we rolled out a number of new technologies from the ground up, new technology to our customers and prospects that we just didn't have two or three years ago. And so I think you are on the right track there with the idea that it is kind of a refreshed and a much broader suite than we had previously. And then you add to that some of the acquisitions that we have done recently. So, we haven't done - the recollections you have seen us doing in the last two, three years haven't been needle movers as far as revenue is concerned, but they have definitely been needle movers from a strategic point of view. So, we have created this very robust commercial lending center suite now that is getting a lot of attention. I didn't even talk about it on today's call, but I have talked about it many times in past. So, that was a very intentional move of - few - little acquisitions that we put together to create that new solution. The Geezeo acquisition, Kevin highlighted the revenue contribution on the call earlier. That is not a needle mover for Jack Henry, but from a strategy point of view, it definitely makes us a differentiated solution with our digital suite. So, I think the combination of all of those things has positioned us well. The challenge when you are in our business is, you are never done. You constantly have to be re-examining your solutions and refreshing and trying to find that opportunity to differentiate from everybody else. But, I feel great about how we are position today with the things that we have been talking about on these calls for the last couple of years.
David Foss: Yes. Good question Peter. Two years ago or a year and a half ago or whenever it was Cecil was definitely a catalyst for us and I was excited to talk about Cecil back then. Today, although we had the first wave, I guess January 1st went into effect. For the second wave, the timeline has been extended and so Cecil is definitely not a driver right now. Everybody who needed it by January 1, has it. And for those that needed it in the second wave, the smaller institutions, they have been given an extra reprieve. So there is not much action right now when it comes to Cecil. And beyond that no major regulatory change that is driving revenue for us or any of our competitors, you know, there is just not a lot happening there that is producing revenue. Obviously we have a lot of expense around regulation. We are constantly having to ensure that our systems comply, but no revenue drivers right now being fueled by regulatory change.
David Foss: That is the unique piece of that solution is that it does all of those. So it is designed to be an online commercial lending solution. Meaning the borrower can apply for a commercial loan online, all electronic. So they don't have to drop off paper forms at the financial institution. They can do everything electronic. It has a quick decision engine that came through one of the small acquisitions that we did. So if the bank chooses, they can automate the decision process. So for a smaller commercial loan, the borrower can get an automated decision back in an hour or 30 minutes or whatever the bank sets. For larger loans, they would normally send it to a loan committee or at least some more formal review, but still can provide the response to online to the commercial borrower. And then for the bank. So it is not just the front end origination of the loan to the borrower, it is for the bank to manage the loan through the life of the loan. So as requirements come up, for example, on an annual basis for the banker to receive financial statements and review and approve those financial statements. That is all automated into the same platform. So, the backend functionality at the bank is there as well. So, it is completely differentiated as compared to any other solution out there that is doing online commercial lending offering. So, people who kind of dig into it, commercial lenders who dig into it are pretty impressed and love the solution. And the Chief Loan Officer for the financial institution likes it, because it is a tool that allows the lender to be more efficient and spend more time with their clients and less time administering or dealing with [administrative] (Ph). So, being widely tailed by lenders as a productivity tool as well.
David Foss: Well for the quarter it was Glen. But, if you look at the first half of the year, so that is 23 or 24 for the first half of the year, which is why I said earlier, our pace for the last two and a half years has been one a week, and we are continuing on that pace. So, you know sometimes the thing about core decisions is they can lapse over into the next quarter, so we didn't have as many as normal in the first quarter, but a lot of those were really close to signing, they fell into the second quarter, so it kind of evens out. So, I'm very comfortable saying we are on the same pace, which is leading the industry by far, the same pace that we have been on for the last two and a half years or so, which is about one new core customer per week.
David Foss: Yes, I wish I could give you an absolute answer, Glenn. I think it is a combination of several of those things, as I highlighted earlier on the call. I think these new solutions that we have rolled out here in the past two, three years are getting a lot of attention, a lot of demand, the payments platform, the treasure management solution, the Banno Digital suite, commercial lending center suite, enterprise risk, all these things that we have been talking about that we have rolled out in the last couple of years are creating demand not only for the solutions, but they are creating kind of a refreshed view objective - in the space as a leader when it comes to new technology and doing innovative things with technology. I think it is a combination of a variety of things and when you are winning at the pace that we have been on the core side, people hear about that. And so, then there is some of that chatter that happens. How come these guys are winning these core deals? They must be doing something right. And I think it is a combination of all those things coming together and right now, we don't see that slowing down.
David Foss: Sure. We signed seven a treasury in the quarter. We have 36 lives now. And I didn't bring the statistics with me. I just got the numbers for a number of businesses and number of users, live on the platform, it is impressive, the number of businesses and the end users at those businesses using the platform. But 36 institutions live today.
David Foss: I'm not going to talk specifically about any negotiations. But just in general, I think the banks of that size, it has been interesting a lot of those conversations because there is a great deal of dissatisfaction, in fact, more than I realized. I have been in this business 34-years. A great deal of dissatisfaction among the banks of those size, around the topics of integration, and the ease of connecting to third-parties, whether it be through a traditional tool or an API set. There is a lot of frustration, a lot of demand among those customers. So that bodes well for Jack Henry. We have a great track record of open connectivity, developing tools that really make life easier for the institution, put that together with all of these new solutions that we have been rolling out that are specifically designed for larger institutions. We are scoring a lot of points there. Now, it is no secret, and I referenced it earlier on the call, you know if you don't have a track-record in that space, say about $50 billion in assets, that is a difficult decision for somebody to say, okay, I think I will be the first one to partner with these guys to go into that space on the core side. So there are ongoing conversations, we are scoring points, but then there are things that work against us and we are just going to continue hammering away at it. But for Jack Henry, we are committed to moving up market and you have seen us make a lot of moves here in the past a few years, and that we are going to continue moving in that direction. But you know, we don't have to be the dominant player among the $100 billion banks to be successful. We have lots of runway here doing what we are doing and have been doing kind of slowly but surely growing up into that space.
David Foss: I don't know that there is anything to worry about. It potentially affects all of us that are in this space that offer imaging solutions, whether it be image viewing through an internet or digital banking solution, whether it be capturing text and converting them to images. All of those technologies, which all of us that are major players in the space offer those technologies, those are - potentially come into play for all of us. But at this stage of the game, I wouldn't categorize it as something to worry about, but it certainly is something that we have our eyes on.
David Foss: Sure Dave. I will get survey information here within the next month or so I think. There are a couple of surveys that we depend on every year. So, everything I will share with you is anecdotal. But the thing that I can say is, in the fall of each year, I think you know, I host a CEO conference on the banking side and separate one credit union side. And so, those conversations, we usually have, you know, 200, 300 CEOs at those meetings, those conversations often we ended up talking about the future for spending, their demand for technology and so on. And I can tell you as of this late fall, just before the holiday season, CEO optimism and their commitment to continue to spend was still there. I mean in particular things like digital. So that is why I think a lot of demand we have talked about here around digital, any of them are trying to figure out how to modernize the consumer experience for their consumers and what are the tools they can use to monetize that.  So that brings into play the online commercial lending center suite we talked about, it brings into play the Banno suite that we talked about. So CEO optimism continues to be high. They have kind of adjusted to the interest rate environment that they live in. They are not happy about it, but they have adjusted to it and we don't see that slowing down. And that is anecdotal. I will get more formal survey information here certainly before the next earnings call, but I don't expect a major shifts just based on what I'm hearing from the CEOs talk to.
David Foss: Yes. It is a good question. I think for me the only nuance there would be the larger banks are intensely focused on their efficiency ratio and are looking for what are those tools that can help drive their efficiency ratio up. The smaller banks, the efficiency ratio is a topic, but they are not as intensely focused, not as ready to go spend money just to improve efficiency ratio with larger banks that is absolutely a key topic for them. That is probably the major difference that I see in the conversations.
David Foss: Thanks Sherrie. First of all, I would like to point out that, once again we will be holding our Annual Analyst Day in the Dallas, Texas area on Monday, May 11th and to Brett Huff’s point something we will have the Mini Tech Fair again. So, some of the products that we will be highlighting there would be our digital solutions, the commercial lending platform, our payments platform that we have spent so much time talking about and treasury and cash management. So, invitations will be going out in the next few weeks for that event. We hope many of you on this call and others can make it to the event this year. Now, we are pleased with results from our ongoing operations and the efforts of all of our associates to take care of our customers. Our executives, managers and all of our associates continue to focus on what is best for our customers and our shareholders. I want to thank you again for joining us today. And Sherrie, will you please now provide the playback number.
