Kevin Williams: Thanks, Kevin, good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Jack Henry & Associates Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Call. I'm Kevin Williams, Chief Financial Officer. With me today is Jack Prim, CEO; and hopefully joining us shortly, Tony Wormington, President.  The agenda for the call this morning is similar to what we've done in the past. Jack will start out with some highlights of the quarter. Then, we'll provide some additional operational highlights. Then, I will provide some additional comments on the press release we've put out yesterday and provide additional comments on the financials. And finally, we will open up after that for Q&A and take your questions and hopefully, try to answer all of your questions that you may have. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions today concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number for risks and uncertainties, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K, entitled Risk Factors and Forward-looking statements. With that, I will now turn it over to Jack Prim. 
Kevin Williams: It was up about 20%, if I remember it correctly, from last year in this quarter due to some large projects we've got going on, especially in our credit union side. Cap software for this year should be about level in FY '13 for where it was in FY '12 because a lot of these -- the majority of these projects are long-term projects. We've got the experienced project on the bank side. That is an ongoing project and then some large projects on the credit union side, our multiyear arrangement side. I think cap software in 2013 will be somewhere in line from where it was in 2012. 
Kevin Williams: Primarily, it's professional associate costs and some litigation settlements that occurred in this quarter last year that were not in this quarter. 
Kevin Williams: Well, that's a wild card, John. I don't know that we have any more wildcards like we had in this quarter because that was just an IRS audit, which obviously, when you have a refund like that, it actually has to go in front of the -- a federal tax joint committee to get approval on that, so the timing of that was unknown. It happened this quarter, so we had to book it. But for FY '13, you all should probably, at this point, John, use 36%, best guess. The wildcard is the R&D credit that's there. And I think, that's probably the only wildcard out there that I'm aware of this year. 
Kevin Williams: Okay, but, John, remember there's no electronic payments in backlog. Outsourcing backlog is just data and item processing, so we can't really tie those 2 together. The growth in electronic payments is just coming from increased adoption and I'll tell you, the decrease in bank failures. 
Kevin Williams: Well, Pete, I would tell that currently we have a little over $200 million in cash. We've got about $125 million left on our term note, but the all-in cost of debt on that is about 3%, so I don't know that we're any hurry to accelerate payments on the term debt. We'll probably keep some dry powder. Obviously, we would love to find the right acquisition, and there's some out there, but finding the right one that fits our requirements, as you know, has always been challenging to find the right ones. But we will keep looking. We still think that's the best use of our cash. But having said that, without finding the right acquisitions, I'm sure we will continue to opportunistically buy back some stock. 
Kevin Williams: I don't know if we can decrease them anymore. We've been very good at maintaining our -- especially G&A and R&D for several years. I mean, selling and marketing continues to go up. R&D continues to up as a percentage of revenue. We have done a very good job of holding G&A in line and getting leverage for several years now. I don't know if we can take that down any lower as a percentage. A lot of that depends on the wildcards, the litigation and different things out there that we have no control over that flush through G&A. But I think we can maintain the percentage of revenue at similar levels going forward through FY '13. 
Kevin Williams: I don't know if I'd say it'd be easier because the wildcard you've got in the gross margins is implementation revenue that can bounce around a lot -- quite a bit, and that can have the biggest impact on our margin in any given quarter. But I think for the year, there's some potential expansion in gross margins, as we continue to see the trend from our in-house customer needing outsourcing. We continue to bring on new customers, and our payments business continues to grow. As far as the operating margin line, I think there's still some probably leverage in the G&A line. Selling and marketing will continue to go up, as revenue goes up. R&D will continue to be 6-ish percent of total revenue, so as revenue growth because we'll move up in a bigger banks. So I think there are some potential leverage to both lines, but I don't know that one's any easier than the other. 
Kevin Williams: Interest income was basically from the settlement from the income tax. We got some interest from that, and then there was another settlement that we got some interest income from. So that won't be there going forward. 
Kevin Williams: Well, I mean, obviously, Brett, the number of failures is down this year from last year, and the size is down. Jack mentioned at the analyst day, the real impact and headwind to us depends on which customers it is, depends on whether they're in-housed or outsourced. It also depends on what are those failed institutions out there our customers are buying, whether they go in-house or outsources because there's a lot of different variables out there that you can look at. Are the headwinds getting fewer? Yes, just because the number of failed institutions is going down. But how do we quantify that into decreased headwinds? I mean it's kind of a crystal ball right now at this point. It's is it going down? Yes. How much? At -- in any given quarter, I don't know I'm ready to say that. 
Kevin Williams: Which is the basically the same guess I gave last year, and the reason I give that guidance is -- rather than EPS -- is because I -- in answering your earlier question, the tax rate is a wildcard. If you want to assume a tax rate of 36%, then you're going to get about the same leverage to net income that  we're going to get to operating income. If the R&D credit kicks back in, then net income is going to be significantly higher new, it will be in  the double-digit growth. So I'm just trying to give you all what I think you should put in your models in. You all can put your own income tax rate and whatever else in there. 
Kevin Williams: It'll be -- potentially a slight [indiscernible], but not too nice it was this year; and also, our CapEx for this year was $41.4 million, which is up from last year. That is probably about the same run we'll have in FY '13 from a CapEx perspective. As we've got some of these projects like the data center consolidation and other things going. 
John Prim: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to the call. We are pleased to announce record revenue and earnings for the fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year 2012. We reached 2 noteworthy milestones in the quarter, as we finished the fiscal year with over $1 billion in annual revenue and a total market capitalization in of excess of $3 billion. We want to express our appreciation to our 11,000-plus customers for their continued business and our over 4,900 associates whose hard work on behalf of our customers continues to make this company a success. Total revenue increased 7% for the quarter and 6% for the full year, all of which was organic.  Operating income grew 5% for the quarter and 9% for the full year in line with or slightly ahead of our year-ago guidance. Net income and earnings per share grew 18% in the quarter and 15% and 12%, respectively for the year, both well ahead of our year-ago guidance. The economic environment appears very much as it did a year ago, stable and slowly improving and there continues to be a downward trend in the number of bank failures. While uncertainty remains in the political environment and on the international economic front, we believe the balance sheets of our customers are in better shape to withstand potential economic setbacks than they were in 2009. We saw another favorable sales environment during the year, with all of our brands, JHA banking Symitar and ProfitStars finishing ahead of their sales targets for the year. We saw a strong banking core systems sale including several in the mid-tier segment. Symitar continued to lead the credit union industry and new core system sales as it has for more than a decade. With 3 signings of credit unions over $1 billion in assets, Symitar further expanded its lead as the preferred solution for large credits unions, with 37% of this segment of the market now committed to the Episys platform. ProfitStars had strong cross sales to its non-core customer base, which now numbers almost 10,000 institutions. Our payment products had strong sales and transaction growth throughout the year. We tied a previous record high number of current in-house customers committing to outsource processing, and that combined with the high percentage of new core sales committing to outsourcing, 90% of new banking wins and 60% of new credit union wins allowed us to show a 10% sequential increase in our backlog and a 21% increase year-over-year. While delivering a solid financial performance for our shareholders, we also maintained our industry-leading customer satisfaction scores well ahead of our corporate targets. We are pleased to have recently announced 2 new members to our Board of Directors. Jackie Fiegel and Tom Wimsett, will bring solid banking and payments experience to our board, and we look forward with their input and direction. With that, I'll ask Tony to provide some additional information on the business. 
John Prim: No. Peter, as we indicated previously, we're-- that's looking to be completed in the fourth calendar quarter, so by the end of December. It is progressing right in line with what we had talked about. There will be some slight improvements in margin between that and another consolidation project that we have going on that would likely show up in our fourth fiscal quarter. Both of those are going to be completed in the fourth calendar quarter of 2012 with some slight improvements to be seen in the fourth fiscal quarter FY '13. 
John Prim: Yes. It's a little bit of the time. It's not -- its kind of going to continue to be a gradual thing. We're still going over. We still had a few failures this year but fewer than last year and smaller than some previous year. So I definitely think we're gaining on it. 
John Prim: Brett, to the extent that we can look at previous failures of our customers and when they fail, we certainly can look at, okay, well, we got to grow over that particular slice of revenue, and that's pretty well baked into the guidance that Kevin gave earlier. But beyond that, as Kevin said, there's just a lot of variables, which ones and when and how big, those kind of things that are really hard to predict. 
