Kevin Williams: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for the Jack & Associates Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Call. I'm Kevin Williams, CFO and Treasurer. On the call with me today is David Foss, President and CEO. The agenda for the call this morning is similar to what we've done in the past. In just a few minutes, I'll turn the call over to Dave to provide some of his thoughts about the state of the business, the performance of the quarter. Then I will provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday after market close, provide some updated guidance for FY 2018, and then we'll open the line for questions. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statements about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
Kevin Williams: Well, as I said, I mean, if we have any expense in FY 2018, it will probably be at the very end of the year, because remember, we've made this very clear on the fourth quarter call and the Analyst Day, that by on-boarding all of our customers and all new customers starting in January of 2018, we'll be going on the new platform for the agreement that we signed at PSCU and FDC. There will be some duplicate costs and some other pressures on our margins, probably for the next two years, until we can get one of the platforms shut down as we get these customers migrated over. So I don't see much expansion, if any, on our margins, in our operating margins for FY 2018. I was pleased with the operating margin expansion that we saw in FY 2017, if you back out all the noise of almost 100 bps for the quarter and a slight increase for the year. But I think if we can just maintain our margins pretty much in line for FY 2018, I'll be pretty happy.
Kevin Williams: Which is why I think we - with that and the increase in taxes, is why I'd say, we'd probably need to trim EPS consensus by about $0.10 for the entire year. And those two factors is what makes that up.
Kevin Williams: That is kind of a one-time event. We actually expect our bundled revenue to be basically flat for this year, as we continue getting ready for the implementation of ASC 606 next July 1.
Kevin Williams: Well, like I said, we pretty much got to the ramped up position where we needed to be for developers in the major areas this last year. Our cap software kind of trended down a little bit this year. I think we're probably going to see that again this year, a slight trend down. True CapEx should be relatively flat to maybe down a little bit in FY 2018. So I think you should see a positive impact in both operating and free cash flow into next year. And again, a lot of this comes down to some of the timing of the working capital things. But hopefully, in FY 2018, our true final free cash flow will be closer to - in line with net income for the year.
Kevin Williams: I will say that one indicator that we always kind of look to is attendance at our national education conferences. And as Dave mentioned in his opening comment, our credit union is later this month and banking is in October. And we already have record attendance signed up for our Symitar Educational Conference. And I think if I'm right, record attendance of prospects are also signed up to be there.
Kevin Williams: It's high margin, Glenn, but it's not a 100%, because there is also some selling costs and other costs that are related that were sitting in prepaid costs that get rolled out to. So the margins are probably somewhere around 50% in that revenue.
Kevin Williams: Yeah, let me just clarify. When we talk about sales quota, what we measure is actual margin, so it's not really contract value or revenue. It is margin, so like on the service bureau that our sales people get, and on payments they get a discounted rate, a margin calculation based on the terms of the contract. So our actual sales, compared to quota, growth over year was just right at 8% excluding Alogent from last year.
Kevin Williams: Well, the EPS was down, Eric, because the deconversion fees were obviously lower than what we anticipated are going to be for the fourth quarter. And unlike bundled revenue deconversion fees is literally 100% that drops to the bottom-line. So that was the impact on reported margins and reported EPS.
Kevin Williams: Which, again, deconversion fees, we have no control over. That's just when one of our gets acquired, when they actually sign the paperwork, actually deconvert and we get check in hand, so that is when we are required to recognize the revenue. We can't recognize before then. So when it happens it happens, which is why I always try to report what those numbers were so you can back them out and you can actually see what true operations, ongoing operations are for the company.
Kevin Williams: Well, and this is starting January 1 of - or July 1 of 2018. What ASC 606 and it's not - it's not a real clear change in accounting. But I can tell you that we're going to go back sort of the way we used to report revenue. The only thing that we'll kind of be tied together is license and implementation. Maintenance will no longer be tied to that, because the requirement for vendor-specific objective evidence, VSOE, goes out the door. So we can literally go back to basically report it the way we used to, which means as far as the license, and implementations, and things, we'll actually be able to recognize pieces and parts of that quicker than we - under the current structure with the bundling, because obviously under bundling you can't report any revenue until you deliver the last piece of a contract. Going forward, under 606, all those pieces get broken apart and you can recognize these separate pieces as long as you can come up with a best-estimated sales price on each one of those pieces. And I'm not going to get into what impact it has on long-term outsourcing of the contracts, because that's really bizarre, the way we have to treat some of that. We'll talk about that some other time.
David Foss: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report another strong, albeit somewhat noisy operating quarter. As in the past, I'd like to begin today by thanking our associates for all the hard work that went into producing those results for our fourth fiscal quarter. As we've discussed previously, we divested our Alogent division at the end of last year, so the comparable quarter again includes a headwind for revenue growth. As you've probably seen yesterday's press release include the chart designed to help explain the impact of that deal, deconversions and other items impacting our numbers this quarter. Kevin will review that information during his remarks. Total revenues increased 5% for the quarter and increased 9% excluding the impact of deconversion fees from both quarters and excluding Alogent revenue from the prior year quarter. Organic revenue growth was also 5% for the quarter. Our payments businesses continue to perform well, posting a 4% increase in revenue this quarter and a 6% increase, excluding the impact of deconversion fees. Our outsourcing and cloud revenue growth for the quarter was 3%, and if you exclude the impact of deconversion fees from both quarters, we saw a very solid 10% increase. All of our sales teams had an outstanding fourth quarter, finishing at combined 113% of quota. The core teams closed 15 new core deals including 3 de novo banks and 15 competitive takeaways, which included another $1-billion-plus credit union and a $18 billion bank. We also saw solid success with several of our key strategic solutions like HNS, our Banno digital suite, Treasury Management, and our Enterprise Risk Mitigation Solutions. Later this month, we'll be hosting our annual Symitar Educational Conference in San Diego, which is always a great event. In October, we'll welcome our JHA Banking and ProfitStars' clients to our first combined event in Nashville. These conferences always provide a terrific opportunity for us to hear directly from our clients and understand their strategic priorities. As I mentioned in the press release, our employee engagement and customer satisfaction scores remain very high. When you combine that with the sales-forces performing well, a solid suite of solutions and healthy sales pipeline, I have confidence that we are well positioned for success in the fiscal year 2018. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin for some detail on the numbers.
David Foss: Well, I would - and David, it's Dave Foss. So I would highlight SilverLake, Core Director and Episys as the primary drivers on the Jack Henry side. So Episys, we continue to have great success in the credit union space. As I mentioned, we won another $1 billion credit union with Episys as well as few other credit unions. And then on the banking side, SilverLake being our lead horse if you will, on the banking side, that's the solution that not only won the $18 billion bank that I highlighted, but won I think two of the de novo banks. One, I think was a Core Director decision, but it would be those three. And as far as who we're taking them away from, it's kind of across the board. There's a fair better churn, right, out there right now as far as people looking at new core decisions. And so it wasn't any particular software solution that we beat, it was kind of across the board.
David Foss: Yeah, it's a good question. The FDIC has been actively encouraging new bank startups. And there is a lot of talk today as compared to a couple of years ago. So I don't have any anticipation that we're going to get back to the glory days of 10, 15 years ago, where de-novos were starting up all over the place. But there's absolutely more activity today than there was a year ago around de novo banks. So I think we're at a good pace today. Whether it's sustainable or not, I don't know. But I know there is some good discussion. And I certainly know that the FDIC is actively encouraging startup banks in the U.S. So we're going to continue to follow that. We think it's an opportunity for us, because most of those folks, who startup a new bank, they're looking to grow the bank relatively quickly. And so they're looking for a full slate of products even though they're startup bank, they oftentimes sign for a full slate of products, because they're expecting to grow quickly, usually focused on commercial services. And so those are a good fit for our solution set.
David Foss: So first off is there a - is there interest in a level of deregulation? Absolutely, our banks are very aware of that topic out there. And now, of course, they haven't seen anything meaningful so far, and so they're all kind of still waiting. But the spending environment is strong right now. I think that when you have conversations with the CEOs and Presidents of the banks out there, they're generally optimistic about what the future holds. Don't know yet what the - what regulatory change is going to happen, if any, but they're optimistic. And there's absolutely a shift toward looking at more tools that will help with efficiency within the bank. The efficiency ratio is a key metric for every bank, and this isn't - I'm talking banks not as much on the credit union side, we are on the banking side, definitely a key metric. And so those tools that can help in that regard are definitely top of mind. So one for us, for example, is our enterprise workflow solution, we've talked about it a lot. I think the timing was perfect, when we rolled that out, because a lot of bankers were starting to look at efficiency tools. And we happen to have a state-of-the-art solution new about 1.5 years ago, when that was really becoming top of mind for a lot of banks.
David Foss: And for the banking conference, that's in October, so we still have a few months yet of registration, but for the CEO forum, we do a separate CEO track. We have more CEOs signed up now than we've ever had. So a lot of interest among CEOs and a lot of it is driven by the topic you brought up, David.
David Foss: I don't know, if there's - other than the fact that a lot of bankers and credit unions were kind of holding on to technology that they felt like needed to be refreshed, and today in the economic environment that they're in, they're a little more positive. I can't point at anything much more significant than that. I will say that on the digital front, the tools that banks and credit unions use to serve their consumers, I think consumer demand is driving a lot of that interest. They really recognize that they have to be positioned with state-of-the-art tools to put in the hands of their consumers mobile banking and tools beyond just traditional mobile banking. So that, I think, helps drive some demand on the digital side. But as far as the traditional core business, I think, it's a lot of people sitting on technology for a while, whether it was, because they were waiting to decide if they were going to sell their bank or if they were waiting to see what happened after the election or there are a lot of things that could have been promoting that. But in this environment today, there is a good bit of review going on among banks and credit unions around technology.
David Foss: Sure. As Kevin mentioned in his comments a few minutes ago that we'll really start that in calendar year 2018. So we've been - obviously, the messages out there, we've been messaging with our customers and had great response from our customers. They're enthusiastic about the plan and the story. So we've been working on the integration work that needed to be done. So we'll start transitioning a few customers at the end of this calendar year. And then once we get to the beginning of calendar year 2018, that's when we will really start to do those migrations. But as Kevin also highlighted, new customers that we signed at the end of this year, they will go on the new - the combined platform starting in January next year as well.
David Foss: So we were 113% of quota. So you're looking for me to compare how they did as compared to last year same quarter.
David Foss: Yes. So what will happen - so essentially, the kind of the basis for this partnership is First Data will be the processing engine behind everything that we do, we'll be processing on their Omaha [ph] platform. And then PSCU provides the tools on the front end that we will use to support our customers. They've been a long time First Data partner. They've had integration with First Data for something like 25 years. So they provide the front-end tools. And then we do all of the install, support, sales, everything that needs to happen with our customers is a Jack Henry delivered solution. So we're running the PSCU technology and on top of the First Data platform. While PSCU had that technology in place for quite some time, but in order to do the integration to the Jack Henry core solutions and to customize the front end, what we referred to as the bubble wrap in order to customize that to be what we want it to be, it takes a little bit of development time. But then the big impact when it comes to the flatness of margins that Kevin was talking about is, as we go through this conversion, you don't just convert all these banks and credit unions all on the same day, so it's going to take some time to convert them. And as we go through that, we'll continue to maintain our existing platforms, which we run ourselves in-house. But we'll also be taking on this expensive processing on the First Data platform, until we can shut off the platforms that we have in house. So I think that's what he was alluding to in his comments.
David Foss: That's exactly, yeah. So you'll see a lift in margin in 2019, 2020 we're done. And then we'll be off the old platforms. They'll be shut down. We'll be running in the new environment completely.
Glenn Greene: Thanks. Good morning. So Dave, just to go back to the sort of spending environment and you sort of highlighted above quota attainment in terms of the sales growth. But I was wondering if you could sort of highlight what the aggregate sales growth was and maybe across your key brands.
Glenn Greene: Yes. I guess, I was confused and I was sort of jumping around on different things. But you'd sort of alluded to sort of an investment phase for a couple of years. And I don't know if you were talking about a partnership. And I just want to get clarity on what that meant, and if - what the timeline is of that and sort of the order magnitude of - if there's any incremental expense that we should be thinking about. Is that kind of baked in to the flattish margin that Kevin may have alluded to for fiscal 2018? I just wanted to go back to that.
Glenn Greene: So, I guess, that's where I was going. What's the timeline to complete the conversion? Does this drag for a short period of time into 2019 and then you get a lift on margins in 2020? I'm just sort of trying to understand directionally how we should think about the profitability impact.
Glenn Greene: Okay. And then just a clarification for Kevin, on the credit union item and related to the bundled services…
Glenn Greene: Okay. And then just a follow-up on my first question, I don't know if you had the time to sort of find the bookings growth by the specific brands.
