Kevin D. Williams: Thanks, Ben. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for the Jack Henry & Associates Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year-end 2013 Conference Call. I'm Kevin Williams, CFO; and with me today are Jack Prim, our CEO; and Tony Wormington, our President. The agenda for the call this morning will be: Jack will start it off with an overview of the quarter; Tony will then provide some operational highlights; and then, I'll provide some additional comments on the press release we put out yesterday on the financials after market close to provide some additional comments. And finally, we'll try to answer any questions you have. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions today concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or review these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jack.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, the -- in the quarter, the increase in the onetimes was primarily in that line. And without the increase in the quarter, OutLink revenue would have grown about 12%, and so the 23% or 24%, whatever it was.
Kevin D. Williams: For the quarter -- or for the year, cap software was $51.3 million, up from $37.9 million last year. So our quarterly run rate has been pretty level on cap software for the entire fiscal year this year, which remember, we ramped that up about 5 quarters ago for some significant projects. I think that -- I think we are basically going to stay at that same run rate for this next fiscal year.
Kevin D. Williams: And as Jack mentioned, we had a very strong sales year, especially in electronic payments areas. So we've got a very healthy backlog of implementations yet to be put in place.
Kevin D. Williams: The other thing, Pete, to add is the -- as Jack mentioned, the movement from our existing in-house customers outsourcing continues to be very solid, and actually, it was a record year this last year, but the average asset size of some of those banks that are moving over have gotten quite a bit bigger this last year.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, Dave and here's our point. I mean, as I mentioned in my opening comments, the onetime revenue impact increase that we had this year primarily offset the lenders.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, first of all, I mean, remember that we increased our dividend 73% this year. So some of our free cash, going forward, is going to be used for dividend, now that we're paying an $0.80 a year dividend. The other thing is, we did increase our stock buyback. We bought back just under 1 million shares in the quarter. We bought back, I believe, about 1.3 million shares for the year. So we'll continue looking at that. But to your point about acquisitions, we continue looking. But with us growing at 9% organically, we don't feel like we have to buy something because we are performing extremely well. So we'll continue to be very opportunistic when it comes to acquisitions. We'll continue to look. And if we can find something that fits in our fold for the right price, then, I'm sure we'll jump all over it. But if not, we'll continue doing what we've done for the last 3 years.
Kevin D. Williams: And as far as the impact on our margins, obviously, with software being 4% of our revenue, it's very high margin. If that continues to trend down a little bit, it's not going to have a significant impact on our margins. But to -- and to more than offset that is the continued increase in our electronic payments, which had very good solid margins. And then also, as Jack pointed out, the continued shift of our in-house customers into outsourcing, where the revenue or loss here we take out of the institution basically doubled, and we're able to leverage our existing infrastructure of data processing centers to actually gain some margin improvement on those.
Kevin D. Williams: It was -- Dave, I don't have that right -- and I think it's this -- it was somewhere around 86 million shares. And also, to answer your other question on the interest, I actually looked that up, and we are budgeting for our total interest expense last year -- or next year to be a little over $1 million.
Kevin D. Williams: Thanks, Ben. In summary of the call, we'd like to thank you for joining us today to review our fourth quarter and fiscal year-end 2013 results. We are very pleased with the results from our ongoing operations efforts of all our associates to take care of our customers. Our executive management, as always, continue to focus on what is best for our customers and shareholders. And I'd like to echo what Jack Prim said, and thank all of our customers and all of our associates for taking care of those customers. With that, Ben, I'd ask you to give the replay number.
John F. Prim: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to the call. We are pleased to again announce record revenue and earnings for the fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year 2013. In addition to a strong financial performance, we significantly increased our dividend and reinitiated share repurchases during the year to return more cash to our shareholders. This performance was fairly balanced with our employees and customers as we saw solid gains and satisfaction measures from these major constituents as well. The continued trends of a slowly improving economy and declining number of bank failures led to another strong sales year. For the third consecutive year, all of our brands: JHA Banking, Symitar and ProfitStars, finished ahead of their sales targets for the year. We saw a strong banking core systems sales, including several in the mid-tier segment. Symitar continued to lead the Credit Union industry in new core systems sales, as it has for more than a decade. With 3 new signs of Credit Unions over $1 billion in assets, Symitar further extended its lead as the preferred solution for large credit unions with 39% of this segment of the market now committed to the Episys' platform. ProfitStars again had strong cross sales to its noncore customer base of almost 10,000 institutions. Our payments product had strong sales and transaction growth throughout the year, and corresponding revenue grew 17% for the year. We reached a record high number of current in-house customers committing to outsource processing. And that, combined with the high percentage of new core sales committing to outsourcing, allowed us to show an 8% sequential increase in our backlog and a 14% increase year-over-year. We saw solid progress on our major development initiatives during the year as customers began to see the delivery on various products and technology road map items. The one blemish on an otherwise stellar performance in the year was our difficult recovery from the Hurricane Sandy flooding in our Lyndhurst, New Jersey item processing facility in October. On our second quarter earnings call, I assured our customers, shareholders and employees that, that would be a onetime event. I'm pleased to say that we've made significant progress in meeting that assurance. Beginning with a thorough review of all processing and recovery plans, not just item processing; and reviews by external parties, as well as our internal reviews, various areas for improvement were identified and addressed. Management, organizational reporting and governance changes were made. Some processing facilities were relocated, and significant technology and infrastructure investments were made, all designed to ensure that we are operationally and organizationally prepared for any future disasters. Throughout this process, we have kept the regulatory agencies advised of our progress and continue to work with them regarding additional opportunities for improvement. Before I turn it over to Tony to provide some additional information on the business, I'd like to express our appreciation to our over 11,000 customers for their continued business, and our over 5,300 associates who continue to take care of those customers everyday. Tony, I'll turn it over to you.
John F. Prim: Well, Pete, as you know, it takes a little bit of time after the announcement for these things to kind of settle in. Of course, system conversion is a difficult process to go through, and nobody wants to do that unless they've got a really good reason. So if your core provider is acquired, you want to believe that what they're telling you about how good everything is going to be is true, and you're usually willing to give them a little bit of time to prove that out. So immediately after an announcement, we don't see a lot of change unless there's a particular product being sunset, which was the case with one of those acquisitions, and we have picked up a couple of those. But generally, I think people are willing to wait and see. There have been a number of pretty sizable acquisitions. Any of those, at some price, would have been interesting to us but typically, not at the prices that they ended up going for. And again, I think that they probably solved a different problem for somebody else than they would solve for us, that we let them get to that number that it just didn't -- the math did not work for us. But to your question, I think it's a little bit more of a wait and see, for the most part, as to whether that will generate any additional activity. But they're all products that we were competing against very effectively before, and we would expect that to continue to be the case.
John F. Prim: Well, Pete, several things. The continued movement of in-house customers moving to outsourced processing represents an increase in revenues, our payments products, both the Banking and Credit Union sides have been very strong, core system sales have been very solid. The ProfitStars group continues to improve their effectiveness and particularly, their cross-sales effectiveness. It's really been the case, for a while now, that kind of all 3 of those areas have come together pretty nicely at pretty much the same time. So it's nice when a plan comes together.
John F. Prim: I think it continues at that level or inching up slightly. We've said for some time that hardware and license fees, while they will bounce around in any given quarter, the long-term trend for both of those line items is down. So the balance is shifting towards support and services. And certainly, the more customers move with their preference for outsourced processing rather than in-house, just kind of continues that trend. So again, think you're likely to see it jump up to 95% this year, but I think that you will continue to see the hardware and license fees represent a continuingly reduced percentage of total revenue.
John F. Prim: Well, certainly, the number of failures continues to decline. The de novo market is still, for the most part, nonexistent. I think we signed one last quarter, which is, as far as I know, was the only de novo bank that's been granted a charter open in at least the last 2 years. I think at some point, we will see some increase in de novo bank activity, but I think it's a few years off, and doubt that it will get back to the previous levels, even when it does gather a little bit of steam. So not baking a lot of that into our forecast for the next year.
John F. Prim: They were all competitive takeaways. I'm -- let me think here. I don't know that any of those were related to -- if you're asking if it had to do with changed product direction from one of the other competitors. I don't have the list of names here in front of me to refresh my memory on which ones they were. But I think, for the most part, they were all existing platforms that were ready to make a change. There might have been one in there that was related to the discontinued platform. But for the -- but generally, just, we had 35 -- on the Credit Union side, 35 new core system sales last year, and all of them were competitive takeaways and across a wide range of different platforms out there. So I think, to some extent, it's credit unions updating their systems, refreshing their technology and us being in a good position to take advantage of that.
