Kevin D. Williams: Thank you [Latoia]. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Jack Henry & Associates second quarter of fiscal 2013 conference call. I am Kevin Williams, CFO, and on the call with me today are Jack Prim, our CEO; and Tony Wormington, President. The agenda for the call this morning is as follows; I will turn over to Jack and he will start with an overview of the quarter, Tony will then provide some operational highlights, and then I'll provide some additional comments on the press release we put out yesterday after the market closed, and provide some additional comments on the financials, and finally we will open up to Q&A and try to answer your questions. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions today concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statement or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those, which we anticipate. Due to a number of risks and certainties, then the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jack.
Kevin D. Williams: I will make one comment, if Tony has any additional color on it. I think that the number should remain at similar levels. One of the things that we have seen is increasing traction in the credit union segment with our acquisition of the former Pemco business that we have rebranded as payment processing solutions. So we have had some very solid up tick in the credit union industry for some of the credit card transaction routing offerings that we did not have prior to completing that acquisition. So that certainly has helped on the credit union segment side, and I believe our sales have been pretty solid on the banking side as well for new EFTs.
Kevin D. Williams: Yes, Dave, as we mentioned our software cap kind of ramped up in our June quarter last year, and has remained relatively level at about the $11.5 million, $12 million range a quarter, and I said it will probably be at that level for the next couple of years. For the quarter -- for the year-to-date it is 23.7 compared to 15 -- hold on. I got to find it David. I said it in the opening comments, now I lost it. Yes, it was $23.8 million in year-to-date this year compared to $15.7 million year-to-date last year. So, sequentially about $11.5 million in the last three quarters, and that is probably where we are going to finish out the year, just double that. We are probably going to be up a bit -- be at about 46 million for the year.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, it probably is a factor Glenn. I mean, I’m not sure how to quantify how much pressure that is, but obviously the bank failures continued to anniversary, decrease is a headwind on both revenue growth and margins. You know, as far as the credit union side of the business, it is really due to the, as Jack mentioned, the PPS, yes, the electronic payments business and the PassPort, the success we’re having in the credit union side, and the outsourcing. As we used to comment in the last, probably 4 years now, the trend of in-house to outsourcing started in the bank side, and it spread over to the credit union side. And I will tell you year-to-date this year we have actually had more credit union sign ups that moved from in to out than we have banks in the first half of the year. So I think that is going to continue now. Can we maintain a 45% margin? I think it is going to fluctuate a little bit. As I mentioned, as we go into the March quarter, I think all of our margins go down as they do every year in the third quarter for all the things I highlighted in the opening comments. But I think we are at a place where we can continue to trickle that margin slightly, but they are still going to fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter.
Kevin D. Williams: No. What I meant was -- our actual reported results for the quarter was $0.47, was $0.03 behind consensus estimates.Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Never mind. Thank you.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, my prediction again long-term is that license fees continue to taper off. I don’t know that we necessarily see a steep drop, but again I think customers are moving away from the license model, and I believe that is going to continue.David Koning – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great, thanks. Good job.
Kevin D. Williams: But Pete, the other thing you got to remember is even though we’re just talking about an IT center, the vast majority of customers are also on data processing centers, and that is the relationship that we want to protect, because obviously that is where the profits come from is from the data processing side of the business. So, yes, it might have been more than our IT profits were, but it was the right thing to do. There was also other than just reimbursement to the customers and counseling them, there was also a pretty big chunk in there for our people’s time, the overtime they worked, the relocations, moving people around, the property damage, and as Jack mentioned in his opening comments, I have filed some insurance claims, which are not reflected in the financials because we’re not allowed to book insurance until you know that the claim has been accepted and approved. And there will be other claims filed for some of this. So there will be money coming back in. At this point I’m not sure what that dollar amount is.
Kevin D. Williams: Pete, well that comes down to the accounting rule. I mean, if you look at a project, and it meets the rules that are required to be capitalized under GAAP, then we have to capitalize it, which means it is going to be a product that either extends the life of a product, it is going to generate more revenue or generate some new sales. If it falls in that bucket it is capitalized. If it is just an enhancement that is not going to do any of that, then no, it gets expensed.
Kevin D. Williams: With some of the features that we have in our banking solutions with memo posting and other thing, it gives the effect of real-time currently to that.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, I mean, I don’t know if I can quantify that for you Brett, but as we said in the past, and you have heard Jack and I say this for the last three or four years because we got a slide that actually shows it. I mean when a typical bank or credit union goes from in-house to outsourcing, the wallet share that we get from that FI essentially doubles. So whatever they were paying us for in-house maintenance, hardware maintenance, DR, whatever, on average we’re going to make, we’re going to get double the revenue out of them the next year, plus entitlement to a long-term contract, plus if they get acquired they have an early termination fee, which they don’t have if they are an in-house customer. So there is a whole bunch of positive things that go with this move besides just the doubling of revenue. Obviously that is going to -- the contribution from the revenue in true dollar amount is going to alter significantly from quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year, depending on the make-up of the banks that we move. So, for example, two years ago we had 45 FIs that moved over, and last year I think we had about the same number. But if the make-up is, the average asset size is double of last year, then the wallet share we are going to get out of them is going to be a whole lot more. So, it is kind of a moving target, but all I can say is at the end of the day Brett, it is a really good thing for Jack Henry long-term. It is having a very nice impact on our overall growth.
Kevin D. Williams: Yes, Greg, I mean, obviously we have been looking at acquisitions, and we will continue to look at acquisitions trying to find the right one. But as you well know, we have got a pretty rounded product suite. So it is not like we’re having big gaping holes to go find something. But we will continue to look and I’m sure we will find something down the road. But yes, in lieu of that if we don’t find the right acquisition, I’m sure we will get a little more aggressive buying back stock. We did not buy stock back this last quarter primarily because of the Lyndhurst event, and I had about 300 of our employees blacked out during the quarter, and if I got my employees blacked out, then I have blacked the company out.
Kevin D. Williams: Thank you [Latoia]. I just wanted to mention that you all will be getting a invitation shortly, and a whole the date e-mail for our annual analyst day. If you want market calendars, they will be held at the Grand Hyatt at the DFW Airport on Monday evening and Tuesday morning, May 6 and May 7, which will be the Monday and Tuesday after our third quarter earnings call. And we hope that all of you can find time to join us for that annual event. In summary of the call, we want to thank you for joining us today to review our second quarter fiscal 2013 results. We are pleased with the results from our ongoing operations and the efforts of all of our associates to take care of our customers. Our executives, managers and all of our associates should continue to focus on what is best for our customers and shareholders. With that, [Latoia], would you please provide the playback number.
John F. 'Jack' Prim: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning. We are pleased to announce a record quarter for revenue and gross profit. Operating and net income were impacted by one-time events in the quarter as we will discuss. Although our financial reports are noisier than normal for Jack Henry, including one-time events with both positive and negative impacts in the quarter, when you look past those events we had a very strong performance in the quarter. The most significant of these events was related to the Hurricane Sandy damage to our New Jersey facility and the subsequent recovery efforts. This facility provides item processing services for over 100 financial institutions, and hurricane damage required relocation to our disaster recovery facility. Longer than expected delays in the initial recovery effort lead to delays in processing and other issues for customers. The one-time costs incurred include compensation to customers for the problems and inconvenience they experienced in the recovery. Significant lessons learnt from this event have been applied to all of our business continuity plans to assure that these issues will not be experienced in any such future event. Recovery of some portion of this charge via insurance claims is likely, but any such amounts are unknown at this time. Despite these distractions, we again had strong organic revenue growth of 9%, leading to a record revenue quarter, and gross profit increase of 14%. With the inclusion of the one-time disaster related charges, operating expenses increased 35%, and general and administrative costs increased 103% in the quarter. Operating expenses increased 5%, when excluding the charges, and G&A increased 1%. Operating income decreased 1% with the charges and increased 20% without them. Sales were strong in the quarter in all three brands. Our credit union sales team had strong new core and EFT processing sales. The banking team had a strong quarter in spite of some delays from customers impacted by the hurricane events. Since the significant majority of those sales were for hosted solutions, any delays would not have impacted overall financial results in the quarter. ProfitStars continued to successfully leverage their base of over 9000 financial institutions that are not using a JHA core system for a solid sales quarter. All of our payments businesses saw strong growth as Tony will address. In the PassPort, debit and credit transaction processing growth in the credit union segment was a strong contributor to the improved gross margins in that segment, and the backlogs showed very solid growth on continued strong sales of both in-house and outsourced solutions. I would like to thank our over 5000 employees for their continued efforts on behalf of our customers that allowed us to deliver these solid financial results. I also want to assure our customers, shareholders and employees that we are fully committed to seeing that the one-time events in this quarter will indeed be one-time events. With that, I'll turn it over to Tony for some additional business updates.
John F. 'Jack' Prim: Well, you know, we think the transaction makes sense probably for both companies. We certainly have had very solid competition for quite some time in both the banking and credit union segments. You know, we have got significant momentum in the credit union segment. We certainly anticipate that we will continue to win our fair share of the business, but I think the two companies are probably better off today as a result of the acquisition than they were separately previously.
John F. 'Jack' Prim: Pete, no. I think frankly it reflects more our feeling about what was fair and appropriate for our customers. It was a very difficult event for our customers, for our company. We felt like that the right thing to do was reimbursements for the difficulties that were encountered there, and more of a -- quite frankly thinking more about the long term relationship with those customers than short-term impact in the quarter.
John F. 'Jack' Prim: Yes, those would certainly be the larger items. But when you have as many products as we have, there is always a need of ongoing architectural refreshes, whether it is an asset liability management standalone solution or a core solution. So there is continuous development on an ongoing basis on all of those products that adds up.
John F. 'Jack' Prim: It depends on -- it depends on the nature of what we are doing, if it is a significant re-architecture of a product that is going to be -- likely to be able to be capitalized.
John F. 'Jack' Prim: Well, certainly our credit union solutions are all real-time, always have been. On the banking side of the business, real-time is not a concept that has caught on or frankly it is even requested in looking at RFP solutions and those kind of things. It is pretty unusual to even see a question in the RFP regarding real-time capability. So, will that over time become a more important factor? Possibly, but we certainly aren’t seeing it near term.
John F. 'Jack' Prim: You know, Brett, I don’t know that I would see that changing anything. It is the same product we have been competing with quite successfully for quite a while. It is under new ownership, you know, probably not unlike the other transaction that was mentioned. It probably clears up some question marks around financial viability, you know, of the previous company. So other than that possibly making people a little more comfortable in looking at that solution competitively. We frankly don’t see it changing anything at all.
John F. 'Jack' Prim: Well, you know, if you look back over a three-to-five year period, the number of credit union transactions has been steadily growing. You know, they came to that party a little later than the banks did, but in the last few years it has definitely been picking up. We had a number of transitions that have taken place in the first half of the year or signings do take place. And the other factor that is influencing it Brett is that the size of some of the customers that are doing it. It is not just the small bank who is overwhelmed necessarily by technology, I mean we’re seeing some $1 billion to $2 billion banks that just don’t want to manage the technology, or either staffing issues or whatever their motivations might be. So it has appeal to some pretty sizeable customers. So even smaller number of customers, but bigger customers could make a difference in that number as well.
John F. 'Jack' Prim: And further clouded, although we believe now we haven’t kind of passed this point, but we have talked a good bit about the heavy winds from bank failures that we have dealt with over the last few years, and certainly doesn’t slow down, but you still got to grow over the previous ones. And I think for the most part we are largely there. Even the growth that you see coming from the transitions is we’re all set somewhat by the bank failures and lost revenue there. So, separating those numbers out just makes it a little bit more challenging, but again it is a phenomenon we expect to see continue moving forward.
John F. 'Jack' Prim: Greg, I think it is largely down to smaller kinds of transactions. Kevin mentioned that we continue to look at acquisitions, and you know frankly we look at those are the ones that were mentioned earlier on the call. You know, they solved different problems for somebody else than they do for us. I mean, I don’t -- if I am buying a product that I have already got that kind of product in my suite, then my incremental revenue gains are going to be probably modest, my cost takeout, and it just depends, but generally there is going to be a lot of integration effort associated with that. And if that solves a big enough problem for you, you know, then it is worth doing, but if not, we are better off focusing on continuing to offer the best of breed solutions that we already have. But as I look out there, I can’t tell you that I see any significant core consolidation opportunity like the open transaction out there that certainly everybody knew something needed to happen there because of the balance sheet challenges, but getting away from that one that was fairly obvious. I don’t know if anything that is obvious to me that needs to happen. The folks that are out there are doing okay, and operating pretty well, and I’m not aware of any pressure that are going to push anybody to go do anything as a result of anything we have seen thus far.
Tony L. Wormington: Thank you, Jack. We are pleased with the strong contributions in all components of support and services, which increased 11% over the prior year quarter. The largest contributor continues to be our electronic payments revenue, which grew 18% compared to the prior year quarter. Our outsourced data and item processing services increased 11% for the quarter. Our in-house annual maintenance fees increased 4% for the quarter. In addition our one-time implementation revenues increased 8% compared to the prior year quarter. Our electronic payments transaction volumes continue to experience very solid growth. PassPort, ATM and debit card processing volumes increased 10.4% over the prior year quarter. Bill payment transaction volumes increased 18.4% over the prior year quarter. And financial institution merchants installed and utilizing our enterprise payment solution increased to over 44,000 merchants, representing a 14.7% increase compared to the prior year quarter, and merchant related transaction volumes increased 25.8% over the prior year quarter. I'll now turn it over to Kevin for a further look at the numbers.
Tony L. Wormington: Yes, we had a very strong sales quarter, this quarter for the banking side, for ATM debit card processing, and are also continuing to see nice transaction volume growth in that business as well, and which would account for what we are seeing in the way of revenue growth.
Tony L. Wormington: Yes, this is Tony. We have got several significant projects, one of which is a new user interface that has streams across all of our core and complementary solutions. It is a very large project that has been ongoing for some time, and will continue to take place in the future. We continue to look at many things that are -- Internet and mobile that we are working with that is in those numbers as well, as well as a significant architectural upgrade of our Episys solution in the credit union market, and probably a few others that I am forgetting, Jack.
