Kevin Williams: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Jack Henry Associates fourth quarter and year-end fiscal 2018 earnings call. I am Kevin Williams, CFO and Treasurer; and on the call with me today is David Foss, our President and CEO. The agenda for this morning will be opening comments by me, and then I will turn the call over to Dave to provide some of his thoughts about the state of the business and the performance for the quarter. And then, I will provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday after market closed, provide some guidance for FY 2019 and then we'll open the lines up for Q&A. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties. And the company undertakes no obligations to update or revise these statements For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
Kevin Williams: Well, I would tell you, David, that we had to ramp up an enormous amount of internal resources to get 606 in line. We had to go back and basically recast literally thousands and thousands of contracts. And then, also, we had to engage external accounting firms who wanted help us with those contracts. Recasted also our independent external auditor to actually audit those numbers. So, there's a big ramp up in salaries, but also professional services in there, which the professional services, a big chunk of that will go away next year once we get 606 recast.
Kevin Williams: Yeah. Remember, Brett, we still have close to 900 customers to migrate over off two platforms. And just a reminder, the reason we're being so careful with this is because we want to have zero impact on the end-users because we don't want to have to reissue cards, we don't have to change PINs. So, once the migration is over, the customer is going to have the same experience after the migration as they did beforehand. So, that's one of the reasons we're being slow and conscious on this and being very careful on what groups of customers we migrate at the same time.
Kevin Williams: Well, Kartik, so let me just say a couple of things. One, roughly 80% of our revenue is recurring. So, that's already there. The additional sales and backlog, which if you think about, most of our sales today are not going to have much, if any, impact in the next fiscal year because we've got close to a 12-month backlog of installs on most of our products. And most of those are either outsourced or payments in nature, so as we might convert those, it's not going to be a huge increase in revenue because it's not like the old days when we had great, big license sales. So, basically, if you look at our backlog and our recurring revenue, we've pretty much got next year's guidance already in the bank.
Kevin Williams: Kartik, I'm assuming that they are going to be down slightly. But, again, it's very unpredictable. We thought they were going to be down this year, and they were down pretty much the first half of the year. And then, the fourth quarter, basically 90% of the increase for the year was in the fourth quarter. So, it's very hard to judge. So, that's why we break all that out in the earnings release. You can actually see true operations. But I'm actually assuming deconversion fees down slightly.
Kevin Williams: Yeah. Pete, so next week is our Symitar education conference in San Diego. Obviously, the Banno will be a highlighted product at that, which typically drives some additional sales. And we've got record attendance signed up to be there again this year. So, both – I'm not sure if we have a record number of prospects, but I know we have a record number of current customers that are going to be there next week.
Kevin Williams: Cap software should be down slightly. The CapEx is probably going to be up a little bit, Pete. So, I think, all in all, in total, it's probably going to be pretty level with this year.
Kevin Williams: Yeah. On the restructuring, Glenn, it's amazing how many ProfitStars sales trail a new core win. And now, because of the relationships and the cooperation between the teams, we're starting to see some very nice core leads coming out of the ProfitStars organization.
Kevin Williams: Well, it could accelerate, Glenn. And, obviously, we've always been conservative. That's kind of where we think it's going. And again, even though we had a very strong sales in Q4, a lot of those sales are not going to contribute revenue to us until Q4 of this fiscal year because of the install backlog. And just because of those dates, some of those banks want to convert because of their current contracts, obligations that they are in.
Kevin Williams: It should not have an overall impact to our growth rates. It's going to make it a little lumpier because of the way we're going to recognize revenue. Obviously, when we recast the revenue, I think the revenue in both 2017 and 2018 will actually go down a little bit, but so will 2019. But I think the growth rate on a comparative basis will be pretty much in line with the guidance I gave.
Kevin Williams: That's a good question, Glenn, and I'm not really ready to answer that right now because we're still adding staff and adding costs. I think the additional cost this year. And again, part of that also is how fast we add new customers to the platform, which helps to offset that margin between now and when we actually get to shut the systems down. So, we've got 90-plus developers that will either find a new home within the organization or go somewhere else that will be gone, plus we'll be able to shutdown four mainframes. So, it'll be a nice lift when we get to finally shut them down. But, again, a little over 20% of our total revenue. So, the impact on the margins on that 20% of revenue is going to be very nice. The overall margin on the entire company will be some, but it's not 200 basis points.
Kevin Williams: Yeah, Joe. Obviously, with the strong Q4 that we had, not only new sales, but also, as Dave mentioned, the 24 in-to-out migrations which drives additional revenue, which those will be sprinkled out throughout the FY 2019, which all that will help to drive revenue growth into FY 2020.
Kevin Williams: Well, the other thing I'd add, Joe, is if you just look at our outsourcing services which is, obviously, all of our data centers in cloud services, they grew consistently in Q4. Just like for the year, Q4, they grew about 11% for the year. Our outsourcing and cloud service group, 10%. So, that continues to be the very large driver of our overall revenue growth.
Kevin Williams: Dave, always because Q4 is so strong and we've got so much going on in Q1 with our year-end sales meetings and kickoffs and our Symitar education conference, different things that typically, just on average, Q1 is a little weaker and then we kind of grow throughout the year. So, just being a little conservative in causes.
Kevin Williams: Yeah, that's one of the ways, Dave. But, remember, so when we go through the 606 recast, and like I said, what we said, filing an 8-K before the end of December to give you all the actual restated numbers for FY 2018 quarter and the prior two years. But as 606 goes into effect, bundling essentially goes way, which means that, now under 606, we can recognize revenue from every delivered product as part of a contract because it all busts apart, where under 605, we couldn't recognize any revenue under a contract until the last part was delivered, which caused some lumpiness. So, we could have delivered $2 million worth of products a year ago, but until we deliver that last product that may only be $25,000, we couldn't recognize any of that $2 million of revenue. But as soon as we deliver that last tool or product, then we recognize that revenue over that quarter of the year. So, we have to go back and unwind all of this that we've done for the last ten years and to come up with an opening balance sheet from two years ago and then recognize the revenue from the software and the implementation services upon delivery of each individual product rather than the last product of a contract. So, it's going to bust all the bundling up. It's going to move some parts around. It's going to take – probably take revenue down a little bit, but it's just going to kind of take that one pocket and put in the other and it should not have a significant impact on total revenue or total revenue growth.
Kevin Williams: Thanks, Haley. First of all, I'd like to echo what Dave said, and I want to honestly thank all of our associates for what they've done in FY 2018. They've done a great job. We've done a great job taking care of our customers and we will continue to take care of our customers. And we are very pleased with the results of our ongoing operations and the efforts of all our associates to take care of our customers. Our executive, managers and all our associates will continue to focus on what is best for customers and what is best for our shareholders. With that, I want to thank you again for joining us today. And, Haley, will you please provide the replay number for the playback.
David Foss: Thank you, Kevin. And good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report another quarter with record revenue and earnings. As always, I'd like to begin today by thanking our associates for all the hard work that went into producing those results for our fourth fiscal quarter and the entire fiscal year. Total revenue increased 9% for the quarter and increased 7% excluding the impact of deconversion fees from both quarters. Organic revenue growth was 7% for the quarter. For the year, revenue increased 7%. We again had a very solid quarter in the core segment of our business. Revenue increased by 12% for the quarter and increased by 10% if you exclude the impact of deconversion from both quarters. Our payments segment performed well, posting an 11% increase in revenue this quarter and a 12% increase excluding the impact of deconversion fees. Of course, Ensenta is a contributor to this growth; but even if we exclude Ensenta, we saw more than a 5% increase in revenue through our traditional offerings. We also had a very strong quarter in our complementary solutions businesses, posting a 7% increase in revenue this quarter and a 5% increase excluding the impact of deconversion fees. As I mentioned in the press release, our sales teams had an extremely strong quarter and finished both the quarter and the fiscal year well ahead of quota. In June, we broke our all-time monthly sales record with bookings of approximately 150% of the previous record for a single month. Most significantly from my perspective is the fact that the sales success for the quarter didn't come in any one particular product area. As I said in the press release, we booked 20 competitive core takeaways, but we also saw increased bookings in our payments and complementary solutions segments. Several of our newer solutions including Banno, debit processing, the new credit processing solution and treasury management saw strong demand. We also booked 24 in-to-out deals between our banking and Symitar groups. I could not be more pleased with the performance of the sales teams for this quarter and for the entire fiscal year. Regarding our new debit and credit processing solution, we now have 111 customers live on the new debit platform, including seven customers installed as new rather than as a migration. Our first full service credit client will go live later this month. As we've discussed previously, we're now in a position to start ramping our conversion volume for our existing debit clients and we're confident in our ability to maintain the quality of these migrations and new installations going forward. We also have more than a dozen new credit clients in the install queue, which present a new revenue stream for our company. On previous calls, we provided some high-level insights into our long-term plans regarding the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. As you will recall, shortly after the new tax program went into effect, we announced a significant increase in our quarterly dividend. We also announced a voluntary incentive plan which provided a large subset of our longer tenured employees the option to leave the company with a significant financial reward. We projected that Q4 expense of around $8 million as a result of this program, but as we discussed last time, our voluntary turnover rate runs well below the industry average and we saw the same trend reflected in the results of the special incentive program. Although we felt we had forecasted conservatively, many fewer people took advantage of the program than we had expected and the Q4 severance charge ended being a little more than $3 million. In addition to the dividend increase and the voluntary incentive program, we've chosen to use some of the TCJA tax savings to implement several long-term programs for the benefit of our employees. Last week, we announced an improved 401(k) offering and several components to a significantly enhanced bonus program, which are intended to provide a positive impact all JHA employees. These bonus programs are pay-for-performance plans, consistent with our corporate culture and all of these changes are designed to help us continue to attract and retain strong talent and ensure that Jack Henry continues to be recognized so broadly as the best place to work. The financial impact of these programs are included in the guidance Kevin will provide on this call. Overall, this was a very good year for our company. Our employee engagement and customer satisfaction scores remain very high. Our sales teams are performing extremely well and have positioned us for another successful year of selling, and overall demand for Jack Henry technology solutions remains very high in all segments of our business. As we begin the new fiscal year, I continue to be very optimistic about our future. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin for some detail on the numbers.
David Foss: Sure. So, well, 12 in the credit union side, 8 on the banking side make up the 20. As far as – I don't have for the quarter. I have for the year as far as the mid-market segment. So, for the year, we had 4 on the banking side and 1 on the credit union side as far as over $1 billion in assets.
David Foss: So, I'll take the second part of your question first. So, the demand environment right now continues to be strong. The best indicator for me was when we had that record June that I referenced earlier, 150% of the next highest quarter we've ever had in the history of the company. So, you would expect, at the end of June, that your pipeline would drop off significantly after a performance like that. It dropped off just a little bit. And by the end of July, we were back to a pipeline that was greater than before we started June. So, that indicates to me the demand environment continues to be very strong. I'm very optimistic as far as spending in the space. As far as products, digital continues to be top of mind for pretty much any bank or credit union that we talk to. They're trying to figure out what their strategy, implement the strategy going forward for a best-of-breed online and mobile experience for their clients. That's much broader than just traditional online or mobile banking. And payments is a hot topic for a lot of our customers. I think as evidenced by the success that we're having with our new payments platform. And then just kind of the general topic of serving commercial customers, so whether it's on the lending side, the online commercial lending, for example, or if it's helping them manage their environment through tools like treasury management, banks, in particular, but a lot of credit unions too are really focused on trying to deliver solutions that will serve their commercial customers in a much an enhanced fashion over what they've had previously.
David Foss: Yeah. So, revenue growth for – you had the overall numbers. So, on the core segment, revenue growth, 12% for the quarter, 10% if you exclude deconversion fees; payment segment was 11% for the quarter, 12% if you exclude deconversion fees. But then, I also commented that Ensenta is in there. So, we were a little over 5% if you exclude the contribution from Ensenta. And then, complementary solutions, 7% increase in revenue and 5% excluding deconversion fees.
David Foss: Sure. In the past, we've said somewhere between the end of calendar 2019 and the end of fiscal 2020. So, between December 31 of 2019 and June 30 of 2020. Somewhere in there is where we expect to wrap up. It's still early days. We're up to 111 customers on the new platform. Very comfortable that it will be in that timeframe. I wish I could get a little more specific, but we're still early days in that. But I think that timeframe, we're very comfortable with.
David Foss: That's a key point. There is zero impact to the consumer. So, no better scenario for the bank or credit union if they have zero impact on their consumer as they go through a major card conversion.
David Foss: No, that's absolutely true. It's the reason why I highlighted in my opening comments the fact that we already have 12 in the hopper or more than 12 in the hopper for install. We haven't done a single credit install yet, and yet the demand is there. So, people have been signing contracts without us being able to point to a customer and say, here this customer is live, call him and ask him how great it is. So, that is definitely demand. We're seeing exactly what we saw before we started this project, is out there. And interestingly to me, more demand for debit from new customers. So, I highlighted we already have seven new customers that weren't previously on our debit platform. And a lot of interest among new customers that wanted to come to this platform who weren't previously with us. So, the demand is out there. It's our job delivered.
David Foss: Yeah. It is out in GA complete. And the Banno story is a single platform for what we used to call online banking, what we used to call mobile banking, but also for the website, for the financial institution and a responsive advertising and some other tools thrown in to interact with the consumer, all off a single platform. So, it's a really nice full function digital platform. As far as customers running the complete suite, I don't have an exact number for you, Pete. I know that it's less than a dozen. It's probably 5 or 6 or something like that.
David Foss: We sold a lot this year. So, in the quarter alone, we booked 23 new customers in the quarter. So, backlog is strong. Demand is strong. A lot of customers. And I think this should be obvious. There were waiting to see until we got the complete platform rolled out, wait and see if it was really all that before they would commit to the platform. So, lot of interest, lot of interest, lot of demand. And the good news about that platform is that it's something that we – today, we're not marketing it outside Jack Henry core base, but we can. We already have a number of non-Jack Henry core customers live on the mobile side. Just mobile. And we will be marketing the complete platform outside the Jack Henry base. But, right now, we have so much demand inside the Jack Henry base, we're focused there, but the platform is ready to go outside the core base. So, it becomes a ProfitStars solution available to virtually any bank or credit union.
David Foss: Yeah. It changes a little bit, Pete. So, under 605, when you had term fees, whenever they deconverted and you got the check, that's when you recognize the revenue. Under 606, whenever they gave you the notification that they are going to deconvert, then you have to spread that deconversion fee from that date to the date they actually deconvert. And if that deconversion date moves, then you have to readjust your estimate and spread. But I don't think it's going to have a big impact because, typically, those deconversion fees are six months or less from when we actually get notified anyway. So, it may spread it over a couple of periods. But at the end of the day, I don't think it's going to have much impact from what we've had in the past.
David Foss: Sure. Well, the biggest motivator, I guess, I would say, or the biggest opportunity is a lot of banks today don't manage their own card portfolio on the credit card side. They've sold those off years ago or had just kind of walked away from that space. And so, it's a new opportunity not only for us, but many of our clients who weren't offering their own credit cards, weren't managing their own card base. So, that's where the biggest opportunity is for us. Certainly, there are some who already have their cards in place and they are going to bring that card base to Jack Henry. For those customers, the big motivators are, number one, real-time fraud – this best-of-breed real-time fraud platform for them to help ensure the security of their consumers. Number two, rewards programs that are included in the platform as a single platform. So, not a separate, standalone component for them to manage. So, that offers opportunities for them to attract new consumers because they have this rich reward program that they can – that they can work with. And then, number three, there's lots of functionality in the new platform around reporting. And that can take many flavors. It can be around feeding the marketing organization within the bank or credit union, to target customers with additional products based on spending practices, that kind of thing. So, lots of opportunities for those who take advantage of all the tools that are in the new platform.
David Foss: Yeah. It's a good question. And your point is well taken. There are some institutions that are really good on the marketing side and others that aren't. And so, I don't know that I can paint that picture with a broad brush. It depends on the individual institution. But in general, they see this as an opportunity for them to, A, provide a better service to their customers; B, provide a revenue-generating – non-interest revenue-generating income for the financial institution and to grab customer loyalty. So, when you put those people on the table, most banks and credit unions are pretty focused on that. But like I say, there's no broad brush to paint every financial institution with. some of them are really good. And some of them struggle in that area.
David Foss: Yeah. There aren't any of those solutions we've talked about. And I always hesitate when I say the word any because they are not absolutes, but there aren't any that we've talked about that are licensed software. Every one of those that we've been discussing is a hosted solution, which implies a recurring revenue model, whether it's treasury management or our commercial lending center suite, all those things that are geared toward the commercial customer relationship that we've been talking, our recurring revenue models.
David Foss: Yeah, it's a good question. I think it's a combination of both of those that you mention. The environment is strong, and I've said for the last three, four calls, I think. As far as I'm concerned, it's now 18 months ago where the spending environment started to improve where we started to see more interest in banks and credit unions' spending on technology. So, the environment is strong. It's remaining very strong. So, that's, obviously, a help. But we've made – and we highlighted at the analyst call, the analyst meeting here earlier this year, we made some structural changes in the sales organization, and much of that was around encouraging cooperation between the sales teams and having – ensuring that sales reps are focused on and, frankly, compensated for helping their brethren out when it comes to a sales opportunity and looking for those opportunities to help each other be successful. And so, I think a little bit of a change in the way that we go to market, but also the environment that we're in today, the spending environment, those combined, I think, are what has driven the recent success. I've said it on the call many times before, if you can book 10 new competitive core takeaways in a quarter, that's a really good quarter. So, to do 20 in the quarter, I was really proud of the teams and very happy with how things are going right now.
David Foss: And when Kevin says the install backlog, that's not to imply that we don't have enough staff to deliver product. That's about the logical transition for the bank or credit union to the new solution. They need a lot of time to plan some of these big projects.
David Foss: Sure. So, I highlighted in my opening comments that we booked 24, what we call, in-to-outs. So, those are in-house customers that are moving to outsourcing. So, that was in the quarter. And I also highlighted in the press release that of the new core signings that we had, almost all of them signed up as outsource customers. So, we continue to see that trend toward outsourcing in general. I don't know if you want to add any specific metrics around the numbers.
David Foss: Yeah. That's a good point. Frankly, I'm glad you asked because of the 24 acquisitions that I've been involved in in the past 18 years or so, I would have to say this has been the smoothest integration as far as systems, employees, financials, HR, everything, technology, really finished in, I think, May or June of this year. The team has just fit perfectly into the Jack Henry environment. There was a really nice cultural match from a product standpoint. They fit perfectly because they were so focused on the credit union space. And our traditional solutions in that area were not focused in the credit union space. They were primarily sold to banks. And so, they are very complementary to what we're doing. So, we're seeing nice demand for that solution. And I couldn't be happier with the way that whole acquisition has gone.
