Kevin Williams: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for the Jack Henry & Associates Third Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Call. I'm Kevin Williams, CFO and Treasurer. And on the call with me today is David Foss, Board Chair and CEO.  In just a minute, I will turn the call over to Dave, so he can provide some of his thoughts about the state of our business, financial and sales performance for the quarter, some comments regarding the industry in general and some other key initiatives that we have in place. Then after Dave concludes his comments, I will provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday after market close and also provide comments regarding our updated guidance for the remainder of our fiscal year 2022. We will then open the call -- open the lines up for Q&A.  First, I need to remind you that this call includes certain forward-looking statements, including remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements.  For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements.  Also on this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue and non-GAAP operating income. The reconciliations for historical non-GAAP financial measures can be found in yesterday's press release.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
Kevin Williams: Well, Rayna, I mean as Dave mentioned, our sales continues to be very strong. Our pipeline is strong. And all of our primary drivers continue to hit on all cylinders, which is primarily our private cloud. We continue to have good movement of our on-prem customers' private cloud, our card and remittance and digital businesses all continue to grow extremely well. And so yes, we're very comfortable that we're going to have a little higher growth in Q4 compared to the previous year.
Kevin Williams: Yes. So I mean, as far as the demand, I mean, Dave mentioned several times over his comments that we continue to see a very, very robust demand for our products in the sales organization with record sales in just about every quarter, for the last 3 quarters. So we look to be very good.  Pricing, I mean, obviously, this is a very mature market. I don't see much change in pricing, Rayna. And obviously, we're very early in our budget process for next year. But I'd just go out on a limb and say, I see no reason why we can't continue to grow top line, non-GAAP revenue in that 8.5% to 9% similar to this year for FY '23 and also get some leverage to the operating margin line on a non-GAAP basis of at least 50 bps or so. So I think FY '23, forget about the deconversion revenue because again, we can't predict that. But I think FY '23 is probably going to look a lot like FY '22.
Kevin Williams: Yes, the offset is pretty negligible, Kartik. So I mean, yes, I mean there's some inflation impact primarily in personnel costs and especially in different areas and pockets within the company that we're going to be facing. I mean, obviously, if it wasn't for that and inflation, I'd probably predict that we could get more expansion than that. So there is some headwinds on the margin from those things, but at this point, and again, we're very early in the budget process, but I think we're pretty comfortable that we can get that margin expansion even in lieu of the inflation and everything else that's going on in the world today.
Kevin Williams: At the segment level, that's a good question. Obviously, our payment segment is going to continue to be the strongest grower. So payment segment is probably still going to be -- which our payment segment is now, David, 38% of our total revenue, and it's probably going to grow. Again, we're still early in the budget process, but I'm going to guess it's going to grow 9% to 10% and core and complementary will both be in there at 7% to 8.5% right behind it.
Kevin Williams: Well, the strongest grower and has been for quite some time is our EPS line of business. And I don't see that slowing as we continue to add merchants. Even though the number of checks per merchant continues to decrease slightly, we continue to add more than enough merchants each quarter to continue to have that very strong growth in the mid-teens.  Right behind that is card. Now that we're a year past the migration of the new platform, we're adding a lot of new customers, both debit and full service credit. So that's going to continue to grow in the high single to low double digits. And then the slowest grower is online bill pay. I mean it's -- we've pretty much saturated the market. We've got 3,500 FIs on our online bill pay. So it's growing, but low single digits. I don't see any of those changing in FY '23, Dave.
Kevin Williams: I don't know that there was anything significant that I would call out that impacted. It's more just a matter of timing of different revenue coming in, but there's no specific products or services that I would call out that was a drag.
Kevin Williams: Well, a couple of things, Dave. So last year was a little more rapid growth coming out of COVID compared to the previous year. Because remember, the previous year, our Q4 was very weak, just like everybody else in the industry. So it is a little tougher comp. But with the backlog of sales that we're having, I still feel we're going to have some really solid growth in all of our lines of payments in Q4 compared to last year, even with a little tougher comps.
Kevin Williams: We have not seen a lot of that, JD, but obviously, the other thing I would say is we are now offering full service credit, which we weren't even offering that a year ago. So even as it moves to credit, we've got that opportunity in front of us now. So I mean, I think we're going to see some shift from debit to credit. But so far, we've not seen much of an impact on our business.
Kevin Williams: Well, as far as Q4 margins, on a non-GAAP basis, we expect to have some slight margin expansion, probably not what we've seen in the first 3 quarters. But we expect to see some.  But you're right, there's going to be -- on a GAAP perspective, with only predicting that we're going to have $1 million or $2 million in deconversion fees compared to last year, there is going to be some margin pressure on a GAAP basis going forward in Q4. But overall, we feel like the margins on it, especially on a non-GAAP basis will still be strong.  I'll let Dave handle the CapEx on the new tech.
Kevin Williams: And this is very similar to everything we've done for years. This is not a big bang approach. As we get the various components done, like the ones that are in beta right now, those will be rolled out into production and the amortization will begin at that time. So it's not like we're going to wait until the whole thing is done in 10 years and then start expensing the whole thing. They will be rolled out as components go into general availability.
Kevin Williams: Well, I think it's going to trend back right at 100%, if not better. I mean, again, Ken, you got to remember, our Q4 and Q1 are our strongest free cash flow quarters because of the annual maintenance billings for all of our on-prem customers, which goes out the 1st of June. So our -- both our operating cash flow and especially free cash flow are the highest in Q4 and Q1.  And so a lot of that, if you look at a year-over-year basis, on a fiscal basis, some of that can depend on when we actually collect those fees from our customers, whether we collect in Q4 or Q1 because it's just a matter of timing on that. But on a trailing 12 months, we should be back up to the close to 100% conversion.
David Foss: Yes. Rayna, it's Dave. So we'll have releases this summer. So as I mentioned on the call last time, we have customers in beta right now. And so this summer, we'll announce customers going live, they'll come out of beta, they'll go live with the first module. So sometime this summer, I don't have an exact date to give you. But sometime this summer, you'll hear me talk about customers going live with the first modules on the new platform later this year, and we'll talk about this at the Investor Day on Monday. But later this year, we'll provide road map to our customers and to you all so you can kind of track our progress more specifically as far as things that we're planning to roll out.  But I think the first indicator for you will be this summer when we talk about customers going live with the first modules in the tech modernization strategy.
David Foss: Yes. Well, so I would say neither. So is revenue going to grow faster, it might grow just a little bit faster. The thing you always have to keep in mind is almost everything we signed today is a hosted contracts. So it's a long-term commitment where we're layering revenue in as opposed to something that gives us a revenue pop in the quarter. And that just continues to be true. So almost all of the sales success are with contracts that are long-term commitments layered in over time.  But the -- as I mentioned a couple of calls ago, I think, we have -- we were facing capacity issues as far as doing core conversions. And so we stood up another team on the banking side of our business. So a few months ago, we did another team on the credit union side. Now we've done another one on the banking side. So we are slowly but surely adding teams to make sure that our backlog doesn't get stretched out with any of our product lines.  And so we're having good success in adding capacity as we need to add capacity so our customers don't get frustrated that they're looking at a year or 2 before they can go through a conversion. But it's a constant process of measuring what do we have in the backlog, what's customer expectation, what's coming from the sales pipe. And as I just mentioned, we've set an all-time sales record in Q2. Q3, normally a lighter sales quarter, 40% higher bookings than last year's Q3 and more than any other Q3 in history.  And so there is a great deal of demand, but we're -- our teams are doing well, I think, in managing the implementation side of that equation and making sure that we get these contracts into production at a reasonable rate.
David Foss: Yes, it was 14. So yes, I definitely called it out, 14 new core wins in the quarter. And I think 3 them were multibillion-dollar banks, if I remember correctly, but 14. So as I said in my opening statement, we are absolutely continuing on this run rate of 1 a week. Again, it's lumpy, but continuing to see great success. And as I sit here well into the fourth fiscal quarter, I can tell you that has not slowed down since the end of March.
David Foss: No, Vasu, it's across the board. So Kevin highlighted that our EPS, Enterprise Payment Solutions business is growing nicely. We're signing a lot of contracts in that area. And I don't normally highlight it on this call, but that's one that was a little bit larger than the normal run rate this quarter. We had good success with our debit, signing new customers coming to our debit platform. Credit, we're continuing to add customers. It was just across the board, just a really solid performance from the sales team this quarter.
David Foss: Yes. So it's interesting, and I certainly have read through the script of the Director's comments and other follow-on presentations by other people in the CFPB. We're highly regulated at Jack Henry. And so we deal with the regulatory bodies regularly. CFPB has also been engaged with us as they've engaged with all the other players in our space.  The challenge that we have sometimes, I think, is that we get lumped in with everybody else. Jack Henry gets lumped in with everybody else as far as business practices. And I think Jack Henry has distinguished ourselves for years as doing business differently, very bank and credit union friendly, I think, in our approach.  And so I think if and when there is more request from the CFPB for us to be engaged with them, I think they will learn more about how Jack Henry does business and how it's different.  I'll say that we've been through this with ABA, for example, ABA, at one point was kind of lumping Jack Henry and with everybody else and saying, Jack Henry does things the same way. And then once we really got into those detailed discussions with the ABA committees, they realized and stated that we now recognize Jack Henry is doing things differently and is much more kind of supporting the community and regional financial institution environment with our business practices. So we're prepared if there is something that comes -- some requests that come of us to engage more directly.
David Foss: Yes. It's a good question, Pete. It's one that we've continued to talk around about around here. In fact, I just talked the Fed governor from Kansas City is responsible for the FedNow program. And I talked to her just a month ago or so about the program and the status and are they going to hit their dates. And right now, they're mid-2023 -- calendar '23 for a release date. And right now, they're still on track to hit that release date, and we hope that happens.  With respect to real-time payments just in general, I want to emphasize again, Jack Henry today, more than 60% of the financial institutions in the U.S. who use the real-time payments network through the clearinghouse, so more than 60%, are Jack Henry customers. They're doing that through Jack Henry. So we are the dominant player today in real-time payments as far as number of financial institutions that are using the RTP network through the clearinghouse.  So we're very, very involved in RTP. Our PayCenter solution has been highly adopted. And of course, FedNow is supported in our PayCenter application at Jack Henry.  So when FedNow comes live, we're ready for it, obviously, because we've been working with the Fed for a long time. The pace of adoption is -- that's going to be interesting to see that -- When Zelle first rolled out, the thing that I said back years ago was as long as Zelle is kind of the really easy, fun-to-use application, it poses a real threat to Venmo. Well, it wasn't the easy, fun-to-use application, it's kind of a clunky application. But we all support it, those of us in the financial technology space, we support it. But it was never any real threat to Venmo because it's kind of a clunky application as far as I'm concerned.  Okay, what happens with FedNow? Is it going to be really user-friendly and kind of easy for people to adopt or not, we'll see. I think most banks and credit unions are planning to adopt and support FedNow. I hope it's a really easy-to-use application, and it will receive wide adoption because I think that will be good for us. We have a number of use cases that we've built out that we think will be really good for banks and credit unions to adopt, but it's got to be something that people want to use. You can't force them to use it.
David Foss: Yes. There's a lot of discussion on that topic right now. So I'm not going to predict publicly where that's going to end up because that's a real key to this whole equation is how does the Fed end up pricing and how competitive do they want to be as compared to other offerings out there. So I don't know where that's all going to end up, but that is a big topic of discussion right now.
David Foss: Yes. It's an interesting question, Dominick. In fact, it's something that I was just talking about this week with a couple of our customers and with -- internally with our team. So it's less about rising costs and more about banks and credit unions challenged to find the talent that they need.  So we all know the great resignation. We all talk about it that most companies are experiencing higher turnover than they normally experience and in a lot of cases, it's hard to find the talent you need. And banks and credit unions are experiencing the same thing. And so that is certainly creating some demand to come to companies like Jack Henry to provide services that we've done for a long time.  The interesting thing that's happening now is there are also more requests for us to provide more kind of back-office assistance, back-office guidance because they have lost talent in the back office for the bank or credit union. And that -- I can't decide if that's a blip or if it's a long-term opportunity that's going to create opportunities for us to sell more technology, more workflow technology as an example. You can use workflow technology when you don't have the people to do the manual work.  So we're trying to figure out if that's a short-term opportunity or a long-term opportunity. We don't really want to be in the business of being a consultant to body shop as far as consulting. We certainly do a lot of that, but that's not our core competency. We're a technology provider.  So we're trying to weigh all that and kind of figure out where is the opportunity and is it a short-term opportunity or a long-term opportunity. But it's certainly a topic.
David Foss: So I think we have built in -- so first of, on Monday at the Investor Day, I'm going to share with you some charts specific to industry projections. And I tend on these calls to share as surveys come out. I try to share with you all what we're hearing about demand in the industry generally. And so I'm going to give you some more information about that on Monday at the Investor Day.  But yes, definitely, the spending is up and the overall in the industry. Jack Henry is clearly a beneficiary of that, but that is baked into all the comments that Kevin made earlier about what we're looking at for FY '23, what we're experiencing today and what we're looking at for FY '23.  So that's not new news to us. We really started to see that being telegraphed to us with those first surveys that came out last September, I think, if I remember correctly. And everything we've seen since then has supported that idea. So we've baked that into everything that we're working on right now as far as budgets for FY '23.
David Foss: That's a good question. I don't know -- I don't know that I could say, yes, that's happening or yes, we're going to benefit from that. I believe there is -- there has not been a slowdown in demand or interest in the services from our customers. We don't have customers that have lost a bunch of share or something like that as a result of these people experimenting with new applications or fintech-y type solutions. And so I don't know that I would say, oh, there's some big opportunity here because people will kind of revert back to working -- now that their bank or credit union has cooler technology, they're going to revert back to work primarily with the bank or credit union. I don't know that they stopped working with their bank or credit union.  And remember that we get paid on -- when it comes to our primary businesses, it's on number of customers that we're supporting, number of accounts, number of assets. And of course, there is the transaction volume. But since we're not an acquirer, we're an issuer, we normally are getting that anyway. So I don't think that I would want to hang my hat on that as a big opportunity, but I might be missing something.
David Foss: So I've said in many forums here in the past few months that I'm pretty optimistic about calendar '22 as a year where Jack Henry can get back into the game as far as M&A is concerned. We say all the time that acquisitions are at the top of our list, always, we know that we're a good acquirer. We're a disciplined acquirer. We know how to integrate companies in well.  And so what I've said for the last several months is -- and you have several companies who went public last year and probably technically shouldn't have gone public, and now their valuation has dropped significantly. They have shareholders that are kind of wondering what the future looks like. And so there may be opportunity there.  But I think the greater opportunity is there are a lot of companies in our space, who were on the sidelines who were kind of prepping to go public given the frothiness of the market, and now that has all stopped. And so if you're running a nice little company and you're sitting on the sideline thinking you were going to IPO and now that is not going to happen and you're contemplating a capital raise or find a really nice strategic partner like Jack Henry, I think you would look seriously at talking to Jack Henry. So we are prepared for those opportunities, and I'm very hopeful that we're going to see some of those here this calendar year.
David Foss: Yes. So we do have CPI escalators and I always say virtually all of our contracts. Keeping in mind, we've acquired a lot of companies here over the last few years and some of those contracts are still in place. I can't say absolutely that every single contract has a CPI escalator opportunity, but virtually all of them have escalators.  We have already -- in several cases, we have deployed those already this year. We have others that are coming up with our annual billings that happen here now and next month, I guess it is or this month. So they are happening.  But the thing I always remind everybody, our business, our customers are bankers, they're banks and credit unions. They understand what's going on in the economy, right? They understand what's reasonable and what's not. And at Jack Henry, we've always taken the position that just because we could do X percent as a CPI accelerator, if that's not a reasonable number, we're not going to go up 2x.  And so we have taken a position that I think is reasonable. It supports the business model that we have. It's also been taken as reasonable by our customers. And so I think it offsets much of what we see happening in the market. But it's the approach that we're going to continue to take. We'll do reasonable escalations using the CPI opportunity where it makes sense.
David Foss: So keep in mind, we've been absorbing both the expense line and the CapEx line. We've been absorbing for more than 2.5 years, as I stressed on the last call. So this isn't something new. It's been baked into the P&L. You've -- the numbers have been flowing through the P&L for 2.5 years. We just never called it out as part of the P&L. And so that rate is going to continue essentially at the same rate.  I said on the last call, and I'll say it again, we're committed to 14% of revenue as an R&D investment that includes this technology modernization strategy. If you look back 5 years or so, you'll see us running at roughly 14% of revenue that we're putting back into R&D, and we're going to continue at that rate going forward, including this tech modernization strategy. So you won't see any great big spike in either the cap side of the equation or the P&L impact, direct expense side of the equation because of this strategy.
David Foss: Yes. So it's -- those aren't mutually exclusive. So you asked if it was -- what's going on in the industry or is it something specific that Jack Henry is doing, I would say it's both. The industry, the rising tide raises all boats, and that is definitely happening. The spend environment in our space has increased, has improved in the past year. So Jack Henry is definitely a beneficiary of that.  But I think the product mix that we have, all these new things that we've been rolling out here in the past couple of 3 years, and the announcement, and I alluded to this on the last call, and I'll just say it very specifically. Although we just publicly announced the tech modernization strategy on the last earnings call, we had taken customers under the cover with NDAs for several months. Customers who were thinking about, do I want to do business with Jack Henry? What does your future look like? If we sign with Jack Henry, where are you guys going as far as technology is concerned? We have taken customers under the covers for months before the public announcement. And so I think virtually every one of them that we took under the covers, they said we want to go with you guys because we see the future with Jack Henry.  So I think that is a unique piece. But pretty much everything else is the combination of the improved spending environment and then this recognition that Jack Henry has received broadly for doing a lot of innovative things, rolling out new products and really focusing on taking care of community and regional financial institutions in the United States. The fact that we're not -- we didn't pursue the merchant acquiring business, our customers know that we are focused on them and their success, and that's continuing to drive new opportunities for Jack Henry.
David Foss: Yes. So not -- we're certainly winning some in-house customers away, people who are running in-house on-prem today. But we are winning.  It's interesting. Most of our wins -- if you had asked me this question 2, 3 years ago, most of the wins would have been from competitors who are supporting older systems and their customers were frustrated because they weren't putting enough investment into these older systems.  Today, it's across the board. There are still lots of older systems out there where people are frustrated that they don't think there's enough investment, and we are winning those opportunities. But we're winning the flagship customers. So customers who are running the flagship solution from some of our competitors, we're winning those deals today as well.  So it's been an interesting shift, I think, because it used to be really difficult to displace somebody off of a flagship solution from one of our major competitors. And today, that's happening more than it did in the past.
David Foss: Yes. So we -- if you look back at our company 15 years ago, we were doing a lot of M&A to bring innovative technology into the company. So we did -- there was 1 year we did 6 acquisitions in 1 year, all different products. In the past couple of years, it's been almost impossible to get a deal done because the valuations were crazy. And so we've focused heavily on organic development efforts.  But today and just before the pandemic, I think we were really good at doing the build-buy-partner analysis at Jack Henry. So when we see an opportunity, we won through this process. So do we build it ourselves? Is there something we could acquire? Or is there a partnership that makes the most sense for us to pursue. And I think we have a healthy balance of that today. And now with the environment changing a little bit as far as valuations, I think we can really get back into that mode again.  The challenge as far as our -- the good news and the bad news as far as our product portfolio is we don't have many holes in our product portfolio. It's not like we're desperate to go get a solution to fill a hole because customer demand is so strong. We're really pretty complete as far as our product suite. So most of the acquisitions we look at are things that would -- we can connect to something we already have and create that 1 plus 1 equals 3 type scenario for Jack Henry customers. And so we're always looking for those opportunities.  And then as far as the new development, we're creating new solutions regularly. We have a new fraud solution that's under development right now that we'll talk about a little bit on Monday. And that -- those efforts continue as well.  So it's a good healthy mix, I think, for our company today when it comes to what things do we acquire, what do we look at acquiring versus what things should we write ourselves.
