Kevin Williams: Thank you, Gigi. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Jack Henry & Associates fourth quarter and fiscal year-end 2020 earnings call. I'm Kevin Williams, CFO and Treasurer. And on the call with me today is David Foss, our President and CEO. In just a minute, I'll turn the call over to Dave, so he can provide some of his thoughts about the state of our business, the performance for the quarter and fiscal year, as well as some comments relating to the impacts of COVID-19 and some other key initiatives that we have in place. And then after that, I will provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday after market close and provide comments regarding our guidance for our fiscal year 2021 provided in the release and then open the lines for Q&A. First, I need to remind you that this call includes certain forward-looking statements, including remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. On this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue and non-GAAP operating income. The reconciliations for historical non-GAAP financial measures can be found in yesterday's press release. With that, I will now turn the call over to Dave.
Kevin Williams: Kartik, so I've talked to a few bankers and I will add this one thing that the ones I talked to really beefed up their loan loss reserve at the end of the March quarter in anticipation of this. So I think a lot -- majority of the P&L impact is already flushed through the P&L.
Kevin Williams: Yes. So Kartik, I mean, last year and again, deconversion fees is something that we -- it's very hard to predict. I mean, typically by this time on an earnings call in mid-August we have an idea of what's going to happen at least in this quarter and we typically have an idea of next quarter. And I mean, right now, I mean, the pipeline is just pretty empty. And as a reminder last year, we had four large customers that got acquired which those four customers were about equal to the decrease in the deconversion fees we're predicting this year. So if you take the adjusted $21 million deconversion revenue that -- and again, we had no idea where that's coming from, but we have to put something in the forecast, because we know there will be some. I would say, probably just put that in pretty much straight line and you're not going to miss it by much Kartik.
Kevin Williams: Well, it's license hardware on-prem. So if you think about John, so license and hardware this year created a $4.5 million headwind not even counting the pass-throughs and different things, so that was for the year. Obviously, the biggest chunk of that was in Q4, but that was a headwind and that's very similar to the headwind we saw in the past three years as we continue to shift 45 to 50 existing in-house customers to our private cloud each year. We will continue to sell less and less add-on license products and hardware upgrades as they make that move. So we're continuing to add recurring revenue. And you're right, it's literally two times the revenue we're getting from it or more, but you don't get that the big bump in license revenues when you sell a nice complementary product in a license environment. So we're going to continue to have the $4 million to $6 million headwind again next year on our product delivery line.
Kevin Williams: That is correct, John. And it's primarily all going to be in the first half of the year. Again, we still got the additional cost from the additional payment platform until we get through the first quarter. So we set up those additional costs. Plus the delayed license implementations and some hardware deliveries that we anticipate going to be in the first quarter and some in the second quarter, that's all going to have some negative margin impact in the first half of the year. But I -- but we anticipate margin improvement in the second half of the year. Best case scenario, I think, we could wind up flat for the year, but we're trying to be a little conservative and guide down just slightly.
Kevin Williams: So most of it will probably be in the complementary line if I was guessing. Well, actually core and complementary, because it's going to delay some implementations, especially the few in-house implementations we have out there. Payments -- and Dave commented, payments is kind of back to where we were pre-COVID. So, unless there's another flare from COVID-19 and they start shutting the economy back down, I don't think you're going to see the impact on the payments line. I guess it's going to be another two segments.
Kevin Williams: Like I said in my opening comments, it did help our transaction in digital during the quarter and helped to offset some of the card. But our transaction in digital was already growing at around 13% through the first three quarters, ended up growing just under 16%. So I mean the total impact was probably a couple of pennies maybe during the quarter that helped to offset the decreased growth in card.
Kevin Williams: So as we've historically said Dave, I mean the savings that we're going to see are essentially the same. It's staggered a little bit differently. But as Dave mentioned in his opening comments, we are on course to have all the core customers off the platform by the end of the Q1. All noncore customers are on schedule to be off the other platform by Q3. So we've indicated in the past that there's a minimum of $16 million in cost savings that will come in -- some of that will come in Q2. The rest of it will come in, in Q4. So with the impact of COVID and some of the things we've talked about in Q1 and Q2, so you're going to see some benefit in Q2 but because of the impact of COVID it's not going to be quite what we had talked about in the past, which obviously COVID is hard to foresee. But we will see the margin improvement in Q4 that we've always indicated we'll see.
Kevin Williams: Well, there's two things. One, we anticipate another probably $6 million or so headwind in decreased license fees and hardware this year that's going to happen, which we've been seeing for the last few years. So, obviously, when you take license revenue down, which is 100% margin that's going to have an impact on your overall margins until you can offset that with recurring revenue, which is really good margins but it's obviously not close to 100% like license revenue. So we're just -- I think at this point with COVID and everything else Dave, we're just trying to be a little conservative on our guidance going into the year. I mean, hopefully things turn out better than that. But we thought it was important for us to provide guidance and where we think we're going to be in this new unchanged world that we're in.
Kevin Williams: It's definitely a fair way to think about it. And as Dave pointed out, in his opening comments, we've been signing a number of new card customers, which none of those are on the platform yet. I mean those are all sitting in backlog to be converted over. And those are all competitive takeaways. So that's going to be new revenue. And we've been a little hesitant on really going aggressively for new sales, until we get this migration done. So, once we get to migration done, I think our sales team is going to be even more aggressive to good stuff. And at that point, we'll be able to start some of them through ProfitStars.
Kevin Williams: So Brett obviously the unknown is what COVID is going to be. And what the lingering effect of that is going to be. But barring that, then I think 7% is a very good place to look at for FY 2022. And once we get to the migration, depending on the output of some of the RFPs that Dave mentioned which those would be impacting FY 2022, not FY 2021. And all the card activity we've got going on. I think 7% would be a conservative number for FY 2022.
David Foss: Yes. So thanks Pete. We of course don't discuss the details of the backlog but just to kind of give you some high-level expectation. So there have been some delays, but it's not hugely significant. It's just people moving things around. And so normally if we have a customer who says, we want to delay this implementation we go find another customer who wants to move up in the schedule. So it's created lumpiness in the schedule for the implementation operations groups, but it's not as though there's major push to move things out. It's more the inconvenience and the inefficiency and moving things around a little bit is the way I would characterize the delays as far as install are concerned. To the first part of your question on sales, so you'll note we've been running at a pace of one new competitive core takeaway per week for two and a half to three years and that part has slowed down a little bit. So our sales aren't as -- weren't as dependent on new core takeaway -- competitive core takeaways as they have been in the past. But what was really fascinating to me, I guess, was that the other product groups not only filled in that gap but exceeded any other sales month and any other sales quarter that we've ever had. And so what were those things? Well I highlighted a few of them. We've continued to have really good success with the new payments platform. We've sold a whole bunch of the Banno Digital platform which as I highlighted in my opening comments probably is not a shocker to anybody, but really great traction there. We've been -- we've seen a number of in out -- in-house to outsource conversions that have been signed in the quarter. So -- and then a whole bunch of other things online lending and just a wide variety of products. So the thing I would highlight is the fact that even though the new core sales slowed and it's just the industry that slowed because people were not making as many of those decisions, so even though that slowed the sales teams filled in with all kinds of other sales of all kinds of other products. And so now those backlogs are robust. I'm not worried about them. It's not that we can't handle the installs, but those have kind of filled in around where we would have signed more new core takeaways. 
David Foss: Yes. So the good news for us first off the pipeline is after a record month and record quarter, we just did a sales -- a review with the sales leadership team on Monday of this week, and the pipeline is filling back up again which -- that's always a concern, when you have a blowout month and a blowout quarter, and then you've got to go fill the pipe again with new opportunities. So the pipeline is filling again had a big month in July as far as new opportunities that are going back into the pipeline. I'll add to that that the American Banker published a survey about a month ago probably, but it was a post-COVID survey of CEOs talking about technology spending, and there is no slowdown in their minds regarding their plans for technology spending. They may have shifted a little bit to thinking about things that we can do without everybody in the office and how do I live in a world where not all of my customers are coming to the branch, as often as they used to. Those types of things are top of their list more than they were before probably. But no slowdown in spending as compared to the pre-COVID numbers which is what we were looking for was compare what our bankers are saying and credit union executives are saying post-COVID as compared to what they were saying back in December and there was absolutely no slowdown in their expectation of spending. And we're seeing that now. So, now that everything is kind of settled back in, we saw a big influx of RFPs. For example, in July particularly in the banking group people kind of settled in they've kind of put the brakes on a little bit, but how they've settled in and decided, okay, we've got to get back to reviewing technology now that we understand how dependent we're going to be on technology going forward, and so big influx in RFPs and we're excited about that for new core competitive takeaways. A reminder on the core deals is those are very long sales cycles, right? So all these RFPs that came in in July, we won't report any of those wins probably for 9 months to 12 months because they're long sales cycles, but it's really heartening to see the industry getting back to focusing on evaluating technology and making those decisions even the major decisions like core replacement.
David Foss: Well, you'd have to be living in a cave to not have any concern probably, but it's not an overriding theme with our customers. They're not pulling in saying, oh, my gosh. I've got some real balance sheet risk here that I've got a -- that I've got to hunker down and can't do anything. So it's the opposite. We are seeing a tremendous amount of interest on the sales side. And I will tell you in two weeks, I think, it is I'll be hosting a whole bunch of credit union CEOs exclusive event for credit union CEOs and that will be one of the topics. And then about a month after that we'll do an -- and it'll be a virtual event. A month after that I'll do the same thing with banking CEOs so the only CEOs and that will be a topic. So I'll have a lot of group input on that topic. But anecdotally no – no major shifts and no major expression of concern. But like I said you'd have to be living in a cave not to have some level of concern about what's going on. But we don't see any slowdown right now from our customers.
David Foss: That's a great point. I've highlighted before the whole CECL thing all these bankers were so frustrated with CECL. Well CECL did them a great service. Now they -- them really getting focused on projecting credit losses has really done them as service in these difficult times. So as much as they were irritated with CECL a couple of years ago I think they're thankful that they went through all that stuff as Kevin has highlighted.
David Foss: It comes up rarely, but it's not most banks and credit unions still traditional banks and credit unions I'm not talking about the online-only banks the neo banks, but traditional banks and credit unions are still pretty wary of putting everything out in a public cloud environment. So we have some of our solutions today in a public cloud environment but not the core kind of the crown jewels piece. That's still -- not a lot of demand for that. We talk about it with our customers and we're very active in that space with other products. And we have a lot of things in the works as far as core is concerned, but not demand today for that.
David Foss: For sure, yes. So, a few things to keep in mind there. And my expectation is not that we will do every install for every product as a remote install going forward. That's not what our customers want. That's not the most efficient way in some regards to do implementation. So, it'll end up being a mix. I think the things that work really well, remote we will continue to do really well. The things that are a little awkward doing remote, we'll go back to having people on-site for those things. But that introduces efficiency. And when you have efficiency, then in theory, you probably don't need as many people. We won't have to add as many people as we look forward into the future for some of those things, because we'll have more efficient process. There is travel. So there's not only the dollar expense involved in travel, but the wear and tear on people that are traveling to do those implementations. And so -- and there's the facility cost. If we can do some of these things and if we have employees who want to continue working from home, as opposed to working remote in and off, meaning doing an implementation for a customer, but doing it from the office. If we continue to do that from home, there is a potential that we will need less office space. And we're examining that. I alluded to it in my opening comments. We're examining, what will the future look like for Jack Henry as far as office space requirements. We currently have 42 locations around the country. We need all those. So, there are a lot of those things that are in-flight for us that are kind of rolled up into that question. I can't tell you exactly what those will be today, but there absolutely will be savings in that in the long run.
David Foss: Sure. It's a big topic. Digital it's not that we're lacking anything. Our Banno Digital Platform is leading the industry as far as feature function is concerned, but we're continuing to build that out. So, expanding as far as business functionality on that platform is a key area of focus for us this year, and just continuing to broaden the offering. We're integrating in the Geezeo personal financial management platform. We are doing online account opening through that platform. There's lots of things that we're just continuing to integrate, and make sure that the consumer -- so the bank's customer, our credit union customer, make sure the consumer has a consistent user experience across all those different functions through the single digital channel. So that is definitely a big area of focus for us. But then beyond that, we're constantly investing in our core solutions where our two flagship cores emphasis on the credit union side and Silver Lake on the banking side. We continue to do a lot of investment in both of those products as our flagships. We also invest in our other legacy cores, but those are areas of focus. Our treasury management solution, we've talked about a lot on this call. Lots of demand for that solution, a lot of growth in that area, but we have to continue to enhance that solution as you get more sophisticated customers taking that platform. We're not done with the migration to the new card processing platform, so that's included in that number. And then online lending, so we've talked a lot on this call about our Commercial Lending Center suite competes, wins regularly by the way against nCino. And you've all seen the nCino, IPO that happened recently. Our Commercial Lending Center suite wins regularly in those deals, but we have to continue to invest in that platform to stay ahead of the game there. So, a number of things. And the other -- the last area I would highlight is fraud, so a lot of demand among our customers. We have our Yellow Hammer fraud solution that we're really focused on this year making that -- ensuring that that's a best-of-breed fraud solution. So, those are relatively short list of a very long list of things that we're continuing to invest in.
David Foss: It was relatively minor dollar amount. We didn't sell license fees. We -- what we did was we stood up a platform to provide that solution to our customers. By the way we were live before the SBA was ready to fund any loans we're pretty proud of that because most platforms were not live before the SBA. But we were up and running and live before the SBA was ready to fund loans. And so what we did was we charged customers on a consumption basis but it wasn't a huge needle mover for Jack Henry. I don't know what the number was. But it was a consumption model where if you decided to do one loan, you will only pay the little fee for that one loan. And if you did 2,000 loans you paid something for every one of those 2,000 loans just a quick charge for each loan that you funded through the platform. There is no ongoing charge for our customers. There is no maintenance. It's not something they're obligated to pay us for ongoing. It was just us trying to do the right thing to help them serve their customers in that moment of need.
David Foss: Thank you, Brett. It's a good question. We actually -- many weeks ago Kevin and I sat down and said okay -- as we kind of saw this all starting to unfold in the industry, we sat down and said "Okay. We've got to be ready here because something's going to pop. We're going to find a deal that is going to be a really good deal for Jack Henry. So let's be ready. We would make sure we we're prepared as far as cash on the balance sheet and lines of credit and let's go get aggressive and try and find something." And so now we're five and eight weeks, since we had that conversation and there are almost nothing. It's frustrating for us because you know us well. We've done a lot of acquisitions in our history. I feel strongly, we're a solid acquirer. We know how to choose companies. We know how to integrate them in successfully. We don't go looking for crazy, expense synergies on the front end of the deal. We're a disciplined acquirer, as I've said many times. And so we were very ready to find some deals and integrate them. We've had a few come along. Pricing has been a little out of line, on the ones that we have been interested in. But we're continuing to look. So I'm still hopeful that we'll find something that fits our profile and that will be a good addition for Jack Henry. But so far, it's been a little bit more frustrating, than I expected.
John Davis: Hey, thanks. Good morning guys. Kevin just one quick clarification on the EPS guidance. So assuming flat year-over-year term fees, you would have guided to something in the $403 million to $408 million range. I just want to make sure I'm not missing anything there.
John Davis: Okay. And then as I think about the COVID impact, I appreciate your commentary on the first half of the year call it, 3% to 5% back out 6% to 8%. So if I run that out, is it fair to say that COVID based on what you know today is one point to 1.5 points impact to non-GAAP revenue growth in 2021.
John Davis: All right. And then on -- I want to talk a little bit about the impact on the financials of the shift to cloud. I know it's 2.5 times more profitable over life of the contract. Were there any near-term revenue headwinds from kind of that shift to the cloud? I know there's been an uptick in demand for outsourcing, and then just curious if it's a near-term revenue headwind from lower license sales or how that kind of flows through the P&L.
John Davis: Okay. That's helpful. And then lastly I just wanted to hit on the margin. I think last quarter you guys commented you expect that the adjusted operating margin to kind of be flat to slightly up. It looks like guidance implies it's going to be down call it 25 to 30 basis points. First, is that correct? And what's driving the change? And maybe is there an added layer of conservatism given the macro backdrop? That's it for me.
