Kevin D. Williams: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Jack Henry & Associates first quarter fiscal year 2013 conference call. I am Kevin Williams, CFO. On the call with me today is Jack Prim, our CEO; and Tony Wormington, President. The agenda for the call this morning is the typical where Jack will start out with an overview of the quarter, Tony will then provide some additional operational highlights and then I'll provide some additional comments around the press release and the numbers in it that we put out yesterday after market close. And then we'll take some questions. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions today concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise the statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. Again, thank you for joining us this morning and now -- I would now turn the call over to Jack.
Kevin D. Williams: Yes. And I -- Kartik, I -- I mean, obviously, we don't see a whole lot out there but it's going to change our cost structure enormously. I mean obviously there's always some things that come up that can create challenges at times, but I think our margins are pretty solid. Obviously, they're higher than they have been for quite some time. Are they sustainable at that same 25% ops margin for the year? That remains to be seen. But obviously it's going to fluctuate a little bit, but I think we're at a level that we can continue to achieve.
Kevin D. Williams: The other thing, Kartik, is last spring, I actually did a presentation for a ProfitStars group and there was a survey out there across the broad swap of the bank and it was just looking at their cost of compliance with regulatory and it was still -- I mean it grown a little bit over the last 10 years but it was still, I think, it had gone from like 2% of their total cost to 3% or something about that. It was not jumping up tremendously, and my comment there is, we are responsible for keeping our bank and credit unions compliant with regulatory changes. So do they have to deal with it? Yes. But we are responsible for -- through the maintenance contract or through the OutLink contract, it's our responsibility to make sure they stay compliant with those changes in the regulations, which doesn't give them additional costs.
Kevin D. Williams: Dave, in my opening comments, I referred to a onetime de-conversion fee that happened this quarter that wasn't in last quarter. It was really an unusual de-conversion fee because it's actually an in-house customer which actually flowed through that maintenance line. So without that, our in-house support would have actually grown about 3% instead of 6%, a little over 3%. So that was a large contribution. This was a large in-house customer that got acquired and they -- there was a long-term maintenance agreement, but there was a early-termination penalty associated with that, that went through the maintenance line. So our in-house maintenance is up 3%, which is probably sustainable for the year based on our deferred revenue and some of the work orders and different things. And obviously our annual release will be coming up in the next quarter, so it's probably going to be more the 3% type range rather than the 6-plus percent that we had this quarter.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, it's -- obviously, it's primarily the mix of our revenues that's having an impact on that. But we continue to leverage the infrastructure. I mean we've got the same number of data centers that we had 1 year -- well, actually we had 1 less, as we continue to look to data center consolidation. Our PassPort switch is basically the same as it was 1 year ago for both PassPort and PTS, for rogue debit and credit. So we still got quite a bit of flexibility there and room to grow. I mean as we continue to add customers in both those areas, do we, in occasion need to do a hardware grade? Yes. But hardware's pretty cheap, especially when you're spreading it over that many customers. So it's really just execution. Can the margins go higher? Maybe. But obviously, like I said earlier, they're going to fluctuate around a little bit and -- but I think as we continue to grow our payments business and continue to grow our outsourcing and see the shift from in-house to outsourced customers, we should continue to maintain, if not improve, the margins.
Kevin D. Williams: The other couple -- a couple of things, Glenn. We've talked about is in the past. Obviously, the continued move from in-house to outsourcing, we're averaging about 40 of those a year, which obviously, the revenue base, it doubled. But our wallet share goes up, the cost doesn't necessarily go up with the FI. They take the costs out of other places, but we get a bigger wallet share which doesn't really have much an impact on our cost structure. The other thing that we've talked about is, 2 or 3 years ago, we actually changed some things at our sales organizations for quoted payment for our payments for our PassPort business. And our PassPort business has literally exploded in the last 2 or 3 years. We've got a very healthy backlog of inflows on those. Instead of selling 30 or 40 of those new switch deals like we were 4 years ago, we're averaging 100 or so a year now for the last couple of years, so that is driving some very nice revenue growth. So those are a couple of the big players. And then just the overall growth in online bill pay with the iPay is adding to that. And we continue to see growth for remote deposit cash. So basically, all of our electronic payment fronts continue to grow very nicely, which is now 35% of our business. And when you think about that and OutLink is close to 20%, you've got well over 50% of your business that's growing very nicely. And when you got hardware slowing down, which is actually obviously, the lowest margin business we've got, it makes for a very nice shift in our businesses.
Kevin D. Williams: And as far as backlog, Glenn, I mean -- and obviously you got to look at 2 components, we have in-house and outsourcing. Our in-house backlog is essentially flat, I mean it's down less than 1% from our June quarter. And if you look historically, we have typically burnt anywhere from 5% to 9% of in-house backlog in the first quarter, which tells me that with software license revenue being strong, that our sales, as Jack pointed out, continues to be pretty strong in the quarter for in-house backlog to remain flat. As far as outsourcing, you've got to go back and look at last year. I mean in the last 12 months, our outsourcing backlog exploded from $288 million to $343 million at June 30. It went down a little bit this quarter. It went down 3%. But like I said, in the second half of last fiscal year was the vast majority of our in-to-outs which loads up that outsourcing backlog. We had some very nice wins in outsourcing in the second half of last year. And as you start thinking about it, when you're rolling $25 million to $30 million a quarter out of outsourcing backlog, it takes a lot of renewals or new contracts just to replace that. So my point there is, yes, it went down roughly $10 million from June quarter, or 3%, but we're rolling $25 million to $30 million out of backlog on any given quarter now because it's so large, which means we're still -- we still have a pretty healthy sales quarter. .
Kevin D. Williams: I mean, obviously, it's different in any given quarter or any given year, Glenn. But I mean, the bank failures could have easily been 1% to 4% in any given quarter depending on when they hit and which institutions hit in any given quarter.
Kevin D. Williams: That really depends on, like I said, which institution depending on any given period. Because if they were in-house customers, very little impact on margin. If they were outsourcing, huge impact on margin in any given quarter [indiscernible] institution.
Kevin D. Williams: No. But Pete, I mean there is an additional fee when they actually do declare a disaster. But as Jack points out, I mean, it's not even a blimp anywhere on the screen that you'll see.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, I mean obviously, we've got net cash now of a little over $100 million. We tried to buy stock back this last quarter and we bought back a little bit, but it was a pretty short window of trading for us because we were -- the company plays by the same rules that Jack and Tony and I do when we're blacked out for the company. So we were not able to even be in the market until after we announce year-end earnings, which is the end of August. And then obviously, we were blacked out again at the end of September, so pretty short period there plus our trading volumes were down. We hit an all-time high in the stock, so it was just not a real opportune time to be in the market. And even though we were in the market, it was a challenge to buy much volume. So we will continue to look at that. We will continue to look at acquisitions. We would love to find the right acquisition that fits our criteria, but they appear to be few and far between out there. But we will continue to look for those. Obviously, we'll continue to discuss with the board uses of our dry powder, as you so put it, in regards to dividends or additional stock buybacks or whatever, or potentially even paying down our term debt and cutting back on our cost of interest. So that's pretty much where we're at. It hasn't changed a whole lot over the last year. We'll continue to try to be opportunistic to get the best return for our shareholders.
John F. Prim: Thanks, Kev. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call for fiscal year 2013. We are pleased to be able to report a very solid performance for the quarter, reflecting continued strong execution by our associates and we believe, finally, a reflection of the impact of the reduced number of bank failures. Although our organic growth has been good, as we have mentioned previously, these failures at various times in the current economic cycle had represented revenue headwinds of 1% to 3%. While these headwinds have not completely gone away, as we were reminded with the loss of a small bank customer 2 weeks ago, we do feel we have grown over the largest part of that problem at this point. Our 9% organic revenue growth in the quarter allowed us to generate a 17% growth in operating income, 16% growth in net income and 17% growth in earnings per share. It's a good way to start the year, but as I'm sure Kevin will soon remind you, our FY '13 fiscal year, like every year, is heavily weighted towards the back end of the year and this is, as always, reflected in our guidance. With that, I'll turn it over to Tony to provide some additional information on the business.
John F. Prim: Yes, Kartik, it's Jack. Again, as -- I think some of this is a reflection of the growing over some of the larger volumes of bank failures and fewer banks failing. As we've talked about, that's been a drag on revenue growth through the cycle. As the number of bank failures is declining, it's lightening up some. Sales performances continue to be good in all areas of the company. So as Kevin indicated, I think the kind of growth range that we're in, in that 6% to 8%, is probably reasonable, barring some fallout from extraneous factors that we don't see on the horizon at this point.
John F. Prim: Kartik, we, the week before last, had a meeting at our user conference, and it was a separate session with about 80 bank presidents and CEOs. And certainly, there is concern about cost of regulatory compliance and things of that nature, but I would tell you that I didn't -- I did not sense a lot of handwringing over the situation. I think people adapt. Whatever the rules are, we'll figure those out and we'll adapt to those rules and we'll figure out a way to make money based on whatever the new rules are. It seems to be more of the attitude. I think certainly, in some of the smaller banks, there may be a little more pressure towards consolidation. But at this point, although I think bank acquisition prices may be improving a little bit, I don't think they've improved enough to cause a significant movement towards further consolidation. We certainly think that consolidation will continue right now, we think roughly at, or maybe slightly above, historical levels of the last 10 years or so. But right now, we don't sense a lot of people throwing the towel in by any stretch of imagination.
John F. Prim: Well, Dave, the fair amount of the implementation services number is acquisition merger-related, so where one of our customers is acquiring another institution and we're doing the conversion services to fold that in. So a fair amount of that revenue is going to be a onetime deal to get that deal done. It might tick up their maintenance a little bit or if it's an outsourcing customer, it could result in a little better increase in the account processing fees. But then you've also got the implementation fees associated with new core customers, whether in-house or outsourced. The in-house version of those, and that's going to be largely on the credit union side, they'll be -- as a percentage of the new implementations, they'll be a little more in-house variety on the Credit Union side than there will on the Bank side. But typically, the license associated revenue there is going to come in roughly comparable periods to those implementation services. So to your question about whether that would represent ongoing revenue growth, pretty much only in the sense of software -- of software maintenance. So it's good, it's healthy, but a lot of that is kind of onetime revenue that won't necessarily drag significant ongoing revenue with it.
John F. Prim: Well, I think it's market share gains particularly in the credit union space, certainly doing well in the banking space. I think we've -- new products have been well received in our customer base. I mean it's basically blocking and tackling, Glenn. I don't know that there's anything particularly noteworthy. You've commented and it's correct that we're growing at somewhat smaller base than the other guys, so that's certainly plays into it as well, but I think it's just continued execution.
John F. Prim: I would just add, Glenn, too, that the ProfitStars business has continued to come together very nicely over the last couple of years. That's a concept that we've launched 5 or 6 years ago and had a number of acquisitions. And I think we've evolved the sales structure and organization over there. And I think that has clearly paid dividends for the last 2 to 3 years which has contributed nicely as well. So it's kind of just a number of things coming together.
John F. Prim: Well, the sales environment, Glenn, has been somewhat surprisingly strong. And our teams have all made well in excess of their annual quota for the last 2 years. I mean that's the Jack Henry Banking, Symitar, and ProfitStars organization. Frankly, it -- you almost expect to see a couple of them be up and one maybe lagging a little bit. But for the last 2 years, all 3 of them have exceeded their sales quotas. In fact, for the full fiscal year 2012, the excess over quota, they were anywhere from 120% to 140% above their quota. So sales have continued to be strong and some of that is probably that -- the 2 years prior to that, there certainly have been significant pullback on any type of discretionary spending and maybe a little bit of loosening of the purse strings there. Q1 for us, the September quarter, is traditionally a little slower from a sales standpoint. That has not been the case the last 2 years. We saw a little bit more of that in Q1 just completed. But again, not concerned about that. That's really normal. What we've seen the last couple of years has been less normal in Q1 and our teams feel very good about being caught back up by the end of the second quarter. So from the standpoint of sales environment, it's not any one area. It's a lot of base hits that -- and we continue to feel pretty good about the environment.
John F. Prim: Yes. The impact on margins is probably greater than the impact on revenue. We are looking at a 1% to 3% headwind on revenue, but the problem when that goes away is there's typically not a lot of cost that goes away with it. And so, the impact on margins could be potentially ahead of the impact that we've seen as a percentage on revenue.
John F. Prim: John, I don't think so. The -- there were some banks who probably have a tendency to look at that option in 2008, '09, '10. But the reason -- I mean we're 130 or so, probably that it made that transition...
John F. Prim: Over 200 now in the last 5 or 7 years. And the reasons are all across the board. It's not just because capital outlay required to keep their systems current and updated. It's any number of things and it's different potentially for every bank. So the other thing that we're seeing is we've seen fairly steady interest on the bank side in making that transition again for whatever the variety of reasons would be. But we've seen growing interest on the credit union side who are probably 3 or 4 years behind on that concept of maybe a preference for outsourced delivery rather than in-house. So we have seen stronger movement on the credit union side in recent -- the last couple of years. So I don't think the economy is necessarily a significant impact as much as the number of technologies and delivery channels and everything else that the institutions have to have available. So we still see a good bid of activity out there at this point. We don't see it slowing. And frankly, some slowing on the Bank side would be likely to be offset by increased interest on the Credit Union side.
John F. Prim: Pete, I don't know that there's been a significant change there. The -- we have a very strong partnership with Microsoft, as you may know, and it's been Solution Provider of the Year for them on some of our products. Microsoft is very interested in seeing their cloud business increase and so we're kind of partnered with them to offer some of their office applications in the cloud using their hosting, quite frankly, for that. Don't -- we had some interest in that. I don't anticipate that being a significant revenue generator at this point in time. But I think that it is further an indicator of the trend away from hosting things that have traditionally been hosted in-house, not just core systems but even e-mail and other office applications that you might host in-house on a server, that while the demand for that right now we think is still pretty low, I think that the longer term trends are towards hosting of a lot of those types of services. So we're looking at various ways of being able to continue to provide what's needed.
John F. Prim: We have had some banks that were impacted. I don't think that the revenue that would be generated from that would be noteworthy.
John F. Prim: Yes, That's a great question, Pete, and we certainly are seeing a demand for a number of our security-related products. As you may recall, when we did the acquisition of Gladiator a few years ago, while the services that they were providing at the time, intrusion monitoring and prevention of bad guys that are accessing financial institutions, good service. That wasn't really why we bought them. It's a good and necessary service, but we bought them with the intention of developing a more all-encompassing approach to security that would not only be from the firewall out, but would also monitor core systems and related activity from inside the firewall, which quite frankly, most studies would tell you is where, on a percentage basis, the largest amount of fraud that gets committed is on the inside rather than bad guys getting in. But we have completed that product a couple of years ago, our enterprise security monitoring solution. We've had very strong demand for that. Sales were up significantly last year and continue to be up at significant rate. Now again, that is a recurring revenue model, so it's -- in any given quarter, it won't make a big impact but again, does add nicely to our recurring revenue and backlog over a period of time. I would also say related to your question about potential increase costs, I would tell you that frankly, there are likely to be some increased costs to Jack Henry for some of our security-related requirement. As you know, we outrun one of the largest Internet banking operations in the country. And you certainly -- everybody have seen the headlines in recent weeks about the denial of service attacks on some of the large financing institutions. And while we have very strong systems in place and spend large sums of money already in that regard, that certainly there is some potential for us to need spend more there. Again, will that show up any significant way in any numbers that would be apparent to you? I doubt it. But again, it's an area that we have to continue to try to stay on top of.
Tony L. Wormington: Thanks, Jack. We are pleased with the strong contributions in all components of support and services which increased 11% over the prior year quarter and represents 90% of total revenue. The largest contributor to this was our electronic payments revenue which grew 15% compared to the prior year quarter and represents 35% of total revenue. Our outsourced data and item processing services increased 9% for the quarter and represents 18% of total revenue which is driven by both new customers who prefer this model as well as the continued movement of our existing in-house customers electing to migrate to this service model. Our in-house annual maintenance fees increased 7% for the quarter and represents 27% of total revenue. In addition, our onetime implementation revenues increased 18% compared to prior year quarter and represents 8% of total revenue. Our electronic payments transaction volumes continue to experience very nice growth. PassPort, ATM and debit card processing volumes increased 11.6% over the prior year quarter. Bill payment transaction volumes increased 19.3% over the prior year quarter. Financial institution merchants utilizing our enterprise payment solution increased to over 41,700 merchants, representing a 12.7% increase compared to the prior year quarter. Merchant-related transaction volumes increased 18.7% over the prior year quarter. I'll now turn it over to Kevin for a further look at the numbers.
Tony L. Wormington: Yes. I think the increases due to our share gains that we're seeing in the bill pay market as well as increased activity just in general in what we're seeing with the existing institutions that are out there, I don't have same store numbers in front of me to provide those to you, but we continue to see strong elevation in our transaction volume increases across the board, really.
Tony L. Wormington: Certainly, we'd expect them to continue somewhat into the year. I would tell you that a significant increase in bill pay volumes really started 1 year ago which will anniversary in the upcoming quarter. So I would expect the bill pay numbers to decrease in the next quarter because we had elevated implementation -- or I'm sorry, transaction volume percentages in the December quarter 1 year ago. So I wouldn't expect them to be as high next quarter. This quarter would be the last quarter that really has had some of the jump that we've seen. Although it continues to increase, I expect them to be higher than they have been 1 year ago. But they will probably be off from what this quarter is.
