Kevin Williams: Thank you Bridget. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the Jack Henry & Associates, third quarter fiscal 2014 conference call. I’m Kevin Williams, CFO and on the call with me today are Jack Prim, CEO; and Tony Wormington, President. The agenda for the call this morning is as follows: Jack will start with an overview of the quarter. Tony will then provide some operational highlights in the quarter and then we’ll provide some additional comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday after market closed and then obviously we’ll open it up for some Q-&-A.  First of all, I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate, due to a number of risks and uncertainties and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements.  For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I'll now turn it over to Jack.
Kevin Williams: Well Kartik, I mean I don’t know there’s so much backlog. I mean obviously the backlog is the biggest drivers in there. It is in the in-house piece, there’s implementation services and software and both those are very good guidance. We look at other things. We look at our backlog of installs and what the timeline is of those, but also you know the biggest drivers in our business continues to be outsourcing, which is driven a lot by the in to out and all the new core customers are going to outsourcing and our famous business continues to be very strong.  We had very nice growth in that. If you kind of back out the one-time deconversion fees for last year and those continue to be our good drivers and the backlog is representative that kind of supports that. So I think for the foreseeable future, we’re going to see, we’ll be able to grow our top line revenue in mid to high single digits.
Kevin Williams: And to your point Brett, I think where your going to see those is in the bigger banks, which is not really where we go access our core solutions anyway, before we see any of them on the low end of the market.
Kevin Williams: Yes, Brett, I would add that if you look at historically our total R&D spend, which is R&D expense plus that software has remained pretty steady at just over 10% of non-hardware revenues. So if our revenue has increased over the years, which we’ve had some really nice growth in revenue, our R&D expense is pacing right along with that and I don’t see that changing. So if the other question you are going to come up, is when you are going to deleverage our R&D, the answer is probably never expect it. That’s what continues to drive sales force. 
Kevin Williams: All right. Thanks Bridget. We want to thank you all for joining us today to review our third quarter fiscal 2014 results. We are pleased with the results from our ongoing operations and the efforts of all our associates to take care of the customers. Our executives, managers and all of our associates continue to focus on what is best for our customers and shareholders.  We hope to see many of you next Monday afternoon at our Annual Analyst Day, which is once again being held at DFW Grand Hyatt. The even will begin at 1:00 p.m. with presentation from some of our executive team and all of our national sales managers and then we will wrap that even up with reception and many checks there and showoff a few of our hardware products on Monday evening.  With that, I would like to thank you again and Bridget, will you please provide the replay number. 
Jack Prim: Thanks Kevin. Good morning and welcome to the call. We are pleased to again announce record revenue, net income and business backlogs for our third fiscal quarter.  Continued strong execution led to organic revenue growth of 7% in the quarter and solid gross and operating margins even as high margin license fees declined 8% from the year ago quarter. Although license fee is a little lower than the year ago quarter, it is worth noting that that quarter had the highest license fee revenue in the previous three fiscal years.  As we have previous indicated, with the strong preference for outsourced processing by new core customers and the continued movement of current in-house customers to outsourcing, the long term trend for license fees will be down. The trade-off here is that we will receive higher total revenue over the contract term and stable, predictable revenue streams.  We continue to see strong sales performances across three of our brands and continued market share gains in the credit unit segment, including our 5th billion dollar or larger credit union signed during the fiscal year.  We closed the acquisition of Banno in the quarter and the integration into Jack Henry is going well. We look forward to adding this innovative group to our team and integrating their mobile and web marketing capabilities into our Internet and mobile offerings.  Our biennial employee engagement survey again showed strong results as compared to external company measurements, outperforming these peer companies in ever measured category, and our customer satisfaction ratings remain at their industry leading levels. We believe these two measurements to be closely related.  Earlier we announced that Tony Wormington has announced his plan to retire at the end of our current fiscal year. I’d like to take this opportunity to thank Tony for his many contributions to the success of JHA during his 34 year career and wish him all the best in his upcoming retirement.  Dave Faust will assume the roll of President effective July 1 and continue this 15 year career with JHA.  We look forward to seeing many of you at our analyst conference next week, where Tony, Dave and several other key managers will be in attendance and several will go into more detail on various parts of the business. With that, I’ll now turn it over to Tony for a closer look at the business. 
Jack Prim: Yes Kartik, this is Jack. Well, I don’t know if we’ve seen anything change. Its pretty aggressive, particularly for any of the payments related business, not just bill pay, but ATM debit and credit card transaction, routing, etcetera. Our lenders are getting pretty aggressive with some of their bundling tactics and things of that nature, but that’s not a new phenomenon.  So related to Internet banking, I can’t say that we’ve really seen anything different there. For the most part you know the same products are still in the market. They would have been in the market for a lot of possibility with new ownership and a case or two here and there, but essentially the same products. I mean obviously that’s an area of both internet and mobile, where we’re continuing to invest heavily and to keep the products fresh and up to date, but I don’t know that we’ve seen anything particularly new in either of those areas.
Jack Prim: Hey Brett, I don’t know that its more of a focus. I mean I think other than in the depths of the financial crisis. I mean for the last year or two there certainly has been a focus on revenue. There’s been a number of studies here lately that indicate that the loan demand is growing particularly in some of the smaller banks and the indication that maybe some of the larger banks are pulling back a little bit in some of the lending areas with more of a focus on liquidity with some of the regulatory constraints that they are facing right now, but I don’t know that I’ve heard any of our banks saying, wow your loan demand is really great now, but I think there’s a number of indications that it is improving.  But again, I think that focus on revenue has been there. I think maybe the economy is just now, the economy and or the circumstances I just described are now maybe coming together to make that a little easier to realize, but there’s certainly been a strong focus on revenue and trying to figure out how to replace in some cases revenue that were impacted by the various aspects of the Durbin amendment. But I think that’s been the focus for a while.
Jack Prim: No, not really Brett. Not new news that some of the international players would like to be here. I think that it’s a lot easier to sell a system for the first time than it is to implement one. So before I attribute too much to that particular implementation that you mentioned, probably I’ll wait and see if it ever got implemented first, but international players have wanted to be here for quite a while. I don’t think there’s anything new in that, but with only these occasional very odd exception has there been any progress in that area and you know it will happen some day. I think its inevitable, some day it will, but not anything we’re seeing or terribly concerned about today.
Jack Prim: Yes Brett, I don’t know if I’d be necessarily looking for continued increases. It is at an increased level. I don’t think I’ll be looking for that level to drop off any. I think that yes, that’s going to be an area where we will all have to continue to remain vigilant. At the same time we’re also continuing to spend on our solutions in that regard in terms of security offerings that we can take to our customers.  So I mean I think its defiantly going to continue to be an area of emphasis. I think we certainly are investing more as our customers in the compliance area, audit area, to make sure that we are covering all the bases internally, looking at the systems, testing all the systems, looking for not only security related vulnerabilities, but you know for just risk management standpoint.  So I think there certainly is some elevated spending in those areas and I would expect it to remain roughly at similar levels for probably forever, if not at lease for the foreseeable future. 
