Kevin Williams: Thank you, Bridget. Good morning, and again, thank you for joining us for the Jack Henry & Associates’ first quarter fiscal 2015 earnings call. I am Kevin Williams, CFO, and on the call with me today is Jack Prim, our CEO. The agenda for the call this morning is, Jack will start with his thoughts on the performance of the quarter. Then I will provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we’ve put out yesterday after market close, and then we will open the lines up for Q&A. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate, due to a number of risks and uncertainties, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday’s press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled, Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Jack.
Kevin Williams: Yes. David, it was pretty solid performance on each of those components. I think bill payment transaction growth was up about 18%. The PassPort debit and credit transaction processing was up a little over 8%. I don’t have the remote deposit capture numbers handy, but they were up solidly as well in the quarter. So it was a pretty good performance across the board on various payment products.
Kevin Williams: Well, I would say, David, we just continue to focus on some of these major projects. I think we have actually stepped up the pace on some of the projects to get them roll last quarter than later. So it’s just a matter of timing of time to get these products developed and out the door.
Kevin Williams: Deconversion fees were right at $5 million, compared to a little over $3 million a year ago. So about a half [ph] percent of our total revenue growth came from a slight increase in deconversion fees. So even without those, we were still over 70% organic growth. The share count at September 30, roughly $82.5 million, Dave.
Kevin Williams: Well, I mean we decided to go ahead and take a million this quarter Brett. I don’t know – I mean, that was kind of the direction I had from the board going into this quarter after the board meeting in August, was to go ahead and take a million off. So again the board will talk about this next week and give me some more clarification on how much more to take. So I’m sure we’ll take some more off the table Brett. So if you want to assume that we’ll take another million shares off for the balance of the year, that’s probably not a bad assumption.
Kevin Williams: We decided, Brett, we’re just not going to give backlog. We took so many different things moving in and out of there and we’re just going to give that on an annual basis in the 10-K.
Kevin Williams: Glenn, we’ve always tried to tell you what we think what we’re going to do, and then we try to do it or beat it, so not much changes in there.Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Jack Prim: Thanks Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call for fiscal year 2015. We are pleased to again be able to report a strong performance for the quarter, solid gains in every revenue component with the exception of hardware, allows us to show organic revenue growth of just under 8% in the quarter. Outsourcing, payments and implementations, all showed strong growth, and license fees were up nicely with contributions from new core and add-on complementary product sales. The decline in hardware revenue is a reflection of the continued interest in hosted delivery of our products, resulting in fewer sales of new core processing units, and reduced upgrades to existing processors, as in-house customers transitioned to outsourcing. We held our Annual Banking and Credit Union user conferences in recent weeks, and observed continued improvement in their outlook on the business environment, citing improved loan demand even in areas like the Southeastern United States, which were hit particularly hard in the recent recession. It was a good start for the year. We look forward to continue the progress. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Kevin for a closer look at the numbers.
Jack Prim: Well, Symitar has continued to quite well, David. We signed in the quarter two credit unions that were over a $1 billion in assets. I think we had a total of seven new core footprints in the credit union. All of those were competitive replacements. We don’t even put out a press release when we sell something to an existing credit union or bank that moves from in-house to outsourcing or buys a new license for whatever. So all of our wins are competitive takeaways.
Jack Prim: Dave it’s going to be any number of products that have significant expenditures on. Some of the couple or larger projects are the Emphasis [ph] product line credit union side, SilverLake enhancement they were doing on the banking side. You got compliance or related development across the board on all of those products, but even your complementary products whether its development on the mobile side, internet banking side, whether it’s just an architecture or refresh of some product. When you’ve been in business for 37 years and you got over 100 products, there is something that’s always in need of some development attention in addition to whatever new product development effort. So it’s hard to pinpoint any one or two particular items.
Jack Prim: Well, I would tell you, Dave, we actually have our board meeting next week and that’s a topic that comes up every quarter. I think the plans this year is to continue to take a few shares off the table. The use of the revolver is – it doesn’t bother us to succeed by shares, because obviously next summer we’ll have another inflow of cash. I don’t think you’ll see us lever up a whole bunch to buy back stock, but I think we’ll continue to take some off the table.Dave Koning – Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. Thank you.
Jack Prim: Well, as we said on the last call, Brett, I don’t think anything has changed. I mean margins are going to remain relatively flat this fiscal year. I think you’ll see some expansion margins next year. I think we could see some expansion in EBITDA margins even this year, as the DNA continues to increase from prior and current CapEx and cap software that we’ve been spending on. So I think free cash flow should go back to a nice increase in the next fiscal year. Some of the CapEx that we spent this quarter obviously the fourth plan, which is not going to have a huge impact on depreciation, because we obviously got rid of a plan, as the process went on. Some of the CapEx as I mentioned as some of our shared storage, which a lot of that is driven by the – getting ready to put up the hosted network services and some other things we’re doing, all of our back in imaging and different things. So these are the things that will continue to grow. And again to your point, free cash flow should go back to a nice growth trajectory next fiscal year.
Jack Prim: Well, we’re seeing solid growth in mobile banking, Brett, both in the existing mobile apps that we had prior to the Banno acquisition. We’ve kind of put out a refreshed set of applications for our Girdle [ph] product which have been very well received by the client base and sales of that product remains very strong. The Banno Mobile product is selling well. We’ve released a tablet application. With the same time, there is still a need for continued investment in the internet banking solutions. So I don’t know that I could quote you clear statistics on what’s happening to internet banking usage relative to mobile. I think mobile is clearly on the uptrend. I’m not seeing anything that at least makes it believe there is any significant downturn in usage on the traditional internet banking solutions. And there seems to be a lot of ongoing demand for further enhancement and improvement on some of those systems as well. So I think my gut feel, not supported by any evidence, is that the internet banking usage is staying very solid and we’re seeing significant growth in usage on the mobile side.
Jack Prim: We pretty much take a good cross section of the industry. So the contributors are going to be largely weighted to what the market share is in the credit union industry. So we’ll replace some of everybody on an annual basis, and certainly some folks have a larger presence in the credit union industry. So we’ll tend to contribute a little more to that.
Jack Prim: Yes, I think mainly, Glenn, that we had a very significant growth last year in the credit union space, and so it’s – compared to the year ago quarter, it’s a bit more of a tough comp, but again very steady. Certainly anticipate as we’ve been saying for a year and a half now, that we do expect to see more competition from the – as a result of the Fiserv and Open Solutions acquisition. And certainly I think their efforts have been focused on retaining their existing customers. And so we’ve certainly would have expected that would be the case. I said that from the very beginning, and I think that certainly has been where a lot of their focus has been, but we’re still winning our fair share of the new opportunities in the market and still feel good about our opportunities.
