David Foss: I said in my comments, the convert merged slots and just to make sure nobody is clear when we reference convert merge, it's -- it happens when one of our institutions is acquiring another institution. They notify us well ahead of time, well before the conversion actually, or the acquisition actually happen. They notify us that they will need our help to convert the acquired institution onto the Jack Henry platform and so we hold those slots. In the past several weeks here, that volume has increased significantly, or customers contacting us to hold conversion slots and essentially sign contracts to lock those in.  And so that's why -- what I said in my comments was, every conversion slot now on the banking side of our business is filled for convert merge activity through the remainder of the fiscal year, and we're evaluating whether or not we need to add more teams. And the reason for that evaluation is we have to keep an eye on, does a deal fall through? Since they notify us well ahead of time and ask us to hold a slot and they they will contract in front of them. But does that deal fall through? We have -- we've been doing this for a long time. We're very good at predicting what's going to actually happen and what's not, but everything that we have today that is known, that is booked, is worked into the guidance that Kevin provided to you, but there is more potential opportunity out there.  We may stand up if demand justifies that, we may stand up an additional conversion team, or even 2 conversion teams, we've done that in the past. And so we'll just have to follow that as it goes. But what we know today is included in the guidance that Kevin has shared with you. But there is still potentially more opportunity there based on what happens with our customers. The key messaging there was just for you all to know that convert merge or M&A is back in the banking space. That not only is a real positive for us and that we have customers acquiring other customers and we generally are paid on account volume and transaction volumes. That's good for us when they get merged in. But then also for you to be aware that deconversion revenue will probably go up because we know that some of our customers will also be acquired away from us as M&A continues to grow.
David Foss: So there's a lot in the -- on the payments line of course 3 and you highlighted there, so 3 primary components in the payments line for us. So the Payments segment for us, there's bill pay revenue, there's card revenue, dividend credit and then there is what we refer to as EPS enterprise payments solutions. The bill pay bill pay line or the bill pay business continues to be relatively flat. I mean, there's some growth, but as we've talked about on the call before, anybody who needs the bill pay solution has a bill pay solution. Volumes aren't really fluctuating. that much, so it's relatively flat in the bill pay business.  The card business is continuing to grow. We're seeing nice growth not only because we're adding customers, but because now as the pandemic numbers have dropped again, here in the early fall, transaction volumes, we've seen a definite correlation between transaction volumes increasing as infections have -- reported infections have dropped. And so that's a key part. But the enterprise payments business is continuing to grow very nicely at the smallest piece of that segment. But the fastest-growing piece of that segment.  And that is driven by remodel by capture, but also by it's origination's. And so we have a number of customers who have signed with that platform recently and some that we'll announce next year, I think as they come live, that we'll be continuing to drive big volumes through that platform. So it's the combination of those things, but I think are driving the payments revenue, and all of those are positioned well for continued growth in the coming year.
David Foss: Yeah, that's a good question. I have no hesitation about reaffirming 3% to 5%. Can it be greater than 5%? It's little early probably for me to commit to that, but I will again say with no hesitation, 3 to 5%. And in fact on the high end of that, I easily sign up for 5% based on what we're seeing right now below the core, it's been interesting watching core deals as we've come out of the real trough of the pandemic.  And obviously the pandemic isn't over, but we're deals are really lumpy right now, but there is a tremendous amount of activity as far as side of the business. And then if you look at the rest of the suite of Jack Henry, the forecasts are looking or the pipelines are looking very, very strong right now. So I'm,-- like I say, very comfortable signing up for the high end of that guide and it could be even higher but I think we need a little more time under our belt here to make sure that I'm not overextending.
David Foss: So 3 pieces, bill pay, our card business debit and credit and then what we refer to as EPS enterprise payment solutions, which is [Indiscernible] SCH. The Enterprise Payment Solutions business is growing the fastest, but it's the smallest of those three components. So the card business is the largest, the bill pay business, second largest. Bill Pay, really relatively flat. It's growing a little bit, but like I said, most anybody who needs bill pay has Bill Pay and volumes don't change that much in that piece of the segment. But the card business is growing nicely both because of new customers that we're adding and because of just volumes picking up again. And then the fastest is also the smallest, which is Enterprise Payments.
David Foss: Well, I am not exactly sure what you're including in the super app buckets. They've I mean, they others, there's lots of stuff going on out there. We are working. So the thing about the bantle platform is -- it is built to work with an open API based platform. So modern technology stack open API based platform, you saw -- hopefully you saw the press release we did in October where we announced the partnership and integration of finicity, Akoya, and Plaid. All of those relationships are designed to provide greater functionality on this digital platform to connect FinTech solutions to other FinTech solutions.  Our goal with the platform is not only to offer the best experience for the consumer and small business through a single digital experience, but also to provide the best platform in the industry to create that inter-connectivity of applications to other applications. The other thing that we're trying to do through all of that, and this is important when you compare to modern technology stack like we have with Banno, as compared to other things that are out there is we are close to being able to eliminate screen scraping.  And if you're not comfortable -- if you're not familiar with that term of screen scraping, that's what happens with older applications where a consumer, let's say you're trying to consolidate all of your accounts on one in one experience on one spot, one digital experience, well, the old approach, which most companies out there are using widely today is screen scraping, where the consumer provides their credentials, their log on and password into some central location, and that central location goes out on, essentially simulates being a consumer going on in pulling down balance information or you can probably imagine the security -- potential security and privacy issues that come along with that, and so we've been working very diligently for several years to eliminate all of that in our platforms.  And they use this integration that we've done with Finicity, Akoya, and Plaid. And the other moves that we've made with our digital platform have us right on the cusp of eliminating all of that well ahead of anybody else, any of our traditional competitors when it comes to offering a truly state-of-the-art digital experience.
David Foss: That it's fair to say, so we are you're -- you're accurate with signing and I've emphasized that many times signing core takeaways, gaining share on the core side of the business. But a lot of that is driven by all this other outstanding technology that we're delivering and the tight integration that we're doing not just with Jack Henry products, other Jack Henry products, but Jack Henry products to the other things out there in the industry that people want to be able to use the FinTech solutions out there.  We are providing that connectivity easily. In the press release again, but referring back to the Finicity Accordion Plaid Release, if you look at the headline it's zero-cost, zero-lift. We're doing all that for our customers, zero - costs, zero - lift. Why would you do that? A, it's the right thing to do, but B, in long-run, it's less expensive for us as a provider if our customers will adopt those types of things, all of that thought, all of that approach, all of that philosophy around delivering technology is being recognized in our industry and Jack Henry is getting credit for it and customers are moving to our platforms as a result.
David Foss: I don't recall the 17%. I mean, that segment is growing very well, we're very happy with what's happening in the segment.I don't remember us reporting 17% last quarter.
David Foss: Dominic, you've got a lot packed into that one question, but they're things I love to talking about.
David Foss: Give me about an hour-and-a-half, I'll try and fill you in. No, seriously. First up, we -- when M&A happens -- I'll answer your question from the beginning and work forward. Does it happen that customers are acquired away and then they come back to Jack Henry? Yes, that happens is -- and in fact, it's more often than you might think where somebody gets acquired the logical thing is for the acquiring institution to convert them to whatever they're running. And then once they get integrated in, the people have been acquired, suddenly start to say, we had a better on the old platform than we have in a new platform let us tell you guys what we used to be able to do with Jack Henry. And it's often times the combination of the technology and the relationships. This is a relationship business partnership is a key.  Part of what we do. And so often times the acquired institution will educate the acquirer on what it was like do business with Jack Henry. So we do when those occasionally. The other thing that when once in a while is what -- is let's say that an acquirer is targeting one of our institutions, we know that that's happening. We can often time sell the acquirer on converting to the Jack Henry platform as opposed to the acquirer using whatever it was they had before the -- before the acquisition was announced or before the deal was announced. And so, those -- we refer to those as winter merger, and those we've been successful at. But the heart of your question -- the beginning of your question was -- that is the power.  The beginning of your question. Sorry, we have a little phone issue going on here. The beginning of your question. Most of the M&A activity is happening at the low end of the range. Real small institutions being acquired by large institutions. And we don't tend to serve the real small institution. That tends to be good for us. That usually, we are the benefactor, one of our institutions acquiring a smaller institution, as opposed to ours being acquired away. But to the very beginning of your question, what that means is, our asset base among our customers is growing because those larger customers in our base are acquiring smaller customers. And so over time, we will continue to grow as far as average asset size.
Kevin Williams: Yes. I mean, Kartik, there's so many moving parts this year that are coming back that weren't there last year. I mean, deconversion fees is obviously going to be higher. As Dave mentioned, convert merge I mean, M&A activity just, just drive so many different moving parts within our financials. I mean, so obviously travel is going to be a lot higher. There's other costs, there are salespeople are getting out in travelling more so, just just the travel expense is going to be higher. May as a possible that our total margins should be higher?  Yes. Obviously, the Q1 margins are proud of the highest of the year because of all the software subscription revenue that we recognized in Q1 for all the software has been delivered in the previous years. So this, this is high watermark for margins for the year. But the other thing I will say if [Indiscernible] was down almost 40% this quarter which -- which that actually helps our margins by hardware revenue being down, which is, I mean, it's samples we're but if hardware revenue would level earning will go back up a little bit for the year, because I'm sure IBM will come out with additional hardware upgrades. Could that impact our margins yes? So I mean, I'm still very comfortable that we can hit the 50 bps and could it be higher than that. Yes. But I'm separated stepping on that Lemia.
Kevin Williams: So we increased deconversion fees, we think is going to be somewhere around $42 to $43 million. And again, that's looking at the crystal ball because there -- we don't know for sure that's what's going to be that's just the indications that we're getting. But we think probably 80% of that will probably be in Q2 and Q3 based on what we know right now. So deconversion fees in Q2 and Q3 could be $15 million or so plus in each of those quarters.
Kevin Williams: And Dave, one more thing, just remember the one of the big drivers in our core growth is the continued movement of existing on - prem customers to our private cloud because we get a nice lift of revenue and move those as Dave said in his opening comments, we signed 10 more in Q1 to make that move, and we are seeing larger FIs that are on - prem, they're electing to make that move as well.
Kevin Williams: So on average, if you look at the an on - prem -customer day, everything that they're paying us, which would be in-house maintenance could be disaster recovery, it could be hardware maintenance. There's several buckets in line items have revenue that they could be paying us. But on average, when an on - prem -customer moves to our private cloud, the revenue that we get out of that customer essentially doubles. And there is very little cost increase because remember, it's the exact same software, it's the exact same support organization. We've got the infrastructure in place of their data centers. There's very high margin from that additional revenue when we moved those customers from on - prem to our private cloud.
Kevin Williams: Well, but you also got to remember that Last Quarter was compared to the previous years [Indiscernible] That was -- what was significantly impacted by COVID --
Kevin Williams: -- it was the depth of payments in April and the first part of May in '20 so it was a very easy comp in -- for Q4 of '21 compared to Q4 '20. So I think the 9% growth we showed this quarter is probably more an example of what you're going to see for the entire fiscal year.
Kevin Williams: Yeah. So I mean, obviously we're going to continue to buy back stock here in there. I will tell you that this quarter, one of the reasons that we were -- we didn't buy any stock back was we were actually trying to get some tax planning in place based on what the new administration was proposing on the table. Because we were going to use were potentially you significant amount of cash to pay upfront taxes for a number of reasons. But now now that the third, they are changing the corporate tax structure actually took a totally back out to where they're not even a change the 21%. It's a wildcard right now, but I mean, as the tax [Indiscernible] we figured out exactly where it's going to be. Obviously we use some of our capital buyback more stock during the year.
