Kevin D. Williams: Thanks, Kristi. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for the Jack Henry & Associates second quarter fiscal 2018 earnings call. I'm Kevin Williams, CFO and Treasurer, and on the call with me today is David Foss, our President and CEO. The agenda for this morning will be fairly normal. In a minute, I'll turn the call over to Dave to provide some of his thoughts about the state of the business and the performance for the quarter. Following that, I'll provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday, give some updated guidance and then I will open the lines up for Q&A. I need to remind you the remarks and responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with the expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties. And the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
Kevin D. Williams: No, not really David. As I said in the opening comments, I mean, obviously, we've increased dividends now for 26 consecutive fiscal years. This is typically the quarter that we increased dividend. So, I would anticipate that we'll do that. We might increase that a little more than typical. But again that's up to the board. We will use some of the additional cash, as I said, for some employee plans that we're strategizing right now. We're actually going to be talking to the board about those this week too. But it does give us some additional cash, so it gives us the opportunity to maybe look at some potential M&A activity out there a little stronger. But, I'll tell you that the other thing and I've talked to our board about this, is in my mind and maybe I'm a little overly conservative, but we have to be a little cautious that we don't put some plans in place that then if administration changes in two to three years and all of a sudden these tax laws change and go away and we lose that benefit, we don't want to set ourselves up into a position that now we have to pull back dividends or change something for employees because now all of a sudden the free cash is gone. So we're going to be a little cautious as we move forward. So that's a long way to answer your short question that I don't think there's many changes in the way we're going to deploy our capital. We're kind of going to continue going. Obviously, if the market continues correcting, gives us an opportunity to probably get in and buy some more of our stock back, which we've done that historically, so that's part of the way we're going to go forward, Dave.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah. That's the reason, Brett. And remember, we've got two platforms. So we've got two mainframe systems out there. And obviously, we have the backup systems for both those. And we're trying to get it where, hopefully, we can get the customers off one of those sooner rather than later. So we can go ahead and start taking some costs out and start getting some margins improvement. So we are continuing to see some headwinds now that the costs in the quarter for those initiatives increase our cost base by about $700,000. So there is true cost in there. And as we move these customers over to the new platform, we're going to have to pay transaction fees on those. So there is going to continue to be some margin pressure, but we still anticipate and, obviously, we're still pretty early in it. But like Dave mentioned that the first four conversions have gone really well and so we think we're still on track to hit the target, to have them all moved over by mid-2020.
Kevin D. Williams: And I'll go ahead and sort of plug in that that the ERMS solution and the faster payments and the card processing and Banno will all be at the Mini Tech Fair as part of our Analyst Day on May 7 in Atlanta, Georgia, which invites, we'll be going out shortly for that.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah. Well, right now, our term fees were $2.8 million ahead of where they were last year. In Q2, we actually thought Q2 was going to be relatively flat.
Kevin D. Williams: I mean, it's one of those things, if I'm throwing a dart at the wall, you have no idea when it's going to hit.
Kevin D. Williams: No. It's down $8 million, which we're still down about $3 million year-to-date; and, like I said in my opening comments, I think Q4 is going to be down from where it was last year, which is why the guidance on revenue growth in Q4 was down a little bit. So, we may not be down $8 million, but I think we're still going to be down probably $5 million to $6 million for the full year.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah, in true outsourcing and cloud services, actually grew right at 10% for the quarter, which is pretty much in line with the guidance we've provided.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah. And like I said, with all the initiatives we have with faster payments and different things, I mean, it's going to create some headwinds on margins. Overall, operating margins were down slightly this quarter. I think they're going to probably be down, again, the next couple of quarters, but I think we're continuing to get leverage in other areas that's helping to offset those headwinds. So there's going to continue to be some slight margin pressure, but they should be relatively flat in FY 2019. Obviously, we'll give updated guidance later, but they should remain relatively flat to slightly down as we get all of these customers migrated over.
Kevin D. Williams: All right. Again, I don't think it's going to pick up. I mean, it's going at about the same pace. I would tell you that our M&A teams are extremely busy, which means that our banks are buying quite a few banks out there just like we're losing some that are getting acquired by other banks. But yeah, I don't see much of a trend. I mean I think it's going to be in the 3% to 4% consolidation rate just like it has been for the last 15 or 20 years.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah you're absolutely right, Kartik. I mean that won't be in there, but the other thing that I would say is that, and Dave and I both mentioned that, we have some other things that we're going to be doing for some of our associates throughout the organization, which could easily offset that $8 million. So we probably will have that same expense, if not more in FY 2019.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah, Tim, the problem is because of a program like this, we offered it to tenured personnel, which they have to be at certain age and they have to have a certain number of years with Jack Henry, and so that covers a pretty wide gamut of salaries that could be anywhere from a $30,000 salary to $150,000 salary. And we have no idea or no way of knowing which ones will actually accept this because it's truly totally voluntary.
Kevin D. Williams: Now, like I said, when we report Q3, I will have that number and I'll be able to say you what's basically the impact is going to be on Q4 and in FY 2019.
Kevin D. Williams: Tim, we do have a number of retention programs that goes on and training programs for our associates, so we can identify which ones are those up-and-comers and make sure that they are aligned appropriately and that we have identified to where we want them to go.
Kevin D. Williams: You mean without the impact of the tax? Yeah, it'd be something like that, Glenn. I don't have that off the top of my head.
Kevin D. Williams: That is a true GAAP number with the impact of the Tax Cuts and Job Act (sic) [Tax Cuts and Jobs Act] in there for Q2 and beyond.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah. Because, again, we're a fiscal year-end company, so the first half of our year is still at the 35% rate and the second half is at a blended rate, which is not down to the 24%, it's more like a 25% or 26% for the second half to get the blended rate down. So to get the full year impact of a 29% or so average, we're going to have to use 27% to 28% in the second half to get to a full year blended rate. It's just the way the IRS tax rules work.
Kevin D. Williams: No. I really don't. And I've said that in the opening comments, Glenn. I mean, we're still going through the conversion of all of our contracts in the system. We should have that completely converted. We've gone through one mock (36:48); we're going through another one. We should have that completely converted sometime in March. So then, we will be able to basically do dual reporting through the end of June, which is when ASC 606 actually comes into play for us. And so, when we report the end of the fiscal year, we will actually do retro reporting for the previous two years, and then going forward into FY 2019.
Kevin D. Williams: It will be wherever the person resides at, Dave. So the lion's share of it will be in cost of sales, but there'll be some in R&D and some in SG&A.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah. The margins currently are quite a bit lower than our corporate average, primarily because of the high depreciation and amortization, that's included in those because of purchase price accounting. Obviously, we've only owned them for 45 days now. So, it's a little tough to say we've gotten any of the synergies put in place yet, which those should be in there by the end of fiscal year. So basically by FY 2019, their margin should be up pretty much in line with our corporate average operating margins.
David B. Foss: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report another quarter with record revenue and earnings. As I've discussed many times, we can't achieve these results without the dedication and hard work of our associates, so I want to begin today by thanking them for continuing to provide outstanding solutions and service to our clients. As you've already seen, there is a bit of noise in our numbers this quarter as a result of the tax law changes and the Ensenta acquisition. I'll focus my comments on the performance of our team with regard to ongoing operations and let Kevin break down the impacts of these unusual events in his remarks. Total revenue increased 8% for the quarter and increased 7% excluding the impact of deconversion fees from both quarters. Organic revenue growth was also 7% for the quarter. We had a very solid quarter on the core side of our business. Revenue increased by 12% for the quarter and increased by 11% if you exclude the impact of deconversion fees from both quarters. Our payments businesses also continue to perform well posting a 6% increase in revenue this quarter and a 6% increase excluding the impact of deconversion fees. Our complementary solutions business also posted a 6% increase in revenue for the quarter and a 5% increase excluding the impact of deconversion fees. Our combined sales team had a very solid second quarter, finishing slightly ahead of quota. The core teams closed 16 new core deals, all of which were competitive takeaways, with nine on the banking side and seven on the credit union side. We also continued to see solid success with several of our key strategic solutions like Treasury Management, our new card offering and our Enterprise Risk Mitigation Solution. As we've discussed in the past, we're continuing to move customers to our new card processing solution. We converted two banks in December and two more a couple of weeks ago. All conversions have been extremely successful. And all four banks are already taking reference calls. We will implement several other beta clients in the coming months and plan to start large scale card conversions in calendar Q2. In late December, we announced the acquisition of Ensenta in Silicon Valley. We've combined this business with our Enterprise Payment Solutions group. As we highlighted in the press release, this solution set is highly complementary to our existing remote deposit capture business. Ensenta also brings added functionality to address ATM capture, shared branching services and the government payments business. With regard to the recently enacted Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we don't intend to announce $1,000 one-time bonuses as has become the rage. Instead, we'll be taking several steps in the coming months to share a portion of our tax savings with our associates do more meaningful and impactful programs. The first is a voluntary program for employees with significant tenure to pursue retirement or other opportunities. Kevin will highlight the financial impact of this program in his remarks and will include other planned impacts in his guidance in the future. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin for some detail on the numbers.
David B. Foss: No, David, I don't know if there's anything in particular, it's pretty consistent with what we've been seeing for quite some time across the board, wins as far as the other core products that are out there, so nothing major or significant to call out.
David B. Foss: Yeah, it's a good question. We have talked about it in the last two earnings calls, I think, that the bank spending seemed to pick up a little bit last year. I think it's holding pretty consistent. I will tell you that our sales teams ended Q2 with the largest pipeline they've ever had, those – that doesn't mean they turn into deals. But it's the largest pipeline in the history of the company. But when you talk to bankers, there's not some great big flood of intention to go spend at a much higher rate. I think most of our clients are still waiting to see the actual impact of tax reform on their business. They're still trying to decide what to do with the savings that they have. I assume that at some point, we'll see some of that trickle into technology spending, but no major changes that I'm prepared to highlight right now.
David B. Foss: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so that would make sense. So, yeah, that's certainly stimulating demand for mobile. Our newer mobile solution is the Banno solution. We've continued to see good demand. We signed 28 new customers in the quarter for Banno Mobile. So I think your thesis there is probably on target that certainly some of that is being driven by continued branch closure and more focus on putting mobile technology in the hands of the consumer, so they don't have to have as many branches.
David B. Foss: Yeah. We feel really good about it. We have five customers that are installed live now, Brett. We signed seven more in the quarter. Customer feedback, customer reaction has been very positive. And I think it's because most bankers knew about SAS, but SAS they were only targeted at the largest banks in the world. They had really no model to go below a $50 billion bank as far as their delivery model. And so, most bankers knew about SAS, but always assume that that would never be an option for them. So, they're very excited about the fact that they get access to this technology, industry-leading technology, hosted by Jack Henry. So they don't have to go through the full install onsite at their financial institution and they get the analytics, all the tools that are available through the SAS offering. So there's a good buzz out there right now. As I said, we signed seven more in the quarter. So, I'm optimistic about that solution for the future.
David B. Foss: So, as far as the number of customers that we signed in the quarter, I think we signed nine banking clients and seven new core clients. The majority of them were outsourced. I think all of the banking clients were, and I think four of the credit union clients, so all of those will add to revenue in the future. And then, in the out signings – and out meaning customers moving from in-house to outsourcing – we signed four on the banking side and five on the credit union side. That doesn't impact the financials in the quarter, but it sets us up for the future. And I'm just talking while Kevin's looking up the number as far as the actual change in the quarter, if you want to...
David B. Foss: We didn't sign any this quarter as far as new customers. We did – one of the in-to-outs that we signed was a $3 billion credit union, but there aren't that many over $1 billion credit unions, so it's common for a quarter to go by without signing a new one. We had the year, a couple of years ago, where we signed six in one year, which was pretty remarkable, but it's rare to sign a $1 billion credit union; but, we have some in our pipeline.
David B. Foss: Yeah. It's across the board, and that's the thing that's really kind of heartening for me is our core business continues strong, signing 16 in a quarter is a, as far as I'm concerned, remarkable number, 16 takeaways in a quarter, but we didn't totally deplete the pipeline on the core side. So core is strong. On the complementary side, we have lots of interest in the new payment solution that we highlighted earlier, the First Data and PSCU partnerships, so a number of deals in the pipeline there. And then, across the board, not only our newer solutions, like Banno and Treasury Management and Enterprise Risk Management, but across the suite, it's really kind of a robust pipeline across the board. So I wouldn't say there is anything that's particularly standing out other than the fact that the core business continues to look strong. After signing 16 in the quarter, I was a little worried that there'd be a big drop off, but there's still a lot in the pipeline as far as new core deals that are working.
David B. Foss: I think we highlighted two calls ago, Kartik, that we had added a conversion team just to handle M&A, another M&A team. And they've been in place, they are running in full steam. We don't anticipate any more right now. But the fact that we had to add one a couple of quarters ago, indicates that there's a lot of – and when we add a team, it's because our banks are acquiring other banks and so we end up doing the conversion work and so that pace is continuing pretty steady.
David B. Foss: Yeah, that's a good question, Tim. This is Dave. So we do, I think you're aware, we do employee engagement surveys every year, employee satisfaction surveys every year, we follow through with programs based on those on an annual basis. One thing we've talked about with some of you guys and some investors on occasion is the fact that our turnover rate is very low, it's about half the industry standard rate. Well, there's really good news and potentially bad news on that. The really good news is, you're not having this constant churn in the talent. The potential bad news is as you have really talented people who want to move up, sometimes they're blocked because, again, we have very low turnover. So, it's something that comes up, there's not some mass concern among the associates at our company about this topic, but it does come up. And so, this was an opportunity for us to create some movement and give some people that really have proven themselves, give some people the chance to move up in the organization and take on more responsibility. And at the same time, as Kevin has already highlighted, we believe it will have an impact as far as reducing overall compensation.
David B. Foss: Yeah. That's the idea, you've nailed it. The Ensenta team was very complementary to what we do with our Enterprise Payment Solutions business. So, if you look at our traditional business EPS, we are very strong on the banking side of the house, not so much on the credit union side. We're very strong with commercial businesses, not so much with consumers. Now you look at Ensenta, they're very strong with consumers, very strong on the credit union side, very much about mobile capture as opposed to our traditional business, which was scanner capture. So you put the two together, they're very complementary to each other. The sales force that we already have at Jack Henry knows how to sell these things because we've been doing it for years. So we put that in the hands of our sales force and, by doing this, we become the largest provider in this space because we were the largest on the banking side and, essentially, we're the largest on the credit union side, now combined together we'll be the largest provider of that type of technology. And on top of it, it brought us some things that we didn't have. So the ability to support shared branching in the credit union space, for example, of a more robust ATM capture solution and some government payments options. And so it's a really nice complementary addition to what we already had in place with EPS.
David B. Foss: I touched on a little bit ago; so, in-to-outs, we had four on the banking side and five on the credit union side.
David B. Foss: Yeah. So, we signed 17 new Banking debit customers in the quarter and four new Symitar debit customers in the quarter, and then three credit customers in the quarter. And, of course, those are all new because we didn't have credit in the past; so, good demand. As I mentioned earlier, the pipeline has a number of deals in it that are – some are renewals or customers renewing the business they already have, but a lot of new interest in this solution. We've had some good press from some of the consultants. And I've commented on it before, it's rare for the consultants to give you good press and – the industry consultants, and they've really been impressed with this solution. So still early days in this and we still have a lot of work to do to get customers converted over, but I think as we continue to show success in converting existing customers to the platform, that will only drive more demand not only from our existing customers, but from new prospects. So, I'm feeling very good right now about the solution and where we're at in the sales process.
David B. Foss: Yeah, we did not have a relationship with Ensenta prior to the acquisition. They were a competitor of ours. So, we competed with them heads up. And as I highlighted earlier, they were much stronger than we were on the consumer side of the business, we were much stronger on the business, meaning serving business clients than they were, which is why we were so happy with the complementary nature of this acquisition. So, we were not licensing technology from them, they were a competitor. And as far as...
David B. Foss: So, the strategy is not for Banno to replace NetTeller unless the customer chooses to do that. NetTeller is a fully functioning very popular Internet banking solution. We have a mobile banking solution tied directly to it called goDough. A lot of customers use it. They're happy with it. There is no intent to displace those customers. Banno is designed to be kind of that premium solution sold, certainly, to some customers who're currently running NetTeller, but more focused on net new customers. So, we signed 28 new customers in the quarter and have signed 47 so far this fiscal year.
David B. Foss: So, we rolled out our (42:34) solution, I don't know, about a year ago probably. And so, we already have – those sales have been happening for about a year and have been baked into our numbers for a year. So, I expect that'll just continue at the current trend. There won't be some big spike as a result of (42:51). We've been in that business now for about a year.
