Mimi Carsley: Thanks, Vasu, and thanks for participating today. To address your question, the real estate was not contemplated at the time we reconfirmed guidance at the close of the acquisition. Relative to -- I believe your second question was around guidance, as I stated, the only changes that impacted our guidance was the acquisition and the gain on sale. And then your third question regarding margin outlook, it's still early in the year. We're optimistic, but we are facing inflationary headwinds as a business, but we feel optimistic that we will deliver as to our guidance target.
Mimi Carsley: Thanks, Rayna, for your question. So as we reported payments grew 8% this quarter, you roughly think about that as about 60% from cards, about 22% from the EPS business, both of which are growing quite strong and then about 18% from bills pay. So -- and I would say that, that estimate of high single digits is still intact.
Mimi Carsley: Dave, this is Mimi. I'll take that. So I would say that we're still very early in '23. So FY '24 is a long way away in a very uncertain global contracts. But we remain quite vigilant in our focus on expanding margin growth in FY '24. And some of the headwinds that we've seen in FY '23, some of them were onetime in nature, like the Java payment in terms of the year-on-year impact. And others, we're starting to see some loosening of inflationary pressure as it relates to personnel costs. So...
Mimi Carsley: I think I'll do the first part. As I said, I would expect it to be fundamentally consistent. What I look for, as I said, is strategic fit, cultural fit the opportunities for both organic growth through investments as well as potential acquisitions and then returning capital to shareholders. So we'll explore all of those. I've been quite impressed, Jack Henry has been a very disciplined serial acquirer in the history with a very robust diligence and evaluation process. And so I would expect looking at all -- exploring all of those options to continue.
Mimi Carsley: Yes. So as I mentioned, the impact will be positively obviously, on the revenue contribution. And then from an EPS perspective, the ongoing operations, the amortization as well as the interest expense.
Mimi Carsley: Thanks for the question, Peter. As I said in my prepared remarks, it's $0.22 for the full year impact. And just to reiterate again, the only changes in our guidance are the impact from the sale as well as Payrailz. The core business remains -- guidance remains unchanged.
Mimi Carsley: Dom, thanks for the question. We're not concerned. We feel good, as Dave alluded to, the health of our clients, the underlying credit quality of their loan portfolios, positive net interest margin. So the sales pipeline is very robust. So we're not concerned here.  To your question on levers, I would look to the strong free cash flow generation and the reoccurring -- high reoccurring revenue percent for the business. And then I also would highlight, some of our exposure is different from our competitors in terms of high debit card, it's transactional, not interchange. So I would look to some of those in terms of the resiliency of our underlying business model.
Mimi Carsley: Yes. I mean it's a good question. I would say we are very focused from our robust diligence models, we feel confident in the ability to get accretive and it will grow. We're doing a lot with the platform.
Mimi Carsley: Thanks, Chuck. So within our normal construct of our sales cycle and our renewal, we had CPI increases that happened throughout the year. So that's part of our organic plan. Nothing that I would call out specifically.
David Foss: Yes. Thank you, Vasu. I would have been -- I would have felt left out if you hadn't asked me a question. So thank you for that. As far as the cadence of deal, there is no change. The pipeline that we have right now of potential deals is by far larger than it's ever been. The cadence of deal signings is consistent with what we saw last year, as I tried to highlight in the call today.  And I'll point out to you with respect to larger deals, and you might not be surprised to learn this, but I personally am involved often times in larger deals. I don't certainly don't get involved in every deal, but I'm involved in larger deals. Just in the next two weeks, we have -- let me think about this. So we have our shareholder meeting next week. So the week after that, we have three different institutions coming in here to Dallas over the course of two days. So I'm hosting three different CEOs, three different financial institutions here in Dallas over the course of two days. And then the week after that, we have another one coming in that I'm hosting in Dallas. And again, I only get involved in larger deals. So I'll just tell you, from my perspective, and I've heard all the same things you've heard about the cadence of deals or the pace of deals slowing down. Jack Henry is not experiencing that. Our pipeline is robust and there is a lot of activity as far as deals that we're working on, both on the core side and with regard to the other products in our suite. And I just highlighted for you, we just signed 60 new Banno deals in the quarter, and that pace isn't slowing down either. So I'm -- we'll see as the election -- and by the way, I haven't seen a single thing about the election. I got up and came right here this morning. So I have no idea what happens as far as the election is concerned, but we'll see what the election results, what impact that has on people's sentiment around the economy. We'll see what makes out here over the next few weeks as far as the general economy. But what we're seeing right now, there's no slowdown in activity.
David Foss: Sure. So first off, there were six new core wins that I highlighted in my update. And again, that was exactly the same number that we had last year for the first quarter. So that's on pace for what we normally see after a huge fourth quarter as far as the core side is concerned. And so still lots of activity with regard to our traditional offerings. On the -- on the tech modernization strategy. So as you can probably imagine, lots of customers engaged with us on those discussions trying to understand what the future looks like. But as I've stressed regularly on these calls, this was all about a strategy, and so we have a couple of modules in production today, wires being the first. We have customers using those modules. But this is a several year strategy before you're going to see anybody signing for the whole the whole stack of components that are on this tech modernization strategy. And I firmly believe, and I've said this on the call before, because we have such a unique strategy because it's such a forward-looking cloud -- truly cloud-native strategy as compared to what some of our competitors have done, we are getting a lot of attention, a lot of people talking to us about potentially signing with our current offerings with the anticipation that they will be able to move to the public cloud offering in the future. So we're on pace. We have -- I will point out, we have published for our existing customers, we've published now the roadmap for them to see. We haven't published anything externally yet because as I've -- as I witnessed now, we have some competitors out there that are trying to figure out how to do what Jack Henry is doing. So we're probably going to slow roll a little bit the public publication; but for our customers, to consume. We have published roadmaps now. Our customers are aware of kind of what the cadence is and where we're going as far as delivery of the tech modernization strategy. The other thing I would emphasize is tech modernization is not just focused on core. And so a big part of the Payrailz acquisition was to build out that strategy for the payments -- for part of the payments offerings that we have public cloud native. We're also the Financial Crimes Defender solution that I just alluded to. Financial Crimes Defender is a public cloud native solution built on that platform that we've been talking about. And so this is truly a modernization for everything we do at Jack Henry, not just the core solution to Jack Henry.
David Foss: I think the thing that I would add to that, Dave, the things we've highlighted in the past and maybe just alluded to Java, for example, going from zero to actually -- and this is impacting all companies, not just Jack Henry, but going from zero to having to pay for that technology, the travel -- the uptick that we've seen in travel. So that will normalize now. So when you think about FY '24, the travel uptick will have been baked into the FY '23 comps. And so -- so that should provide the opportunity for margin expansion as we look into '24. And then on the wage side, we, like everybody, have seen wage inflation, but that is really starting to normalize as well. And so I think that has baked into -- will be baked into the '23 numbers when you get to comparing us during '24. So I think a lot of those things that we've highlighted and that most companies have highlighted, that stuff is really starting to normalize for Jack Henry. And I think it provides opportunity for us to get back the margin expansion again next year.
David Foss: I'll just add in, Dave. I know that all of you who have listened to me talk know that for early months of this calendar year, I was very optimistic that as the year progressed, there were going to be some really nice opportunities as far as acquisition is concerned. I'll just say the pipeline of potential good companies to acquire is not nearly as robust as what I thought it was going to be. We were very bullish on Payrailz and what that does for us and for our customers, the opportunity that presents long term for us and for our customers. But there aren't a lot of Payrailz companies sitting out there. So we're looking -- we're always looking at potential deals. We're always looking at opportunities. But it isn't the market that I was hoping it was going to be as far as the opportunity for additional acquisition.
David Foss: Yes. Nik, it's Dave. I wish that I could give you some really good expectations as far as building a model. The thing to know is many of our customers who have purchased Banno and have implemented Banno already on the retail side, and of course, it's only been serving retail customers so far. Many of them have either signed for or indicated that when Banno Business rolls out, they want to implement annual business for their business customers. So we already have a pretty rich, we'll say, backlog, pipeline of customers who want to put that into production. The tougher thing for me to project for you is how many business customers will adopt that and at what pace. So I wouldn't want to go too far in trying to predict what the revenue uplift will be, but we know that it will be there. We know that over time, it will be significant because we're aware of many customers who have a large number of business clients that they want to put into production. But I think it's too early for us at this point to try and project for you what that might look like. I will point out that we haven't baked anything significant into the financials at this point for the remainder of the fiscal year because we want to see -- you know us well, we're a disciplined, conservative organization. We want to see how this rollout goes and make sure that adoption is what we think it's going to be, but we haven't gone out on a limb as far as projecting revenue or adoption with that solution. We're not going to do that until we get into general availability and ensure that the adoption is what we think it's going to be.
David Foss: Sure. Yes. And we are. Nothing has really changed in that regard, which is why -- the interesting thing about deconversion revenue, of course, is it happens when one of our customers get acquired, and I know that many of you know that, but just to make sure everybody on the call understands the conversion revenue happens when one of our customers gets acquired, and they essentially buy their way out of their existing contract. We know that has slowed as compared to the prior year. We're comfortable with the guide that we've provided. But as I say all the time, that's the revenue you don't want, right? It's the revenue that comes when a customer is leaving because they've been acquired. On the other side, on the flip side, our customers acquiring other customers, we have great visibility into that, and we know that's happening. We're involved in some of those deals, but that has also slowed. And so I think the overall M&A environment because of what's happened to the valuation on bank stocks and what's happened just in the general economy and people wondering what's going to happen, the whole market for bank M&A has slowed, and we're continuing to see what I highlighted last quarter.
David Foss: Yes, it's a good question. And I was a little frustrated. Normally Bank Director does project forward into '23. The other survey I always quote on these calls is the Cornerstone Advisors survey, which will come out, I think, the end of -- or mid-December, if I remember correctly. So normally, I highlight that on the February call. So everything that I know right now is anecdotal. It's me talking to bankers. I will highlight again, I said it in my opening comments, but I'll highlight again, we had more than 200 bank CEOs, and I'm just talking about CEOs in the CEO forum that's hosted by me in San Diego with us about a month ago. And they're generally a pretty optimistic group. I mean they are -- we've seen, of course, interest rate rise on the lending side, on the loan side have not had to raise rates as quickly on the deposit side, although that's coming and they know it. But for the first time in years, they have a spread, an interest margin spread to work with. And they are generally pretty upbeat, generally feel like they're pretty well capitalized. I don't have a whole lot of risky credits on the balance sheet. And so generally feeling like things are going to be okay. And of course, for them, then spending on technology, all of them are continuing to focus on what technology do we need to compete in the future. And that's where not only the tech modernization story that we have at Jack Henry, but the digital banking offerings that we have, both for consumers -- and now for commercial customers, for lending as well as deposits. Remember, we do a complete online commercial loan origination digitally through Jack Henry. So all of those things are topics today for our customers. And again, they're generally upbeat. Now as I stated earlier, I haven't seen anything about the election results. So that all may change day after tomorrow, I don't know. But as of a month ago, pretty optimistic about their opportunities and their interest in spending money on technology.
David Foss: If I could, let me add to that. My last -- one of my comments in my opening was a highlight that 15 years ago, 14 years ago, whenever the financial crisis, that was driven by financial institutions, 100% driven by financial institutions. What we're going through today is not driven by financial institutions. Think back to the 14 years ago, Jack Henry, yes, we had some bumps, but the model that we built in is the model that we have today. We did not go out like our major competitors did, we did not pursue merchant acquiring. We have stayed true to our business model, and that business model has proven to be very resilient as the economy kind of goes up and down. It's not that we're not bulletproof, but we have a pretty burn good model here with predictability with more than 90% recurring revenue and that revenue coming from mostly necessary systems at our customer sites, they're not discretionary spend. And so that provides a pretty good layer of protection against changes in the economy.
David Foss: Yes. So as you know, for our core deals, whenever we sell a core deal, our catch rate is pretty high. We sell a number of solutions along with the core system. As we move to public cloud, I think because we're going to have a number of these complementary solutions also public cloud native, like Financial Crimes Defender that I just highlighted, like Payrailz, and we have other solutions that are already on the public cloud. Because we are -- been pretty forward thinking about ensuring that our complementary solutions fit that same profile of being public cloud native, taking advantage of all the -- all the positives of a public cloud offering. I think that attach rate will remain relatively consistent, maybe greater. I think it's too early for me to predict anything like that. But I think what we've built and the way we've gone about this is to try and ensure that the attach rate remains at least the same as what we've seen in the past. If we had not modernized the complementary solutions, if we had not made the moves to bring them along with the core, I think you would see our attach rate drop significantly because people would say, “Well, you got this public cloud core, but nothing else you're doing is public cloud. Why would I use something that's hosted in a private cloud or that have to run in-house in my back office.” But that's not what we've done. We've been very thoughtful and diligent about making sure that our complementary solutions are coming along with the strategy, either they've been rewritten or written new or acquired like Payrailz so that we have a complete stack offering for our customers when they get to the public cloud point in their evolution.
David Foss: I think we'll do tax rate. I don't know that we're prepared to share what the growth rate is going to be on Payrailz at this point. We don't call out individual products when it comes the growth rate of a product. But as far as tax rate is concerned, Mimi...
David Foss: Yes. A good portion of that is known today. So we know of customers who have already been acquired. We know what the deconversion revenue is going to be. It's certainly not 100% is known, but a good chunk of that is known to us today. .
David Foss: Yes. So you're correct in that our pricing is tied to registered users. So it's essentially activity because people that have signed up and are using the platform on a regular basis. So I think the concept of registered users and usage are conflated because a registered user who is never using the system, and I forget what the metric is -- six months. If somebody isn't using it for six months, the financial institution doesn't get charged. So registered users and usage are conflated a little bit because there is this active component in the way that customers pay for our solutions. But we're not -- we don't win deals today because of the way we price this. We're winning deals because of the technology and the strategy and the forward-looking nature of what Banno is doing as compared to anybody else in the market. That's what's really driving success for us. So I wouldn't say that our pricing is -- I don't think our solution is cheaper than other people or anything like that. It's the technology and the offering that is helping us to win and continuing to grab great reviews from all corners of our market.
David Foss: Yes. I've read those reports, JD. I have read the transcripts. We are not seeing that. That is not what Jack Henry's experiencing. I mean you have ups and downs all the time when it comes to individual decisions on individual deals where something may creep into an individual deal. But as far as the overall sales activity, the level of activity, the speed of deals, nothing has changed.
David Foss: So I think -- and let me add this. So I think not only from a revenue growth standpoint, but there are also -- there are some very substantial cost takeouts that can be part of our overlapping contracts related to vendors and the scale that Jack Henry brings to driving opportunities with those. We've already negotiated several of those to be able to lower cost components for them. There's a lot of opportunity within resource allocation and what we're doing across those businesses as well. So all of those were modeled out to be able to get to the point where we feel that we'll be able to be accretive next year. It's a combination of revenue growth and cost takeout that leads to that accretion. It's not strictly based on revenue growth. We are not highlighting or creating a line item or highlighting a line item of what are the cost synergies. But just know, there are fairly significant synergies in this.
David Foss: Yes. So Fraud Defender, our Financial Crimes Defender is, a, it's built on this public cloud native platform that we've been talking about. It is using the latest technology when it comes to fraud detection and it is built with these integration opportunities so that you can run a lot more different types of transactions through the same fraud engine and see different transactions for the same customer coming through a whole bunch of different presentation going to presentation layers. And so it truly is a differentiated solution, not only the technology that it's built on, but the offering, the breadth of the offering is different from what we already have, and we feel strongly different from what anybody else has in the market. And so this will -- time will tell if we have what we think we have, but we have we think, a truly differentiated offering with this new solution.
