Kevin Williams: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for the Jack Henry & Associates fourth quarter fiscal year-end 2016 earnings call. I'm Kevin Williams, CFO. On the call with me today is Jack Prim, our Executive Chairman of the Board; and David Foss, our CEO. The agenda for the call this morning, I will turn the call over shortly to Jack, so he can make some opening comments. Then Dave will provide some of his thoughts about the business and performance of the quarter; and then I will provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday after the market close, provide some initial guidance for FY 2017, and then we will open the lines for Q&A. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends, or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these Risk Factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and forward-looking statements. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jack.
Kevin Williams: Well it was just timing and then there was some impacts from just the accrual of income taxes and the timing of payment of taxes and different things like that Kartik, there's really nothing unusual on the working capital.
Kevin Williams: Well, I mean, recurring revenues is still about 80%, Kartik, and most of that is tied to either long-term contracts or in-house maintenance contracts, which all those have already been renewed by this time. So that's there in deferred revenue which current revenue was up a little bit. So for that part, we feel extremely good. We've got the backlog of things to be delivered. We've got a very strong backlog, banks and credit units that's assigned to move from in to out. We have a very solid year of contracting those institutions move in and out. So at this time, I feel very confident about the guidance that we just gave on revenue.
Kevin Williams: Yes. I don't know that there's much difference, Brett. I mean, obviously, the bundled revenue is up a little bit this year, but it appears based on the timing of delivery and different things that the bundled revenue should be similar in FY 2017, where it was in FY 2016 at least that's what it looks like right now. So there shouldn't be, I think, we've made may have got a little tailwind this year, but I think, it's going to be relatively flat next year. And then we go into the new rev rules the following year which all bets are off at that point.
Kevin Williams: No, that's not what I said, Brett. I said that cap software was down for the quarter, which obviously increased R&D expense for the quarter.
Kevin Williams: Not a huge amount. As we're predicting there's probably million shares or so in there that we will buy in the first half of the year, so Pete.
Kevin Williams: Well, part of that, Dave, is what I said, the 23% increase in R&D expense, because we didn't capitalize as much software this quarter. And then I would say you that the G&A expense is up because of all the change in everything. We have hired a bunch of accounting people, internal auditors is staffed up during the year, so just several areas primarily in personnel expense that has impacted the margins.
Kevin Williams: Alogent was actually a license and implementation and maintenance. It was basically a toolkit that was sold and then you sold much professional services to build it the way the banks want, which is the way that Tier 1 and international banks do business and that's not the way our typical community bank does business.
Kevin Williams: Yes. It should be back to this year, Dave. I mean like I said in the opening comments. I mean, our annual maintenance billing collections were behind last year about $10 million. So I mean, if you just throw that in there, that's the difference. And then if you figure CapEx or cap software levels off are down slightly in FY 2017 that was a $19 million increase this year over last year. You put those two numbers in there and you're back way above earnings.
Kevin Williams: Yes. I think we have well, 8% including deconversion fees. So that's 5% excluding deconversion fees. And I think that's a good run rate for us right now. We have three payments businesses, our Debit Switch, our Bill Pay business and our ACH Remote Deposit business, all of them growing in that 5% to 7% range, let's say, for the coming year. Yes, again, we have this headwind that we're trying to grow over that I mentioned in my opening remarks regarding the two significant customers that we lost last year.
Kevin Williams: No. I think, the R&D run rate is -- was a little higher than in Q4 than what you can typically expect the run rate. It's going to level back down a little bit going into FY 2017, Rayna.
Kevin Williams: Thank you. Again, I want to thank you for joining us today to review our fourth quarter and fiscal year-end 2016 results. We are pleased with the results from our ongoing operations and the efforts of all of our associates to take care of our customers. Our executives, managers, and all of our associates continue to focus on what is best for our customers and our shareholders. I want to thank you again for joining us today and Andrew, will you now please provide the replay number.
David Foss: Thank you, Jack. Good morning everyone. We're pleased to report another strong operating quarter with record revenue and operating income and I would like to begin today by thanking our associates for all the hard work that went into producing those results for the quarter and for the fiscal year. The fourth quarter provided a nice ending to a good overall performance for the year. Revenue increased 10% for the quarter and increased 7% excluding the impact of deconversion fees from both quarters. Organic revenue growth was also 10% for the quarter because of the impact of our acquisition of Bayside on July 1 last year was not material to our numbers. As discussed on the last call, our payments business is continuing to grow over some significant customer losses in late FY 2015 and early FY 2016, but despite that pressure, we posted an 8% increase in payments revenue and a 5% increase excluding deconversion fees. Our outsourcing and cloud revenue growth for the quarter was 21% and if you exclude the impact of deconversion fees from both quarters, we saw a very solid 14% increase. Although we continue to have a number of large development projects ongoing, we have released several new products in the past few months. So you will know that the capitalized software declined during this quarter over our previous run rate on a sequential basis. Although, I don't expect a continued decline in this area, I do believe that the rate will normalize going forward. As previously announced, we completed the sale of our Alogent Deposit Automation software business to Battery Ventures at the end of May. Obviously this transaction creates some noise in our numbers, so Kevin will provide more detail on the impacts of this transaction in his comments. As a reminder, Alogent was a division of Goldleaf, when we completed that acquisition a few years ago. The Alogent Solution has a strong offering in the Tier 1 financial institution space but this segment of the market which is essentially comprised of the top150 banks is not a focus area for us and we felt the business could be a better fit for another owner. Once again, all three of our brands, finished the fiscal year ahead of their sales plans which positions us well for FY 2017. We just completed our annual sales pick up, with all of our sales reps and they are already off to a good start. Overall our business fundamentals remain strong and our associates are optimistic about the coming year. As Jack mentioned earlier, our CEO transition is complete as of July 1. On behalf of our approximately 6,000 associates, our customers, and our shareholders, I would like to thank Jack for his many years of service to our company and congratulate him on his outstanding 10 years as CEO. I look forward to continuing my working relationship with him on his new role as our Executive Chairman. With that I'll turn it over to Kevin for some detail on the numbers.
David Foss: Kartik, it's Dave, I'll answer that one. So we had a very solid year on the credit union side. We ended up signing 21 competitive takeaways for the year. The good news for us is when you look at the $500 million and above credit union space and larger credit union, half of the credit union who decided to make a change from their core provider to another core provider, half of them decided to go with our Episys Solution. So we are well-positioned in the credit union space, having really solid success, continuing to have solid success in the credit union space and feel like our Episys Solution, in particular, is positioned really well to compete with anyone in the market.
David Foss: Sure, yes, Brett, it's Dave again. So I mentioned in my opening comments that we rolled out a few of those solutions. So Biller Direct, for example, is one that I've highlighted in the past. We rolled out the first version of Biller Direct in June on schedule. We have another enhanced version coming out later in the year. Our experienced development project, which has been redoing the user experience of the front-end for our core solutions and most all of our integrated complementary solutions that's about done, we rolled that out recently. Our cash management solution, and that's separate from our treasury management initiative, but our cash management solution we rolled out in the quarter. So several of those have been rolled out to customers now. Ongoing, we have the Episys database project that we talked about before our treasury management project that is ongoing that will come out in calendar 2017. And then of course, Banno, which is our mobile platform, our digital platform continues to be a ongoing development project for us.
David Foss: Those are all -- Pete, this is Dave. Those are all definitely topics of conversation, but I don't see any of those things impacting the number of requests for proposal, for example, the number of deals that we have in place right now or the pace of decision that's going on right now. We closed 19 competitive core deals in the fiscal year. That's around the rate that we've had for quite some time, sometimes little over 20, sometimes little under 20, but that's a consistent rate for us. And then the mid-tier space in particular, we feel that we're very well positioned now. You may or may not have seen we did press release recently about the reintroduction may be of SilverLake as a real-time platform with the new user interface that we referenced earlier, the experienced interface. We got a little bit of good press from Talend where they named SilverLake as the new market leader for mid-sized banks. So I think we're feeling very strong about where we're positioned today. But as far as decision, the request for proposals or RFP requests or the decision pace, it hasn't really changed at all in quite some time.
