Kevin Williams: Thanks, Stephanie. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for the Jack Henry & Associates Third Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Call. I'm Kevin Williams, CFO. With me today are Jack Prim, CEO; and Tony Wormington, President. The agenda for the call this morning is as follows: Jack will start with some highlights of the quarter. Tony will then provide some operational highlights and then I will provide some additional feedback and comments on the press release we put out yesterday and provide some additional comments on the financials. And finally, we'll try to answer any questions you might have.  Forward-looking statement. I need to remind you the remarks or responses to questions today concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties. And the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I will now turn the call over to Jack. 
Kevin Williams: Bigger picture, Kartik. I mean, what I'm saying is, I don't see our guidance for FY '13 being much different that what FY '12 is with revenue growth in the mid-single potentially a little higher revenue, top line, and then leveraging that to net income and EPS. If not at double digits, real close to it. 
Kevin Williams: Recurring revenue was 79% for the quarter. Expected tax rate right now, John, is probably going to be about in line where it was this quarter. 
Kevin Williams: Well, Brett, I mean we still ship and bill and recognize revenues, the way we always have historically, because I mean the accounting rules have not changed around that. It's just that the timing of some of these large implementations, that it take so long it has triggered different accounting rules for us as we continue to move upstream and get into the much larger institutions. So the base software for the majority of our complementary products is still the exact same size as we always had, it's just when you start getting 3 or 4 pretty sizable deals, that just kind of go in the backlog and doesn't move, I mean, all that really does is help add up visibility going forward. 
Kevin Williams: Pete, I mean, a few weeks ago, I actually was in Washington D.C., on a ramp day with FIC and there were several hundred examiners there listening to us, and most of our competitors were also represented on the panel and the entire day was just spent talking about risk. 
Kevin Williams: Thank you. First of all, I'd like to remind everyone that our Annual Analyst Day will be held next Monday evening in Tuesday, May 7 and 8. The event is being held again this year at Dallas at the Grand Hyatt DFW, which makes it extremely easy for you all to get in and out of the meeting and out afterwards. We'll once again kick it off with a mini tech player and dinner on Monday evening, which we're highlighting I believe 6 of our newer products and then on Tuesday, you will head up to and hear from all of our officers, brand Presidents, international sales managers as in years past. The event should conclude by 12:30 p.m. on Tuesday, so you can schedule accordingly, and I know there's some analyst days and things going on in New York City next day, so that should be very convenient for catching flights out of DFW to get to New York City. A registration link was provided, but if you still want to attend and have not yet registered, just shoot me an email and I will get you the registration link so you can get registered for the conference. In summary of the call, we want to thank you for joining us today to review our third fiscal quarter 2012 results. We're pleased with results and efforts of all of our Associates to help control costs and at the same time continue to take care of our customers. Our executives, managers and all of our Associates continue to focus on what is best for our customers and you, our shareholders. Again, thank you for joining us this morning. We hope to see you next week in Dallas. With that, Stephanie, will you please provide the replay number. 
John Prim: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to the call. We are pleased to again announce record revenue, net income and business backlogs for our third fiscal quarter. As the economy continues to show signs of stability, our customer base continues to invest in products and services to move their businesses forward. As has been the case for several quarters, the spending is not confined to any single area.  Core system sales remain strong, a variety of complementary products have contributed and in-house to outsourcing transitions continue at or ahead of last year's pace. In the Core systems area, we have commented previously on the mid-tier sale successes in the banking space in the last year. The Credit Union space also delivered nicely in that segment last quarter with 3 new core wins, each over $1 billion in assets, including American Airlines Federal Credit Union, the 10th largest Credit Union in the United States with almost $6 billion in assets. Total revenue increased 7% in the quarter and it was entirely organic, support and services revenue grew 8% in the quarter, with very solid growth in our payments businesses and also in implementation services. License revenue increased 15% with a good mix of core and complementary product sales. The largely recurring nature of support and services revenue, and increasingly percentage of completion-based recognition of large software contracts, pushed the backlog to record highs in both the in-house and outsourced components. Scale leverage and solid attention to expense management by our managers led to a 12% increase in operating income and 11% increase in net income for the quarter. Our biannual employee engagement survey showed solid gains in every measured category compared to 2 years ago and higher ratings in every category than the benchmark database of comparison companies. At the same time, our customer satisfaction ratings remained at or near record levels and we think those 2 measurements are closely correlated. I would like to thank our over 4,800 associates for their daily efforts to deliver value for our customers.  I look forward to seeing all of you next week at our Analyst Conference in Dallas. Before I turn it over to Tony for some additional insight on the business, I will mention that Craig Curry has resigned from the Jack Henry Board of Directors for personal reasons as disclosed in an 8K filed earlier this week. We would like to thank Craig for his 8 years of service to our company and wish him well. Tony, I'll turn it over to you. 
John Prim: Kartik, this is Jack. I don't think they're getting necessarily more comfortable. I think they're certainly pleased that they didn't see the reductions that they thought they might see and I think there's still some skepticism as to how long it will last, I think there was a report out yesterday, Federal Reserve, if I remember correctly, that did confirm that the banks under $10 billion or the financial institutions under $10 billion are still seeing essentially the same interchange rates that they were seeing prior to Durbin. But nobody really seems to think that's a long-term proposition. You're also starting to see some different fees implemented by Visa and MasterCard with are designed to kind of recruit money from a different angle. So -- and they're feeling better, I think their balance sheets are improving, their reserves are going down, charge-offs are not increasing at the rates that they were, and again, not having the impact of -- on their fee income that there was the potential to have, all those are good things and I think it has led to an improved spending environment, but again, don't think anybody believes that -- particularly, as it relates to Durbin that, that's a long-term likelihood. 
John Prim: I think credit users are pretty much spending like they have been. We've seen solid core system evaluation activity on the Credit Union side, it's probably picked up just a little. But it's not significantly different. I think on the banking side, it's been more of a gradual comeback and of course, you aren't seeing the kinds of failures necessarily on the Credit Union side that you were on the banking side as those bank failures have started to abate and the banks are feeling better about the position they're in, they're picking up spending, core system evaluation activities has been very solid there as well and a number of different complementary products. So I don't know that I've seen any significant trends other than the banks have probably picked up the pace a little bit. 
John Prim: Well, core system sales have been solid, and of course, John, as you know, they're tending much more towards outsourced delivery than in-house these days. So that certainly has helped. The in-house to outsource transitions certainly add some pretty significantly to the backlog as well. Credit Union side of the house is probably now about 50% in-house to outsource ratio as far as new deals signed, so that certainly helped the backlog. But again, we've seen also on the Credit Union side, an uptick in the in-house to outsource transitions. So I think it's a combination of new core wins, but probably somewhat more significantly influenced by the in-out transitions. 
John Prim: Yes, Brett, there certainly are fewer failures and of course, everybody feels that the normal M&A activity is going to pick up some, but when that happens, there's -- when normal M&A takes place, there's a little more of a graceful exit as somebody moves out, when a bank fails, that's fairly abrupt in terms of the impact on revenue. One of the things -- and I'll talk about this a little bit more next week at the analyst meeting, but I think that the bank failure environment, although if you look at ourselves and our 2 major competitors, the number of banks that each of us have lost to failures and the number of the other failed banks that our banks have picked up and merged in, it works out pretty close in terms of everybody nets back about the same amount as the number that they saw fail. But I think that that's had a greater than average impact on us in terms of the headwind on revenue because of the makeup of our customer base. And when 2/3 of our customer base is still in-house, whereas, for our 2 largest competitors, that's either the exact opposite of that if not, 80% outsourced, the impact of the way revenue flows, and again, I can explain this probably a little better with a chart next week than I can over the phone, I think that the negative impact of failures probably was a little more of a headwind on us again, partially attributable to just the makeup of our customer base. Conversely, I think coming out of the scenario with fewer bank failures taking place, I think it's somewhat more positive for us as we look down the next 3 years in terms of growing over and getting back on that growth track, so -- but again, certainly the number of bank failures has slowed and hopefully that will continue to be the trend. 
John Prim: Well, Pete, I don't think we see them ever backing off or requiring anything less than what they currently require and forget anything recent. You look back the last 10 years, there's always additional pressures to do more and more and more. So could we see some more burden from that standpoint? Yes. We feel like we're in a pretty good shape. Certainly, we are examined heavily and regularly and very prompt in responding to anything that the regulators tell us that they feel like needs to be addressed. So I don't anticipate anything of significance happening in the next 12 months or as a result of anything that's taking place. But over the long run, I think that the continued pressure to do more and more and get tougher and tougher from a security standpoint is certainly going to be there. And it should be. 
John Prim: Well, certainly, our appetite -- the appetite is there. It's been, frankly, difficult to find quality companies, A, at a reasonable price, B, that we were -- would be interested in, in bringing into our organization. Does it increase the likelihood of something tangential? I don't know that it necessarily does, I think certainly, and we'll probably comment a little more on this at the Analyst Day, but I think certainly we will be revisiting our usage of cash whether that's focusing more on stock buybacks or whatever until we see either the kinds of companies and operations that we would want to own or -- and/or appropriate price levels for something that needs a little work done. 
Tony Wormington: Thanks, Jack. We are pleased with the strong contributions in all components of support and services, which increased 8% over the prior year quarter and 6% fiscal year-to-date, and represents 88% of total revenue. The largest contributor to this was our electronic payments revenue, which grew 11% compared to the prior year quarter and year-to-date, and represents 38% of total revenue. Our outsourced data and item processing services increased 9% for the quarter and 5% year-to-date and represents 21% of total revenue, which is driven by both new customers who prefer this delivery model, as well as the continued movement of our existing in-house customers electing to migrate to this service model. In addition, our onetime implementation revenues increased 14% compared to prior year quarter and 6% year-to-date and represents 8% of total revenue. Demand for implementation services in all areas of the company remains very strong due to new business resulting from competitive takeaway, in-house to outsourced migrations, diversion and merger-related activity due to both FDIC closures and voluntary M&A, as well as additional complementary product purchases from existing clients. Our electronic payments transaction volumes continue to experience very solid growth. PassPort, ATM and debit card processing volumes increased 16.1% over the prior year quarter. Bill payment transaction volumes increased 13.7% over the prior year quarter. Financial institution merchants installed and utilizing our Enterprise Payments Solution increased to over 38,000 merchants, representing a 10.9% increase compared to the prior year quarter. Merchant-related transaction volumes increased 13.6% over the prior year quarter. I would like to thank our customers for their business and their continued loyalty to JHA represented by purchasing additional products and services, as well as referring JHA to their peers. Additionally, I want to thank our 4,800-plus Associates for the dedication, loyalty and taking care of our clients. I'll now turn it over to Kevin for a further look at the numbers. 
Tony Wormington: I think that's an improving customer trend for the most part. We have continued to improve our penetration with our ATM and debit products in our Community Bank space. But I think generally, it's a continuing trend of overall spend. 
Tony Wormington: Well, I think it's both. We have continued to sell a significant number of ATM and debit customers over the last 3 years and continuing to improve our penetration with that solution in the marketplace. Primarily, we're picking up, I would say these days, a lot of clients on the lower end of our customer base, some of the smaller clients, so even though our penetration is going up significantly, there's not quite as much transaction growth that goes with each one of those, but as you add them up, I think we'd see additional growth from that additional penetration of the community bank space. So that, combined with the overall consumer spend, what we're seeing in transaction volume growth and not only ATM and debit, but also on the Bill Pay side, I think it's a combination that you're seeing in our ATM and debit growth. 
Tony Wormington: Well, there are nothing new. I mean, there are some things some in process that were tightened up, and I'm thinking how long ago that was, 6, 9 months ago or so, they were certainly in the process of addressing, have not heard any discussion about something new and different beyond that. 
