Kevin D. Williams: Thank you, Abigail. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for the Jack Henry & Associates first quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings call. I'm Kevin Williams, CFO. And on the call with me today is David Foss, our President and CEO. The agenda for the call this morning, in a minute, I'll turn the call over to Dave. He will provide some of his thoughts about the business and the performance of the quarter. After that, I will provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday after market closed, and then I'll update our guidance for FY 2017 and for Q2. And then, we will open the line up for Q&A. I need to remind you the remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends, or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
Kevin D. Williams: I think Dave mentioned this on his comments. If you back out deconversion fees, it was still up 14% for the year, which is actually pretty much in line with where it was all of last year. Last year, it was 13% back out deconversion fees, Brett.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, I would say, Pete, that we knew going into this quarter, like I said in my opening comments, the deconversion this quarter were just slightly higher. We knew of some that were going to happen this quarter. There were a couple kind of surprises that happen as the payments came in, the paperwork came in that we weren't really anticipating. But like I said, we got pretty good visibility next quarter. Obviously, you can always be surprised, but we don't see anything coming up the next quarter even for the (12:57) that surprised us. So, we still think our deconversion fees for the year are going to be down quite a bit from last year primarily because of those two large ones from the Susquehanna and CIC (13:09) that got acquired last year. Just those two, that's about $10 million. So, we still think it's going to be down for the year. We knew it's going to be a little up this quarter. It's just a matter of timing, which we have no control over. We have to recognize revenue when the (13:24) come in, Pete.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah, Dave. I think we mentioned on the last call we continue to have a very solid pipeline in all three of those lines. (16:40) capture the sales we have there. That part still continues to serve us well. But we still got quite a bit of runway in our customer base for the card business. I'd say, obviously, we saw that as much outside the base as we did inside the base. So, there is still some nice runway, and what you're seeing I think is some of the sales that were made last year that are now getting converted, because everybody has those; once you convert them, you're actually bringing some nice volume on.
Kevin D. Williams: I feel good about it, Dave. And the reason is because most of our stock-based compensation benefit happened in Q1, that's when the long-term comp restricted stock vests for the executives and GMs, in that (18:18) the vast majority of any stock-based benefit is going to happen in Q1. So, there'll be a little bit the rest of the year, but not near as much. So, going into this quarter, we didn't know exactly what the benefit could be, and until we knew that, which was actually in mid-September, that was when we made the decision to go ahead and early adopt to get the benefit. But up until September 10, to be quite honest, we weren't sure if we were going to early adopt or not. So, very comfortable with the tax rate for the balance of the year on the guidance I gave, because the stock-based benefit is not going to have much impact the balance of the year.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah. I mean, obviously, the $0.03 tax impact for this quarter is going to take the whole year guidance up, Glenn. I mean, there are a couple of deconversion fees that came in this quarter that we kind of anticipated next quarter. So, we're still going to have an overall decrease for the year in deconversion fees. Probably not quite the drag that I anticipated in August, but it's still probably going to be a $0.07 or $0.08 drag to the year.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, a couple of things there, Glenn. I mean, if you look at last year, the comp we had, credit unions had a 32% increase last year in Q1. So, pretty tough comp to grow over. There was nothing really unusual. I mean, everything kind of keeps trucking along. Our bundling revenue was down a little bit this quarter compared to a year ago, just because of the timing of delivery. Some of the implementation was down, just again due to timing of billing and revenue recognition. License and hardware, both down slightly and that's again just due to timing of delivery. So, there is nothing unusual in credit unions other than a very tough comp a year ago. Banking, everything is continuing to track along, especially the outsourcing, which is relevant to the in and out business that we continue to talk about and continue to see a very good momentum there as we see that shift of our existing (22:26) customers moving to outsourcing, and I think we're going to continue to see that nice growth especially in the outsourcing and payments businesses in both sides of the business.
Kevin D. Williams: And I'll also say we rolled a lot of products out in the June quarter and into live production (24:14) which drove to the increase in amortization that you see in the press release that flowed through (24:20) the cash flow statement this quarter. So, our percentage of cap software that's still in development is not being amortized, is running pretty much where it has been historically. And as Dave said, our cap software for the year, as we guided last quarter, is going to be down for the year.
Kevin D. Williams: And like Dave said, we have a large number of core prospects at our Symitar Educational Conference. I believe there was 28 (26:40).
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah. I guess, Kartik, what I'd say is, with our recurring revenue at 80%, with the backlog of conversions that we know we have out there for, not only payments, but also the customers that have signed contracts to move from in to out, so we know the conversion timelines for those and what that benefit's going to do to revenue. So, we got very good visibility for at least 12 months to 18 months out, barring any large M&A activity where we lose another customer just like we did last year, but barring that, we got extremely good visibility, probably 95% plus of what we're going to have for the next 12 to 18 months.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah. I would say this, the good indicator is having record attendance at your education conferences, record number of prospects, and we even had a record number of CEOs at our CEO forum, at our Banking Education Conference. So, those are all really good indications. And I would say that's surprising, because there was a large number of the CEOs actually stuck around this year and went to the technology fair to look at some of our products. So, to me, those are all very good indications that we're going to continue to do well.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah. I mean, obviously, we're going to continue to look at M&A activity (30:57). As Dave said, there's just not a lot out there, which is why we continue to reinvest in our products and develop products. We have our Annual Shareholders Meeting this week on Thursday and our board meeting. And just like every board meeting, we're going to discuss the use of cash, but anticipate that we'll probably continue to use to buy back stock and continue to evaluate increasing dividends.
Kevin D. Williams: I mean, as of now, we think it is, Dave. (31:51) depending on upgrades to hardware and some different things, but we don't have any large, unusual CapEx, other than maintenance, really planned for this year. In the following years, very possible we're going to have to add another building in Springfield because we are out of space there. We're back to leasing almost as much space as we did before. We built two buildings in 2010 and more to come on that, but the CapEx should be flat to down slightly through the year.
David B. Foss: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report another strong operating quarter with record revenue and operating income. As in the past, I'd like to begin today by thanking our associates for all the hard work that went into producing those results for our first fiscal quarter. I'm particularly pleased with the results for the quarter because the prior-year quarter included some fairly significant headwinds for us to grow over. Our Q1 in FY 2016 included both Alogent, which we sold last quarter, and a full quarter revenue associated with Susquehanna as we've discussed on prior calls. Despite these headwinds, total revenue increased 7% for the quarter and increased 6% excluding the impact of deconversion fees from both quarters. Organic revenue growth was also 7% for the quarter. Our payments businesses performed well despite the pressure we highlighted last quarter, and we posted a 7% increase in payments revenue or a 6% increase, excluding deconversion fees. Our outsourcing and cloud revenue growth for the quarter was 19%. And if you exclude the impact of deconversion fees from both quarters, we saw a very solid 14% increase. Despite an extremely strong sales quarter in Q4 of FY 2016, our sales teams finished Q1 in excess of 100% of quota and booked more business than any previous first quarter. This is significant not only because they have set a sales bookings record but because they did it without the benefit of any Alogent sales in this quarter. Additionally, all three of our brands continue to work robust sales pipelines. As I mentioned in the press release, we hosted our two largest client conferences of the year in September and October for our Symitar and JHA Banking brands. Between the two conferences, we hosted more than 44 prospect institutions represented by almost 100 people. I was overwhelmed of both conferences by the levels of customer satisfaction expressed to me by our customers, which in a reference selling business like ours is obviously very helpful. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin for some detail on the numbers.
David B. Foss: Yes, that was Susquehanna, and there was a onetime fee when they deconverted in November of $5 million, which is why I explained there are deconversion fees, but December quarter is going to down $3 million to $5 million from where it was last year.
David B. Foss: Yeah. And I've talked to most of them I would say at those two conferences. I don't know that I got to every one of them, but generally, it's around improving functionality in the core system, certainly focused on compliance and efficiency. And one of the new solutions we released last year that we've talked about is (11:12). So, that's gaining some traction because it helps a bank or credit union improve efficiency. So, normally, that's around improved overall solution, improved customer service, and then compliance and efficiency.
David B. Foss: Yeah. Feedback has been solid. We've signed, I think not in the quarter but in the past 12 months, we've signed around 90 customers, and I don't have an exact number in front of me, but around 90 customers on the Banno platform. Feedback is good that is the solution that we're building around as far as a digital platform for mobile and webhosting and the entire customer experience, and customer reaction is very solid to that solution.
David B. Foss: Yeah. This is Dave, Pete. I'd say that the story right now on M&A is pretty much the same story that we've been experiencing for the past 12 months. We are always looking. There are always fields that we have our eye on. It's tough to find a deal that really fits, A, because we have such a broad suite of solutions today, finding something that we don't have that fits who we are and what we're trying to do as a company can be a challenge; and then, B, valuations are still difficult to get something that really fits as far as valuation. So, there are deals that are out there, and we're looking all the time. Just haven't found one recently that fit the profile that we're looking for.
David B. Foss: No. And, Dave, it's Dave. No, no anniversary as far as Susquehanna is concerned. I think your kind of high-level assessment is correct. The payments business is performing well, performing better frankly than I had expected, and it's really across all three areas. As a reminder, we have three aspects of our payments business. We have our card processing business, our bill pay business, and then our remote deposit capture ACH business. All three of those lines of business are performing well and better than we had anticipated.
David B. Foss: Yeah, I think it's market share wins, and I don't know if it's banks pushing more or us helping them push more. So, we track pretty closely subscriber adoption, for example, in bill pay. And same-store sales growth is a key metric for us, and same-store sales growth is up this year. And we are active in helping our bank and credit union clients with their adoption within – so, customers that were already signed with us, we help them with adoption for their customers. So, I think there is an uptake across the board, not only in competitive signings but in us helping our customers get to more of their consumers with our payment solutions.
David B. Foss: Actually, Glenn, the Q1 deconversion fees wasn't that much of a surprise, and I tried to get that across (20:45) comments. I mean, we knew deconversion fees this quarter were going to be up compared to last quarter. The surprise was only like $1 million or $1.5 million of the total deconversion fees for the quarter that came in kind of unexpectedly. So, we knew it was going to be up this quarter, but we also knew it's going to be down quite a bit next quarter.
David B. Foss: So, I talked about this a little bit on the last call that we expect that CapEx is down a little bit, the cap software is down a little bit, and I expect cap software to run at that same rate going forward. As far as the new products that are in process or maybe capitalized software projects that are in process, we have the ongoing Episys technology development that we've talked about on several calls in the past that goes on through 2018 but is being rolled out in phases. So, it's not that it's a big bang at the end, but it's an ongoing project for us. We've highlighted our treasury management project that's been going on that is released next year. We have a financial crime solution that we've been working on that we have talked about previously and then other ongoing projects with our payments business, for example, and with Banno that was already asked about today. So, a number of large development projects that are ongoing. But with that said, as I said earlier, I expect cap software to kind of run at the same rate that you are seeing now.
David B. Foss: Sure. I think I said the expectation on the last call that we'd be in the 5% to 6% range. And if you look at this quarter, excluding deconversions, we are right at 6%. I think that's a good number going forward in the 5% to 6% range. The payments business, as I talked about earlier with one of the questions, is performing nicely for us right now. We have some grow over that we're dealing with from last year, but the payments, all three lines of the payments business are performing well right now.
David B. Foss: No, not really. Nothing unusual. Obviously, deferred revenue is up quite a bit from a year ago, and that's probably the biggest change right there that caused the increase not to go up anymore. I mean, that's a $12 million increase which is actually a good thing.
David B. Foss: I would describe the competitive environment as intense as it has been in the large credit union space, intense as it has been for quite some time. No, we are not seeing any increased level of competition or reason to be concerned when it comes to any particular core provider. We're all competing.
David B. Foss: 28 and half of those were over $1 billion in assets. Let me point out too that in the last fiscal year, so I don't have the number for this quarter, but in the last fiscal year, for us, so July 1 to June 30, there were 12 credit unions that made a competitive decision – over $500 million in assets,12 credit unions that made a competitive decision, meaning leave their current core provider. 50% of those went with our Symitar solution. So, I think that's a good indicator of how we're positioned today as a core provider against any of the cores that are out there.
David B. Foss: Let me touch on that first, and then I'll turn it over to Kevin. I think it depends on the product line that you're looking at. So, you sign a new core deal today. Well, that core deal isn't going to install for 12 to 14 months. You never know what their conversion timeline is, but it's a long-term project. Whereas you sign a bill pay customer today, they may convert in 60 days. So, it really depends on the product line that you're talking about, and given the fact that we're pretty diverse today when it comes to product signings, I think that's a difficult question for me to answer. Now, Kevin may have a better response.
David B. Foss: I don't know that I would characterize it as any significant increase. There are a lot of deals in flight (29:37) right now, and as always, our biggest competitor is no decision, right, if people go out and look and then they decide to not make a move for whatever reason. So, I don't know that there's some great big increase overall. At this point in time, there are a lot of deals that are in play.
