Kevin Williams: Thanks, Liz. Good morning. And thank you for joining us for the Jack Henry and Associates Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2021 year-end earnings call. I'm Kevin Williams, CFO, and Treasurer. And on the call with me, today is David Foss, our Board Chair President, and CEO.  In just a minute, I will turn the call over to Dave to provide some of his thoughts about the Sabre business, financial and sales performance for the quarter, some comments regarding the industry in general, and then some other key initiatives that we have in place.  Then after Dave concludes his comments, I will provide some additional positive comments regarding the earnings press release we put out yesterday after market close. And provide comments regarding our guidance for our fiscal year of 2022 provided in the release, and then we will open the lines up for Q&A.  First, I need to remind you that this call includes certain forward-looking statements, including remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends, or results.  Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements.  Also on this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non - GAAP revenue and non - GAAP operating income. The reconciliations for historical non-GAAP financial measures can be found in yesterday's press release. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
Kevin Williams: Well, I will tell you that the biggest change is the impact of COVID because, obviously, we had some really nice margin expansion this year with no travel-related costs. Obviously, there was also a decrease in revenue from converted merge revenue and other things. So there's a lot of offsetting things out there. And just to be clear, I feel like both our revenue GAAP or non-GAAP revenue grows from 7.5% to 8%. And our margin expansion of 50 bits is both conservatives.
Kevin Williams: Yeah. So I mean, we saw some really nice margin expansion in the payments segment in Q4, we will see more in FY '22. There are still additional costs that will be coming out by the end of the first half of Fiscal '22 in the payments segment.  So I think there will still be some really nice margin expansion. And as we added additional customers, that will also expand the margins. And obviously, cards are still 60% of the payments segment.
Kevin Williams: Well, I mean, Peter, obviously, we've been hearing a lot about M&A activity, which obviously that's what drives deconversion fees is. But we have not seen a lot of actual activity yet so I think that's going to grow over the year. So I have a feeling that the bulk of the deconversion fees are probably going to be in the second half of the year.
Kevin Williams: And Dave, remember it's not just debt. We now offer full-service credit as well because we could not offer that before we got moved over to the new platform. So our full-service credit is growing, basically, from a base of 0.
Kevin Williams: So we had all customers on the new platform and in -- sometime in April, we started decommissioning the four mainframes that supported the 2 platforms that we used to have. And I think those got completely decommissioned, I believe, by mid-July, if I remember right. But there are some other things that are going on here, Kartik. So there were some other tools that we have to keep the talent on to rewrite and get some additional tools in place, which will be done by the end of Q2. And so you'll see some additional costs coming out by then. So by Q3 of this year, we will see the full benefit of the cost takeout that we guided to 3 years ago.
Kevin Williams: And then, John, I saw you -- I saw in your note about the EPS and your calculation on margins. You also remember that our effective tax rate is going to go up from 21.7 to 22.5 to 23% too, so if you're just looking at EPS, that's also going to have a slightly negative impact, but we're still guiding EPS to grow more than 10%.
Kevin Williams: Yeah. There was a significant headwind from convert merge revenue being down because there's no M&A activity, and you're absolutely right. I mean, if deconversion revenue does take up as we think, our customers will be buying just as much as our customers are getting acquired.  So not only would it increase convert merge revenue, but also it'll increase billed travel because we'll have more people traveling out to do that convert merges. As a percentage of total revenue, on top of my head, John, I can't -- I mean, it's not a huge number.  But when you start talking several million dollars in convert merge revenue that we'd beat missing bills full boat for those. So it's a very nice margin business, a price of them. It's actually the highest implementation margins we have. So not only does it help or reduce the headwinds on revenue, but also, it helps our overall operating margin.
Kevin Williams: Yeah. So, John, it's a good question. And actually, I thought about that as I was driving over here for this meeting this morning. Cadance said -- the one thing I'd say is, we've now been on ASC 606 now for 4 years. So the cadence of growth is going to come to the same.  Q1 should be really strong because of all the software subscription revenue that we take, the first -- that quarter. It obviously gets a little weaker in Q2 and then just grows in Q3 and Q4 from there. And as far as our user conference, or actually a combined conference this year, well, they're not really combined, they kind of an overlap, and those are scheduled to be in October. So that'll hit Q2.
Kevin Williams: That's a good question. So to beat the guidance we gave for non-GAAP revenue, it would mean that we would have some continued implementation of movements from some of our card customers.  So move some large debit customers over the continued success in our credit card platform processing MA activity, which would drive the convert merge revenue and billable travel that we talked about earlier. And then just meeting and then obviously the continued movement of moving out in -- on-prem customers into our private cloud also help our margins. So there are several different drivers that could cause us to beat that non - GAAP revenue guidance. And from what I'm seeing, I think that's probably going to happen. But I'm not willing to step on that limb and say how much this point. And every one of those things I just mentioned can also help to improve margin. As far as investments, I mean, we just finished our budget and I don't know that even if we beat revenue guidance, I don't know that there are any big investments out there that we need to make, that we're not already making, either from a cap software development or from Capex that's not already in the budget, which is part of that guidance.
Kevin Williams: Just one more thing in there. So when we talk about digital, that's not just Banno that includes a lot of different things, which includes our predecessor NetTeller solution, which we still have several hundred FIs on our NetTeller solution and using our goDough mobile solution.  And a lot of those will never move to Banno. But when we talk about digital, we're talking about all of that [Indiscernible], and Geezeo, and Molson, which is open anywhere, which is some of the acquisitions we've done the last 3 years. So the term digital encompasses quite a few different products and offerings.
Kevin Williams: Well, it depends on which numbers you're looking at for 2017. If you're looking for the restated numbers after ASC 606 or if you're looking at the previous numbers because ASC 606 did have an impact on our margins.  But I would say -- I'd answer it this way. I'm pretty comfortable that after we get through FY 22, again, there are a lot of unknowns out there with COVID and all of the things. But I think starting FY 23, we can kind of go back to our normal 50 to a 100 basis points expansion in our operating margin as we get everything kind of put back in place this year.
Kevin Williams: So the other part, Dan, is if you look at us for, let's say the last 10 plus years, and I actually have a chart that shows this, our total R&D spend for R&D expense on the P&L and cap software on the cash-flow statement has been 14% of revenue.  So our total R&D spends has grown at almost the exact same pace as our top-line revenue for the last 10 years. I don't see that changing. I think we're not changing that. And I would tell you that the way that -- we don't do really big bang productions.  I mean, we do sprints and do try to get modules rolled out as quickly as possible and do additional modules. So there's no -- you're not going to see a huge increase in amortization of software in any given year. It's just kind of become slowly grow.  Because at any given time -- there's actually a chart I show the Board every quarter. At any given time, about 85% or 86% of our total cap software on the balance sheet is in production being amortized. And that hasn't changed for the last couple -- the last few years either. So what that tells you, as we're continuing to develop all that software, we continue to roll it out.  But at the same time in 5 years, some of the stuff, the amortizations were done amortizing. So you've got an offset there. So I don't think that we're going to do anything crazy in the foreseeable future. It's going to have much of an impact on either cash flow or the P&L other than what you've seen in the last few years.
David Foss: Yeah. When you have a sales sense, Dave, by the way, Pete, when you have a sales organization or a sales quota, the size of our sales quota, a percentage increase of more than 5% per year is a very significant increase.  And if I remember correctly, I don't think I have it exactly in front of me, but I think it was year-over-year. It was about 7% or 8%, somewhere in that range, year-over-year as far as sales bookings.  Now, we know -- you know this well, we don't publish TCV numbers or anything like that, but it's -- that's a good way to think about how we measure quota and how quotas are assigned. So you can kind of use that logic in making some assumptions. So if we're 7% or 8% ish increase over the prior year as far as sales performance, that's a good way to think about it.  Now the other thing I'll point out is when we assign quotas for the next year, meaning for the year we are in now, fiscal '22, we -- our starting point is last year's performance, and then we normally apply somewhere between 3% and 5% quota increase over the top of what the performance was last year.  So that's where the sales team is starting out this year is with a sales quota that is somewhere in the 3% to 5% range larger than it was their actual attainment for the prior year.
David Foss: That's a very intuitive question, Dave. In fact, I'm presenting at a conference in, I think it's February of next year, on that very topic, because bankers are starting to realize that, that if you have a good digital platform on the front end, and if you take advantage of open infrastructure like we have at Jack Henry and it's the reason we talk about it all the time, you can do as a banker, essentially all those same things and draw customers to your platform as a bank with the FDIC insurance backing it, and there's a real opportunity for bankers to take advantage of this desire and demand among consumers today for solutions like that.  So we're doing that today with a number of banks, but part of that channel -- part of the process for me is to educate bankers on what they can do, what they should be thinking about, how they compete in those areas.  So lots of opportunities for our customers and for Jack Henry, but it are based on a really outstanding digital platform. And then having all the connectivity to connect those types of Fintech functions into that digital platform.  And we have all those things in production today at Jack Henry. This isn't a wish for the future, this is in production today with customers today, so great opportunity. And so the first part of your question about customer growth, so yes, we are able to measure customer growth, whether it's members on the credit union platform or customers on the banking platforms.  And not only are we adding customers because we're winning share, we're winning new customers, so the net number of customers we serve is greater, but because there is same-store sales growth happening, particularly on the credit inside of the business, It's happening on the banking side, but it's been strong on the crediting side of the business as well.
David Foss: I think that's a good expectation. The other thing I'll highlight is, we talk and Kevin emphasizes that 60% of our payments business is on the cards platform, but don't forget about the business we refer to as EPS, enterprise payment solutions.  That's our merchant cat -- our remote capture and mobile capture business. That business has been growing nicely as well. So it's a much smaller piece of the segment, but it's growing rapidly.  And I think you're going to continue to hear more about that business at Jack Henry as well. So both of those two. And I've said it on many earnings calls, the bill pay business, relatively flat for everybody.  There's not a whole lot of new stuff happening in traditional bill pay. The card growth that you've seen, I think under or in the high single-digits is a good expectation for the card growth. But it will be greater than that for the EPS business as far as what we're seeing right now because of the strength of that platform.
David Foss: I would say that it's back to normal. So normal for Jack Henry. So pre-pandemic, we were running at about one new competitive replacement per week. We're back to that level now. We did 15 last quarter, we did 13 this quarter.  Everything that I'm seeing now would indicate that that's a pace that we can run at for a while. It's definitely leading the industry by far as new quarter replacements. And that's -- that looks sustainable for us now.
David Foss: For core renewals, what -- we've talked about this in the past. Consultants are now engaged every time there's a renewal. So 10 years ago, it was rare to have a consultant involved in the renewals. Today, every single one of them has a consultant and that's not just Jack Henry, it's in the industry. And how does the consultant justify their role?  It's by ensuring that it's a very competitive process. So that's been going on. It started before the pandemic. It is definitely in place today, where every single renewal for all of us, there is a consultant engaged. They are encouraging diligent review of pricing and all that kind of stuff. And so we know how to operate in that model and we're comfortable with what's happening.
David Foss: And I will chime in here, Dom on that topic. We -- one of the things that are interesting in this business is when a -- an existing customer is looking at acquiring another institution, whether it's a bank or credit union, we have a lot of visibility into that because they will contact us to say, we're working on this deal.  We may not consummate the deal that we're working on it, we want to make sure that we have a conversion slot available. We have time on the Jack Henry calendar because we want to be able to do that as quickly after we close the deal as possible.  So we have good visibility -- a good deal of visibility into the activity that's happening out there in the convert merger space. And I can tell you right now there is a lot of activity. So there's a lot in the press about M&A activity coming back.  And we're certainly seeing it in the number of our customers who are coming to us saying, we're looking at acquiring another institution, we want to make sure you guys are ready to help us. So we can't exactly predict when those things are going to happen, but the activity levels are definitely back.
David Foss: Sure. And just to be clear, Dominick, so when I was referring to the 7% to 8%, I was talking about actual performance over the prior year. So pipeline, just so we're all clear on terminology when I talk pipeline, I'm talking about the opportunities that we're working currently that may close in the future, as opposed to quota attainment as things that have been booked in the past and are deals that have already been signed with our customers.  But to answer the specifics of your question, no, this is not just a few large clients or something like that. This is a broad suite of solutions that we've been selling to a broad list of customers. Of course, the core success that we've had this year was significant, and so that's a driver.  I highlighted in my opening comments the number of Banno customers that we signed this year, so 219 brand new Banno digital customers. That is becoming an important driver for us as we go forward. But then it's all of these other solutions. So treasury management and all the customers that we signed for our payments platforms, including like I mentioned in my response to Dave Koning's question earlier, our EPS platform, which we're seeing some nice interest in that as a payments platform for our customers going forward.  So it's just a broad variety of solutions to the point about pent-up demand and that's a little bit of a tough one because we saw -- sales were lumpier during the height of COVID, but we didn't see -- when you look at it over the 12-month period, we didn't see sales slowed down, but it was very lumpy.  So I have trouble characterizing it as pent-up demand because the sales happen, they were just not quite as smooth or normally accustomed to. So I think it's interesting, Jack Henry, its customers coming to Jack Henry who just hasn't done business with us before.  And it's because of this broad suite of solutions that we have and all of the new technology we deliver. So I highlighted it in my opening comments. The work that our Symitar team did around database migration, and delivering an entirely new database.  The lending team with all the new functionality that we've delivered there this year, the digital team, which I've already highlighted, the payments ' PayCenter platform that I talked about in my opening comments, where we now enable all these real-time payments through our brand new, ground-up payments platform. So it's a variety of different things that you add them all together and it was just a really successful sales year.
David Foss: So first off, just to be clear, Ken, what I've said is that we'll start selling Banno outside the base in calendar 2022. So it's not this calendar year, it will be next year. This year is the major deliverable for the Banno group is Banno business, which is the -- you think about all the functionality we have on the consumer side with Banno, in a couple of months here, we'll deliver all that same type of functionality on the business side of the solution.  And then it'll be next calendar year that we'll start delivering outside the base. But as I've stressed on these calls in the past, most banks and credit unions in the U.S. -- I'm not just talking about Jack Henry core customers, I'm talking in general.  Most of them have an Internet banking offering and a mobile banking offering and they are 2 different things, 2 different experiences. Consumers don't want 2 different experiences anymore. They expect to have a single experience when they go to access their information from their financial institution.  And it doesn't matter what the form factor is. If they're on a phone, on a tablet, on a PC, they expect to have the same experience. And so that creates an opportunity for us, both inside and outside our base. And so that's not changing anytime soon. There are thousands of institutions out there who will, over the next several years, upgrade their digital experience, and we plan to be there with Banno outside the base next year. As far as the size of the business, we don't call that out as a separate business. We have discussed at some point, we would possibly do that as a segment, but we're not there yet. But it's -- the 5.6 million users, I've been asked on these calls before.  There are some pure players -- pure-play offerings out there that you can kind of do the math and figure out based on their number of users with the revenue per user is. Is that transferable to Jack Henry? And my answer is generally, yes, that's transferable, so you can kind of figure out how large the business is.  The thing that I will stress is for that business. Our digital business operates under the same rules as our other businesses at Jack Henry, which means you don't get a pass on making money. You have to produce operating income, operating results in addition to revenue growth. And certainly, the Banno business is doing that for Jack Henry.  So it's continuing to grow nicely, will continue to grow nicely based on all the things we're seeing right now, the backlog of installs that we have right now. And will continue to produce operating -- bottom-line operating results for our Company.
David Foss: Yeah. I don't expect that you're going to see some great big pop in sales. I mean, as I said before, our quota is a very large number today. And so if you're growing it 3% to 5% year-over-year on a very large sales number, that sets the Company up pretty well because we're such a high concentration of recurring revenue.  So you assume that the recurring revenue is continuing to percolate and you're layering revenue in on top of it, and you're growing a sales quarter at 3% to 5% per year over the prior-year performance. That's a pretty solid model so I'm happy with that model. Don't expect that we're going to see some great big pop in sales in the coming year. I think the performance will continue to be solid and consistent.
David Foss: So I'll take the first part of your question and Kevin can address any of the hard financial questions, the CFO stuff. So first up, we have about 300 different solutions. And so they are all in some stage of either full platform on a completely open platform, or they're in the process or some has done.  And there are some that it isn't logical to take them to an open -- to a new architecture. We, for example, have a payroll solution that it's been around for a long time. It was a successful product. Nobody is buying payroll solutions from a provider like us anymore.  We haven't sold a copy in 20 years. Why would we put the effort into re-platforming that product? So if you look at the broad suite of solutions that we offer, it isn't logical to try and move everything to a new platform.  But for all those that are -- the real high demand solutions, maybe either have been put into a completely open environment or they're in process of offering that type of solution. And many have been imported to public cloud offerings. So we're both in Azure and AWS today with some of our solutions. We have many in our private cloud. So it's just -- because of the broad suite of products that we have, it's just kind of naturally a variety of different platforms that we offer them on. But for the kind of the key solutions that either is today supporting open connectivity, open infrastructure, or we're well on our way to doing that. And then I'll let you take the hard part, Kevin.
John Davis: Hey. Good morning, guys. Kevin, just a quick clarification around the margin. So you said 50 basis points. Just want to clarify, that's on a non-GAAP basis of expansion. And then to the follow-up there.  I think our math suggests that the payments cut for migration would be about a 50 basis point benefit this year. So the right way to think about it, that incremental travel and other expenses kind of offset normal operating leverage with maybe a little bit of upside during the conservative comments.
John Davis: Okay. And then you guys are guiding deconversion fees up about 70% year-over-year. Is that the right way to think about the increase in conversion merger revenue? And then, anyway, you guys can give us an idea of what percentage of a normal year convert reg -- convert merge revenue is a percentage of your core segment revenue?  Just trying to understand because I think that was one of the areas that were a little bit weaker than you expected this year. And just how we should think about that bounce back coming in '22.
John Davis: Okay. And then last one for me. Kevin, anything to call out from sequential cadence this year on the revenue side? Where margins are? Should we just basically look at 2 years to your CAGRs on the top line? And maybe remind us when your in-person conferences are in those expenses and which quarters those will be in. Thanks, guys.
