Kevin Williams: Thank you, Amy. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for the Jack Henry & Associates Second Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Call. I'm Kevin Williams, Chief Financial Officer. With me today are Jack Prim, our CEO; and Tony Wormington, our President. The agenda for the call this morning is as follows: Jack will start with an overview of the quarter, he'll then hand it over to Tony to provide some additional operational highlights for you all, and then I will provide some additional comments on the press release we put out yesterday, and then we'll ultimately try to answer any questions you might have. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions today concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statements about the future, these are subject to a number of factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties. And the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For the summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our Annual 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jack. 
Kevin Williams: Well, Kartik, obviously, the whole hardware business is changed. As we've moved into an outsourcing mode, the number of large boxes and large hardware that we sell that did really drive those incentives has gone down over the years. As Jack pointed out in his opening comments that we had some really nice activity in large iSeries and pSeries in the quarter, which drove some of that. But I don't look for the incentive and rebates to ever get back to where they were onetime, because I don't think we'll ever be at the same level selling new large boxes the way we used to be. And I will tell you that even the rebates this quarter and the incentives were actually down from a year ago. So they didn't enhance the margins this quarter. It was really just what was sold in the mix. 
Kevin Williams: That was this quarter in G&A. It's about $250,000 gain on the sale of one of our planes. And obviously, the aircraft market is really, really good out there at this time. It only took us 2 years to sell the plane. 
Kevin Williams: I think we saw one all of last calendar year. So yes, it's still pretty slow. I think, Greg, as long as the regulators are still primary focus is making sure that banks are well capitalized and trying to figure out which ones to shutdown, I think there's been 7 shut down so far in January and still focused on other things, I don't think we're going to see a big surge in de novo. I think we will continue to see some third parties buying small bank charters that want to be in the banking industry like we've seen in the last couple of years. But as far as brand new charters, I just don't see that happening in the real near future. 
Kevin Williams: Well, I think, Greg, obviously, we still got a little over 5 million shares out there under authorization. We're actually meeting with the board this week to talk about the strategies as our annual kind of strategic meeting with the board and all of our general managers and there will be a lot of things to talk about. And one of the things will be use of cash, which obviously, can be acquisition, stock buyback, dividend or whatever. I think that stock buybacks are obviously something we're going to look at. I understand from doing a little survey of my own that, that is probably the preference that people would like us use our excess cash. But I think you also got to remember, we've got a pretty conservative board. They like to have a little dry powder, so if the right acquisitions comes along. I mean, we have done a couple of better acquisitions that we've done in the last 10 years because we had dry powder and didn't have to run out and financing, and we can close the deal on a timely manner. So we've got access to capital markets. As Jack said, we'll continue to look for the right acquisitions. I mean, iPay was the largest we've ever done, believe me. We've had commitments from banks for a larger deals. We're not afraid of them. But just got to be right one to make right sense for our stockholders. And obviously, if you're sitting here, Greg, this summer, after we have collected our annual maintenance, if we haven't done an acquisition, then I'm pretty sure that stock buybacks would move to the forefront. 
Kevin Williams: The other thing I'd throw in there, Pete, is in the last 6 months or so, we've seen very good success in selling our NetTeller product into our Episys space, with the iPay solutions tied to it. So a lot of our Episys core users are refreshing their home banking. They're also refreshing their bill-pay relationship and a lot of times they are taken up with us. 
Kevin Williams: But again, John, those are all very small credit unions. So even 60 of them aren't going to add up to 1 of our large banks that's very heavy and volume built [ph]. It's an avenue for additional growth. 
Kevin Williams: -- Well, I will say, John, that yes, you're right. User Conference was in the December quarter, our Bank User Conference. Our Credit Union Conference is September quarter, Bank Education Conference is the December quarter. So when we said we see a tick down in the March quarter and we might, but I will tell you that we had such a drop this quarter of about $1 million for legal fees and litigation settlements and different things that, that's the kind of wild card going forward because obviously, we have constant things going on with the patent trolls out there and different things. So we might see a sequential tick down in G&A, but -- that we would typically see, but for some of the other onetime thing this quarter, I don't know how significant it will be in the next quarter compared to this specific December quarter. 
Kevin Williams: Yes, 2 other things. We had a very nice quarter of end-out migration that contracted that obviously impact the outsourcing backlog, Glenn. But then, I'll also say that we had a very good quarter in first half in Credit Union Outsourcing contract that the Credit Union Outsourcing backlog jumped up significantly compared to the prior year. So it's really a number of things and basically, we're kind of clicking on all cylinders on several fronts. 
Kevin Williams: Yes. It's actually ahead of the first half of last year, but it's exactly half of last year's total. 
Kevin Williams: So Glenn, the other thing I would point out is, if you think about these mid tier wins and obviously, I'm very excited about the success we're having in the market, but the impact on the quarter is really only some implementation revenues. 
Kevin Williams: The other thing I want to add, Dave, obviously Remote Deposit Capture was just growing like gangbusters there for 3 or 4 years. And I think we've hit some level of saturation there. I mean, obviously, we're having good sale, but it takes a lot of those now to move the needle. 
Kevin Williams: Well, Dave, if all the supposedly experts out there are right, which I think the 3 of us in this room kind of tend to agree with them, I think most of the M&A activities going to happen in the smaller banks, banks typically under some number. That number's still yet to be determined, but you hear anywhere from $150 million to $500 million. But the smaller the banks are going to have more of a challenge to be able to afford the regulatory compliance and the changes that the regulators continue to push down on them. So all indications are -- is that, that's going to happen. Now obviously, we don't like our potential market shrinking, but the fact that if that truly is where the mass majority of M&A activities happen is in the bank, that's actually positive for us because that's not an area of the market that we particularly play all that well as we've talked about before. So as the banks consolidate and merge, and you get a couple of $250 million banks that go together and now are $500 million bank, they are actually now in our sweet spot, and that's actually a positive for us in some regard. So yes, implementation is going to be strong for that, but we also continue to win new core business which hopefully that will drive more implementation than just M&A. 
Kevin Williams: That's possible, Dave. I mean, if you look at the history of the OpEx line, I mean, you kind of go back to -- if you're looking back 8 years ago, that's kind of when we put PeopleSoft in. We had a whole bunch of additional costs that kind of jumps it up. And then we had a flurry of acquisitions in the last 8 years where we've done close to 19 or 20 acquisitions since 2003, which obviously, that has an impact on G&A. So you're right. I mean, I congratulate all of our managers for maintaining the G&A at 19%. There's some things that are flopping around in there, like some things that can impact the quarter like litigation and settlements that we talked about earlier that can impact on a quarterly basis. So do I think we set a new level? I think potentially, we have. But there's always that wildcard out there on an unusual thing that can impact the quarter. 
Kevin Williams: That's not so much that our win rate has changed. It's more of the institutions have actually made a decision. Because it's amazing how many institutions actually go through an evaluation process and their final decision is to not do anything. 
Kevin Williams: Our in house was basically flat sequentially, Evan, so both sides are driving that with nice wins. As Jack mentioned, one of the mid tier deals was an in-house deals, so there's nice things there. We had a decent quarter for complementary products. We had a great quarter for in-house Credit Union core deals. And as Jack mentioned, those sales pipeline all look really good going into this quarter. So backlog where it is. 
Kevin Williams: Well, Brett, I mean, as far as M&A activity, I'm not sure that, that has changed dramatically or the impact, at least, to us. The real impact for the last 4 years is actually the bank failures because -- especially on an outsource deal. I mean, when they deconvert, you lose that revenue immediately. FDIC has made very clear there aren't any contract, so we don't get any early termination fees. So the biggest impact the last 3 or 4 years has been that. Now you're right, in 2010, there was 157 bank failures. In 2011, there was roughly 92 bank failures. So it did go down 40%. The other thing that I would say in 2011, the average asset size bank of sales was smaller than the year before, so the impact is diminishing. And I will tell you that based on some of the numbers I've looked at, the grow over is actually going to get easier for us next quarter, as long as the regulators will start leaving our customers alone. 
Kevin Williams: It wasn't quite 10%, but it was almost double growth of what it actually was for the quarter without the bank failure impacts. And you throw the in-house in there, it was just the impact on the quarter on asset basis, Brett, you're looking at several million dollars of revenue that went away. And obviously, our cost structure doesn't go away. So you're right. It impacts revenue and probably even more our margins. 
John Prim: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning. We are pleased to be able to start a new a calendar year reporting record revenues, gross profit and net income in our second fiscal quarter. We continue to see a gradual improvement in the general economic environment and a renewed focus on the future by our customers.  Sales performances in the quarter remained strong with all brands again over 100% of target, and sales projections remain solid for upcoming quarters. We are particularly encouraged that there is no single area that is not performing. We see good activity in core systems sales in both the Bank and Credit Union segments, and on products sales in both segments and in the ProfitStars customer base as well.  There is certainly a focus by our customers on products that can help increase revenue and efficiency, but their focus appears to be on building for the future. Details related to the impact on interchange income from the Durbin Amendment are hard to get after only 3 months or so, but the consensus seems to be that it had minimal impact for most financial institutions under $10 billion in assets. Most seem to believe that this carve-out will lose its effectiveness over time, but as of yet, it has not been a deterrent to spending.  Total revenue growth of 5%, all organic and well managed expenses in the period, allowed us to grow operating income by 11% and net income by 7%. Operating expenses were lower by 3% compared to the year ago period, and our operating income margin improved to 24%, even though our highest margin revenue category of license fees was down 12% from the same period. Although licenses revenue was down in the quarter, the comparable period is one of the highest license quarters in the last 2 years. These fees should be expected to fluctuate from one quarter to the next, generally staying in the range of 5% to 6% of total revenue.  Hardware revenue and the associated gross margins were up significantly in the quarter. This is primarily related to the mix of business with more activity related to the IBM Power processors, the iSeries and pSeries processors, than the lower margin servers and printers that we have seen in recent quarters. The point here is that there has not been a change in this part of our business. The trend for hardware as a percent of the total revenue will continue to be down, and the margins would be expected to be more in line with what we have seen in previous quarters.  Implementation revenue was up nicely, with strong contributions from both the Bank and Credit Union segments. Payments revenue continued to show solid growth and software maintenance increased even with the continued trend of in-house customers transitioning to outsourcing, and the headwinds of previous period bank failures.  The focused efforts of our over 4,700 employees have allowed us to deliver solid financial results while improving customer service metrics from the already high levels of the year ago. We appreciate your efforts and look forward to the second half of our fiscal year.  With that, I'll turn it over to Tony for some additional insights on the business. 
John Prim: All right, I would say, yes. As I mentioned earlier, there's a lot of focus on products that can both help them grow revenue, as well as improve their efficiencies. We've seen increase in spending around CRM systems for better booking of business and cross sale to new customers coming in. Been a lot of activity. I don't know that -- there was certainly some account pick up associated with Bank Transfer Day that took place last November. I don't know if that was huge in and on itself. But I think as much as anything else is the fact that they haven't seen a major, if any, impact at this point from debit card interchange, which, if you'll recall in the early stages of that discussion, it looked like that the impacts were going to be massive. And certainly, they have been massive for the larger banks, but it was generally believed that, that same thing is going to apply to all banks. So I think a lot of what we're seeing is just the fact that their revenue has not been impacted nearly as much, if at all, from Durbin, and I think they feel like they've got a little more room to do some things that they probably been wanting to do for a while. So it is pretty much across-the-board spending in that there's no one area that appears to be leading the charge. 
John Prim: Greg, it's Jack. I don't know that from our standpoint, anything has changed in that regard. Our first choice is and has for quite some time been to use our excess cash to do accretive acquisitions and acquisitions that will bring profitable future revenue growth. So we continue to look for those opportunities. I wouldn't tell you that we see a whole lot of opportunities out there. Certainly, have the capacity and the willingness to do a larger acquisition, if we find one that looks like it would have the right kind of payoff down the road. But I don't think there's anything that's changed in our outlook in terms of what we're looking for or willingness to do any of those transactions. 
John Prim: Pete, I think most of that is coming from market share gains, and it's a mixture of vendors that we are taking customers away from. There's actually a surprising number of institutions that are offering bill payment for the first time. Now those tend to be pretty small, so they don't typically drive a lot of volume, but there is some content there. In terms of the same-store growth or the same bill payor growth, the end customer, I don't know that we're seeing a lot of increase in the number of bills paid per household online. There are few more households maybe they're moving in paying bills electronically than they were before. But most of what you're seeing there is market share gain. We have one, I'll say, remarketer, for lack of a better term, that worked with primarily some credit union institutions that was remarketing a different vendor's bill payment system to about 60, I believe, small credit unions. They have elected to move to the iPay product and move over to that. But as in process, probably, more than 50% way through that I think at this point. Again, smaller institutions, but every little bit helps. 
John Prim: Well, it's not material at this point from a financial impact, Pete, but we definitely are seeing some uptake for the business bill payment capability that iPay has, particularly in the Banking business. And we're working on and expect to release in the March timeframe some iPad tablet-type applications, which will have an initial focus on business-related bill payment functions. And we think that, that will also help drive additional mobile sales, as well as additional business bill payment sales. So again, if you looked at the percentages, and I couldn't quote them up off the top of my head, but the percentages uptake of the business bill pay, the percentages are impressive. The actual material impact on the financials, at this point, is not going to jump off the page at you. 
John Prim: I think that's about right, John. About that many I think are implemented, and of course, that has also been within the last probably 60 days. I don't know that we've got a full quarter of payment transaction out of any of the half that we've implemented at this point. 
John Prim: No, Pete -- John, at this point, that hasn't had much of an impact in our area. Actually, the 2 vendors that I think you're probably referring to that are in acquisition/merger discussions, actually both happen to be at some level a remarketer of the iPay business bill payment products. So at this point, I don't think it had a significant impact, if anything we're seeing some of that settle down might actually help us a little bit. In terms of customers that are concerned about what's going on there looking in our direction, really haven't seen any motion there. 
John Prim: Yes, Glenn, that's a large part -- large part of that is what's probably making that up. We've had pretty good success in the last year, and certainly, in the last quarter with signing mid-tier kind of that over $1 billion asset-sized financial institution on the banking side in particular. And out of the 5 that we've signed in the last 9 months or so, mid-tier banks that have elected to come our direction, I believe, I'm right, Kevin, that 4 of those were outsourcing, 1 was going to do an in-house license. And I think probably there were at least 2 in the current quarter that would be adding to that backlog. So Kevin, I'm trying to think if there's anything else. Particularly some end-out migration. 
John Prim: Yes. It was roughly in 20 in the first half, if I'm not mistaken, between Banking and Credit Union. 
John Prim: It would be tracking -- if you annualize that first half, it would be tracking right on last year's number. 
John Prim: Glenn, I think that particularly in the banking space, it's probably back to that point that I made earlier that people are a little more focused on the future. It's not been but 1.5 year, 2 years, but frankly, people were wondering whether any banks were going to survive or not. I think people kind of moved past that and certain of them realize they are going to survive and are planning somewhat more aggressively for -- position themselves for the future. There's talk about consolidation that will likely take place in the industry to some extent, I don't know that I've seen that accelerating to overall rate that are going to be much greater than what we've seen for probably the last 10 years. But I do think that has also been the case for the last 10 years, that most of that net consolidation will be at the low end of the market, have more financial institutions moving into that. $500 million to $1 billion and over a $1 billion space where they need a little more robust systems and capabilities than what they might be using today. So I think that in the majority of the cases that we find in recent months, it's been the case of what the solution we need for the next 10 years, and we've been fortunate to win a fair number of those. 
John Prim: Part of the challenge there has been bank failures. I think, certainly, the boost to organic growth just getting past bank failures, which are trending certainly in the right direction. It came down substantially last year and hopefully, that will be the case this year as well. I think that certainly has had some impact. It certainly has also some pricing compression in the marketplace that we have been seeing and continue to see. It looks like that in some cases, there may be some shifting of transactions from debit to credit processing. We seem to be seeing a little bit of that on the Credit Union side, the PPS product related to the PEMCO acquisition indicate that there could be some of that activity as well. Again, I think that there is certainly opportunity for it to move back into double digits, but I think a lot of things have to align properly. 
John Prim: We've also got just generally an improvement in economy is going to put some pressures in some areas, wages and some of those kind of things. And as the economy continues to improve, we'll come into play like the rest of the world. Merit increases in the recent years have been at lower levels than what we have typically done historically. And again, at some point, that probably starts to swing back in line. 
John Prim: Evan, this is Jack. I would say on the Banking side, it probably compares fairly consistently. On the Credit Union side, I would say, if anything, the win rate is probably increased at this point. 
John Prim: And if you saw an increase in the in-house backlog, it would be more likely to be coming from the Credit Union, simply because 90% or more of the deals that we do on the Banking side are outsource transactions, and we're somewhere in the neighborhood of 50% on the Credit Union side. So for that reason alone, I think if we were to see growth in the in-house backlog, it probably likely borrowing some kind of a onetime large banking transaction, it would be more likely to be coming from the Credit Unions. 
Tony Wormington: Thank you, Jack. We are pleased with the strong contributions in all components of support and services, which increased 6% over the prior year quarter and 5% fiscal year-to-date, and represents 88% of total revenue. The largest contributor to this was our electronic payments revenue, which grew 9% compared to the prior year quarter and 10% year-to-date, and represents 33% of total revenue. Another large contributor to this line is our software maintenance for our in-house customers, which increased 3% for the quarter and 2% year-to-date, and represents 29% of total revenue.  Our outsourced data and item processing services increased 4% for the quarter and year-to-date, and represents 18% of total revenue, which is driven by both new customers who preferred this delivery model, as well as the continued movement of our existing in-house customers electing to migrate to this service model.  In addition, our onetime implementation revenues increased 16% compared to prior year quarter and 2% year-to-date, and represents 7% of total revenue. Our demand for implementation services in all areas of the company remains strong.  Our electronic payment transaction volumes continue to experience solid growth. PassPort, ATM and debit processing volumes increased 13% over the prior year quarter. Bill payment transaction volumes increased 18.6% over the prior year quarter. Financial institution merchants installed and utilizing our Enterprise Payment Solutions increased over 37,500 merchants, representing a 10.6% increase compared to the prior year quarter. And, merchant-related transaction volumes increased 9.5% over the prior year quarter.  I would like to thank all of our customers for their business and their continued loyalty. And additionally, I would like to thank 4,700-plus associates for their hard work, dedication and loyalty to our company.  I'll now turn it over to Kevin for a further look at the numbers. 
Tony Wormington: This is Tony. I would tell you that we have had a number of renewals that happen on any given quarter basis and pricing pressures in a renewal deal are pretty strong, but they're also strong in competitive takeaways. We had hoped to see those pricing pressures subside a bit, but we're continuing to see them as strong as they have been in the past. 
Tony Wormington: So we've had success finding financial institutions already, and certainly, with some somewhat less concerned about bank survival and Durbin interchange impacts, I think that some spending is likely to continue to pick up, and again every survey would point you in that direction. I think that there is a fair amount, Tim, of looking at your electronic delivery channels in general. Your Internet, your Internet banking, your mobile and how all of that ties together. Again, we've got very significant penetration on the Banking side of our business with our Internet, and as a result mobile typically as well. The Credit Union side, as you know, we began offering our NetTeller Internet banking solution there about 2 years ago. We're seeing very strong adoption over there. A lot of refreshing of the electronic delivery channels appears to be taking place there. So the soul searching that you mentioned I think is largely going to be around electronic delivery channels, and in some cases, it may be around the core. Does the core interacting with the electronic delivery channels deliver the right kind of integrated solution to the end customer, the end member in the case of Credit Unions? So having said that, mobile, in and of itself, is not going to be a major revenue driver. The challenge with mobile is that's another -- yet another service that banks can't charge their customers for. They're pretty going to have to offer it for free. So if there's any reluctance to having mobile is the fact that it incurs cost and it's difficult for them to clearly see where there is revenue to be gained by doing it. So recognizing that, we've priced our mobile solutions to try to make it very attractive for a very fully featured system deliverable. But again, I think, where the potential upside comes from is people look at the refreshing of the entire electronic channel and/or in some cases, core to get to that integrated delivery is where there is probably a better opportunity. 
