David Foss: Peter, well, yes, thanks for the question, Pete. We don't - in the metrics that we use internally are not external metrics, so whenever I talk about year-over-year comparison or quarter-to-quarter comparison of the sales organization, it is comparing our performance to ourselves. There isn't an external number that I quote, but it is - the fourth quarter was significantly higher than the second quarter, which was a record. And then, of course, then for the year, it was significantly higher. The thing that I think it's important to note, I get the question once in a while as we set records, people assume that that's all tied to the core business and it's not. We have a number of other complementary solutions now that are really driving significant progress for Jack Henry. The other thing that's important to note is almost nothing that we sell today is the recognized - is the revenue recognized in the quarter that where we sell that deal are - oftentimes even in the next quarter. It's almost all recurring revenue, it's all layered in setting us up for continued growth into the future, which is what builds the confidence for meaning to say, in top-line revenue growth, 7% to 8% for the foreseeable future. That's because we have so much visibility into all these deals that are being layered onto the recurring revenue stack that we already have. So the best I can do Pete and I'm not trying to be evasive, but the best I can do is just say using the internal metrics that we use, it was a significant increase in Q4 over any of the other quarters that we've ever experienced at Jack Henry.
David Foss: And you may - just to chime in Pete, you may recall, we had done this twice before - since I've been at Jack Henry anyway, twice before, this has been a very successful exercise for us in the past and not only giving - rewarding people who have been here for a long time but also creating opportunities for people to move up in the organization. And so we expect that same level of success with the program this time.
David Foss: Thanks, Dan. It is - that's an interesting time in our environment and I know many of you follow the segment very closely. As far as Jack Henry has positioned or how we're positioned today, we're well-known as being very focused in our space and I think that's getting us - that's getting us a lot of attention right now. And when I say focused on our space, I mean, being a well-rounded technology provider to financial institutions in the United States and we're not in the merchant acquiring business. We're not doing other things. We are focused on the needs of those customers that we have served traditionally and we continue to serve the community and regional banks, credit unions that you all know. And so, if you put that together with the customer service reputation that we have at Jack Henry and the innovative things that we're doing now, I just talked about in the script, the new products that we're rolling out here that we've - couple of them now the summer and a couple more yet to come this year. The settling-in of the technology modernization story I started talking about that in February of last year. But over the course of the year, people have really had a chance to absorb that and understand how differentiated it is what Jack Henry is doing as compared to anybody else in our space has differentiated that solution will be and we're not fully in market yet, but I think when you roll all those things together, Jack Henry has this positioning now, that is - that's really credible as far as our potential customers and existing customers are concerned. Now it is still - for banks and credit unions, making a major change in technology is still a very hard decision. So it's not like people are rushing to our doors and ready to sign-up with Jack Henry, but there's kind of this really nice slow steady movement towards Jack Henry because of all of those things and I think they have all really helped draw a bright line between what Jack Henry is doing and what anybody else in our space is doing and people are recognizing that.
David Foss: Yes, Vasu, I'm happy to talk about it although Greg is sitting here. I'll ask Greg to chime in. So first off, I think for most community regional banks and credit unions, for most of them, they are talking about it, thinking about trying to figure out how does this play into what they do. But, I don't know of many that have a defined strategy today. They're still trying to figure out, is this a good thing or a - or potentially risks their environment. As for Jack Henry, so if you think about AI, it's important, I think, to include in that broader conversation, the idea of machine learning and robotic process automation, which Jack Henry - all three of those areas, Jack Henry has been in that business for a long-time. So you look at several of the solutions that we offer today, we have those types of technologies embedded in those solutions. I know when people talk AI today, it's usually about ChatGPT and about the idea of using it to write software and all that kind of stuff and we're certainly investigating those things. But we have been in this space for quite some time and leveraging these tools for some time. And I'll ask Greg to kind of share with you some of the detail around some of those things that we already do and that we're working on today.
David Foss: Yes, JD. I would say the competitive environment is probably the best it's been for quite a while. It's not that, as I said before, it's not that people are rushing into the door at Jack Henry and, say, let me in, I want to sign a - I can sign the contract, but we certainly saw no negative impacts during all the flurry of activity here back-in March with the shutdowns of some of those specialized regional banks that did not slow us down at all. I don't know that I would attribute a pickup in sales activity to anything to do with that. What I think is driving this is, and we just published our benchmark survey a month ago or so, and it was very clear in that survey, which by the way available online on jackhenry.com, it was very clear in that survey that customers today are looking for technology to help with revenue growth, deposit growth, and efficiency. Those are the three, by far, the three top areas of concern. Well, if you're looking to grow revenue, meaning deposit - or deposit, sorry, it was deposit growth, loan growth, and efficiency. If you're looking to grow deposits, you're not hoping that people will come into your branch and open a new account, they're going to do that online. How do you do that? Technology from Jack Henry. If you're looking to grow a loan volume in the commercial lending space are these small-business borrowers wanting to drive to your branch and sit down and talk, you know, they're looking online for those funding sources? Jack Henry provides that technology. If you're looking for efficiency in the back-office, is that just process re-engineering, it might be, but oftentimes process re-engineering involves technology. We have those tools. And so given those three major focuses for CEOs today, Bank and Credit Union, Jack Henry provides solutions to all of those problems that they're facing. And as I mentioned earlier, we are known in our space as the most focused on these concerns that our customers have. We only focus on serving financial institutions in the domestic US market and we have tied that together with the reputation for service and for being a great partner. I think all of those things together are what's driving the key interest in Jack Henry. But then as you point out, the competitive environment today, probably, better than it's been in a very long-time and we're taking advantage of that as much as we can.
David Foss: Yes, Dominick, I still have that same general expectation, but around one week, so, 1-ish week, I think is a good pace for us. We have definitely been moving up in size over the last several years, and so, I think the expectation that we would have more of those larger institutions is a reasonable expectation. So I think more of the same as what you should expect in the future. Now we'll see what happens with the competitive environment, whether or not it creates more opportunity than we've been seeing in the past to do core replacements, but I think the assumption - that is a reasonable assumption right now is that 1-ish a week that we've been running at for quite some time.
David Foss: Yes. So thanks, Cris, and I - many of you know that that's a topic that I've been really interested in for quite some time. It was one of the reasons for the Payrailz acquisition. It wasn't a driver certainly but because Payrailz had that technology included, no customers live, nobody up and running, but it is an opportunity I think for us in the long term. So as we look at that business and I'll ask Greg to chime in here and describe a little bit more, but the key thing for me is, as we think about that business, as we move into that business in the future, we want to make sure that it's a business where we can work through our customers, not compete with our customers. Meaning, go to a bank or even a Credit Union for some of these smaller institutions that are bank by Credit Union, go to the bank and work through them to serve their small-medium business customers with that type of technology and I'll ask Greg to clarify some of that or chime in.
Mimi Carsley: That is correct. You heard it correctly. It will all occur in Q1 and it is an estimate. We are just kind of very at the tip of that program in terms of knowing the participation rate, but we do feel good about the estimate which is a little different than the last time we had the program in 2018, because by this point, people have kind of acknowledge their desire to participate, but all of that is already included in our guidance.
Mimi Carsley: I can take that question. Thanks, Nik. So, no, I would say, overall, it's a continuation of a strong product lineup as Dave mentioned, a robust pipeline there was if anything lower convert merge activity in our space. But overall, it was just continuing to be driven by cloud strong being continue to be driven by just implementation timing and the size of those kind of clients. So it is a little variable from quarter to quarter but overall, core had strong quarters throughout the year of FY '23.
Mimi Carsley: We don't provide at the segment level guidance, but we can kind of follow-up that I would say, it's consistent with both the growth algorithm and the revenue growth for FY '23, we would say is consistent for '24 trends.
Mimi Carsley: Thank you, Rayna. So, we tried to clarify both the impact for short-term guidance as well as long-term sustainability of guidance. So, for FY '24, you're correct. We're giving guidance about 20 basis points to 25 basis points. There's a little bit of a headwind from the bonus because the bonus was lower in 2023 restarting the clock at 100% accruals. There is a bit of a headwind, about a $6 million headwind from just both the growth and the refilling if you will of that bonus pool. There's also some third-party renewals and continued investment in areas like cyber and security compensation. So all of those are drivers to both 2024, but longer-term, we definitely see the sustainability of 20 bps to 40 bps of margin.
Mimi Carsley: Yes. So on free cash flow, Rayna, I'd really recommend looking on an annual basis versus quarterly, because there can just be some, like, seasonality bids and, you know, with prepaid changing and just the timing of when we - even sometimes impacting annual based on the annual maintenance bills that go out in the summer-time, sometimes people pay in June, sometimes they pay in July, and so sometimes that can have a year-over-year impact, but we did have some noteworthy kind of headwind in 2023 from a free cash flow and free cash flow conversion. In particular, the largest being that change in the tax legislation around the deductibility of development-related expenses led to a $90 million cash tax payment. Now that doesn't go away in '24, that will still stay at a somewhat elevated level. Over the five years that does kind of reverse course but that will continue to present some headwind to '24 and beyond kind of near-term free cash flow. If I think about kind of a walk on the free cash flow and the free cash flow conversion for 2023, if deconversion revenue were about the same as '22, that's about, call it, roughly $20 million. There is asset sales and then the $90 million of taxes, you get to - closer to like a $280 million to $290 million of free cash, which would have been more of a round free cash flow conversion of about 85% versus the reported 55%.
Mimi Carsley: Thanks, Dan. Appreciate the question. Unfortunately, as we said, we just signed some final agreements. It's still early days. We're working with our managers to be diligent to be thoughtful about those positions. We do expect a small amount of net savings, but we're not doing this just as the savings program. As Dave said, this is part of our culture and this is a great way to just retain talent, grow talent. And so it is not part of our guidance in terms of in-year savings. We're being conservative at this point.
Mimi Carsley: Thank you, Vasu, for the question. I think, a part of it is what is normal, and the last several years have been, some ups and downs. We got great benefits from really the COVID-related lack of travel, some - then we saw some of the great recession, now we've seen inflation, so some of that is really modeling out what is to be expected from just the ongoing engine of the business. We're continuing to see, even though CPI and inflation is subsiding, we're continuing to see wage-related, employee-related, benefits cost, insurance costs, third-party renewal costs, continued investment in fiber, and so. You know, I think there is continued opportunity for margin expansion through the migration to cloud from on-prem hopefully through continued exciting products that we have, including our tech modernization. But at this point, probably safer to say 20 basis points to 40 basis points in the very near term.
Mimi Carsley: Thank you, Jason. So yes, for FY '24, we are giving guidance of 60% that does incorporate the sustained higher cash tax levels related to the Section 174 legislative change. It does reverse, so to speak, over the five-year period and kind of neutralizes itself as higher cash upfront less later on. We're continuing to do analysis on the long-term, what is the target. As we shift our business model from severance, several years ago, when we are more of a license and maintenance model and targeted 100%, but now it's more of a SaaS model. You have less dollars every year from an annual maintenance perspective and more of a continual - from a revenue recognition, long-term contracts basis. So between that and our capital spend and looking at all of the drivers of free cash flow, we're thinking about what is the appropriate target to have and will share with you that. I would say it's likely to be over, you know, the FY '24 guidance, but, we - it's a little early to say. But, I think the long-term drivers are certainly better than the FY '23 free cash flow story.
Mimi Carsley: Yes. Yes, happy to add a little color to that. So yes, as we gave guidance, we wanted to be - normally we're not in the market of giving real specific Q1 guidance, but we wanted to make sure because Q1 is, you know, I would say modestly lower than the full year. We wanted it to be more specific to be helpful to you all. So Q1 will be the lowest quarter, significantly I would say relatively since we're tracking kind of six-handle versus it's the full-year of 7% to 8%. But the Q2 will be more, I think, in line with the average for the growth for the year as well Q3 and then Q4 usually is a little bit higher than that.
Mimi Carsley: You know, sometimes it's just the comps based on prior year, sometimes, it's just the seasonality of when implementations happen or product releases in any particular year, but historically Q1 has always been our lowest quarter and Q4 has always been our highest quarter. That's just the seasonality of our business.
Mimi Carsley: Yes, thanks, JD. So if I understand the question correctly, as it pertains to FY '24, so, the $6 million that I referenced is both have blended just the natural annual growth based on merit and hiring, et cetera, about 50% of it, and the other 50% is based on the change from FY '23 is lower bonus payment to the full replenishment, if you will, in FY '24. We at the moment, we have nothing baked-in from a savings perspective into the guidance related to the VEDIP program for 2024.
Mimi Carsley: Yes. I would say, you know, we're continuing to be mindful and thoughtful on headcount increases. I would say, it's been very modest across the board where we've had more concentration in the development engineering folks, the call center folks, client-facing. But for the rest of the organization, we've really been scaling back and being thoughtful on the growth. Part of that Dom is, salaries and benefits increasing, you know, with market. Part of that is also the labor cost deferral as some of these products now come online and amortization you start to see at some of these products and/or now GA and in the market. So, we can provide probably more color later, but that's at a high level the way I would guide you towards.
Mimi Carsley: Sure, Cris. So I think the drivers of margin expansion are similar to what they've been historically. You have the tailwind of the on-premise to cloud migration. We expect after that, there are also be people leapfrogging to the public cloud. So even though we're at roughly 70% on the hosted environment, there is more it's just has been a stable clip every year of continuing and Dave talked about some of those wind counts of continued migrations. And then some of those people will migrate to public cloud and then will leapfrog straight to public cloud. So that certainly at attractive margins. I think some of the things we're doing around the development approach will also lead to margin savings using the origin and tech modernization, common components, common workflows, common testing, Greg's organization has done just an amazing job to think through really streamlining that our approach to engineering and I think that will also lead to some longer-term benefits for our organization. I would also categorize, like, the current, call it, last, you know, couple of years and next couple of years is, a rebuild in terms of setting us for the future. A lot of the development work we're doing, a lot of the infrastructure work we're doing, even on Culture and Development, I think about my own team in finance putting in some tools and systems that will allow us to support the business as it scales. So, I think those investments will eventually kind of tail off now and will go to zero. Now we will continue to invest in cyber and security every year to fortify our infrastructure and that of our clients, but I do think in general, we will start to flatten out on some of these, but some of it is a question because we do have a lot of third-party relationships and so not all of our costs are within our own control. So that is sending a bit of a headwind in the near-term and unknown in terms of, like, the longer-term on that.
Mimi Carsley: Thanks, Ken, for the question. So I would say at a high level, as people can migrate from on-prem to cloud, they do so at essentially like a net neutral to the FI institution, but a much higher revenue to Jack Henry. And you might say why are they paying us more of that on that, it's because they are now saving from having to support their whole - own infrastructure, their own security, their own staffing. And so it's a way for the FI to focus on their core value of engaging and serving their account holders and members and allowing us to help them with this element. When that happens, it's a very minimal infrastructure additive infrastructure and people-related costs. Yes, every once in a while you'll need a new rack or new server, but more so that it have comes at a very healthy margin. So that's been a tailwind, that's been occurring for many years, we expect it to still have probably a seven-year to eight-year runway. And then on top of that, we'll see how the pace of moving to the public cloud and continues to improve that or leapfrog that as I said previously. So that helps from a margin perspective, you will continue to see us invest in maintaining and upgrading our own data centers - potential data center we have with partners. You'll see some of that cap spend, kind of, for example, next year, that's part of our free cash flow. There should be roughly probably $20 million in data center-related infrastructure that we're doing. So you'll see that probably in chunkiness of times when we're doing a big overhaul or move of a data center, but the year-in year-out is a modest investment.
Mimi Carsley: Yes. And, I would just add for just a little bit more color there. For FY '23, headcount increased around 3% and if you take Payrailz out of it, it was a 2% growth. So while we are very selective in making investments in our people and hiring, it's not been a large number.
Gregory Adelson: Yes, so just to add to that, Vasu, I think a couple of key things. So on the robotic process improvement, our automation side, we're using that in our continuous improvement initiatives. So all the things that we're doing around the company to improve processes, put things in place that where there could be automated, we're using that type of technology to help there, couple of our key products that Dave has already mentioned on the call, but what we're doing in our Financial Crimes Defender has significant artificial intelligence components to it, things that we've done in our pay center offering and what we do to fight fraud in that world as well as that. So, our CTO office in many of us across the organization are working together to evaluate some of the key players in the space. We really think the FinTech world is going to grow significantly in this space over the coming years. And so we're spending a lot of time looking at those companies for opportunities to partner and-or other things in the future.
Gregory Adelson: Yes, sure. So there's a couple of things. So one, as Dave mentioned, we do have some assets today that give us a little bit of opportunity in the B2B space, but to your point, Cris, this has been a strategic endeavor of ours. We're actually very close to releasing some key assets that we think are going to be part of this strategy, we've been building some things in the background. So we're not ready to fully unleash it at this point in time, but I can tell you it is top-of-mind and we think much less Dave just described that the way we will be able to do this is through the institutions, you'd leveraging some of our digital tools, some of our payment assets, and things like that that have already been created to go out into the market. So, there'll be more news on that in the upcoming months.
Gregory Adelson: Yes. I think I'll add. So I think we zero-base every role that we have and we will do the exact same that we do here. So basically, looking at the role of determining its value for the future. Again, as Dave mentioned, a lot of these opportunities are going to create levels of folks that will be able to move up in the organization and we may not need to backfill that particular position. There could be opportunities where we actually move those positions over to other roles that are growing our businesses that are growing and taking those resources that way. So there's a lot of that evaluation that's going on as we speak and it has been mentioned, but the ideal goal is that we would have some opportunity there to improve our headcount and in some cases, less than the headcount, but we're very diligent in that process at all times again we zero-base every single role.
