Kevin D. Williams: Thank you, Latoya. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for the Jack Henry & Associates First Quarter Fiscal 2014 Conference Call. I'm Kevin Williams, CFO, and on the call with me today are Jack Prim, CEO; and Tony Wormington, President. The agenda for the call this morning will be as follows. Jack will start with an overview of the quarter from his perspective. Tony will then provide some operational highlights of the quarter, and then I'll provide some additional comments regarding the press release that we put out yesterday after market close. Then we will open up the lines for Q&A. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties. And the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our recently filed 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I will now turn the call over to Jack Prim.
Kevin D. Williams: Yes, they were record levels, and I'll tell you that the license revenue within Credit Unions was pretty comparable where it was last year. The big driving force was in the support and services, where I believe we had a record for implementation services because there's just an enormous amount of activity going on in the Credit Union space right now. So that, obviously, any time you get higher implementation revenue from the resources, that's going to have a significant impact on margins. But also just the increase in our maintenance data centers and electronic payments, both on those sides are both in the double digits as well in revenue growth. So all of those are going to drive the margin. So are they sustainable at 47%, Glenn? Probably not, but I think they probably will stay in the 45% to 47% range for the year.
Kevin D. Williams: If you remember, Glenn, last quarter, we talked about some unusual onetime events that happened in the quarter, which really drove the growth in that quarter. This quarter, I think is probably more of a norm. There was some termination fees in there, but it was like $800,000 or more than it was last year, so very little impact on it. I mean, like, it would have impacted down to a 13% growth to 14% growth. So I think it's pretty much a more normalized growth rate that we're seeing this quarter, which is due to a couple of things. I mean, one, 96% of all of our new core bank deals last year went outsourcing. Out of 24 new deals, 23 went outsourcing. On the bank side, close to 50% of the new core deals, out of 35 of them, roughly half of them went outsourcing. Plus, we had 50 existing in-house customers last year who decided to go to outsourcing. So all of those things are continuing to drive the growth more into outsourcing. And to be quite honest, I'm pleased that our in-house maintenance continues to grow even at 2% clip with some of the headwinds that we're seeing from all of our banks and Credit Union customers without having to commit [ph] to outsourcing.
Kevin D. Williams: Peter, I'm trying to remember. I think we still got a little bit of work to do on that -- on the data center migration for bill pay. We've got several data center migrations that we're in the middle of doing right now. Some of those have been completed. And we did a number on the item processing side of our business. Those are complete. We've got several more in the queue. I think we've got a little more work to do on the bill pay data center conversion.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, probably the biggest one, Pete, is -- well, it's actually really 2 really big ones. One of those experienced on the bank side, which we are now in -- I think release 3 will be coming out the first part of next year, which will be the last really big one, and these just coming out in our normal annual releases, Pete. So there's no -- it's not like we're building it all up and it's all going to dump out at one time. These are complete rewrites of the user interface for our core and all of our complementary products, and it's going out in piecemeal. So like the first piece was like some tools behind the scene. The second piece was core and our CRM solution and finances and some of our other products. And then this first release was going to entail a whole bunch more of our complementary products since they all look and feel the same, which kind of changes our support methodology. But that is a big one, and there's probably about 1 more year of that one. The other one is kind of the technology upgrade for Episys, which that is a -- that's a 6-year project. I think we're 3 years into it. So there's probably another 3 years or so on that one, and, again, that one's going to come out just in annual releases. So it's not going to be a -- this huge, great, big, new product, but it's allowing us to continue winning new deals. I mean, I will tell you that the technology roadmap that we laid out for Episys is why we were able to get American Airlines Credit Union to convert over us, which is over a $6 billion credit union. If we would not have had that technology roadmap, I'm not sure we would have gotten them. So it -- these are huge projects that are ongoing. I will tell you there's an enormous amount of development going on in everything mobile right now. So I don't know when developments are ever going to stop, Pete, because we just got to continue providing additional new products for all of our customers.
Kevin D. Williams: No, there we're not. We are in some negotiations with them, so there could potentially be some in this next quarter. I am still negotiating with them, but there is also nothing built into the guidance I've provided either. So if we do get some, it will be a onetime hit.
Kevin D. Williams: Cap software, as I said in my opening comments, for the quarter was $14.1 million compared to $11.7 million last year. So this quarter is -- somewhere in between those 2 is probably a reasonable run rate for the year. It's probably going to end up somewhere around $52 million for the year in total cap software.
Kevin D. Williams: Yes, and one more comment, Brett. I mean, if you think about when we did iPay, we did pay 16x trailing EBITDA, but their EBITDA was also growing at 43%. So there's a number of factors you have to look at other than just an EBITDA multiple when you're looking at an acquisition of a payment-cycle-related company versus a core, as Jack mentioned.
Kevin D. Williams: Yes, I think what we're seeing now is more of the resurgence of the typical M&A activity, which is kind of replacing some of the headwinds that we saw from the other. But that's more of a typical 3% or 4% consolidation that we've seen since the '80s.
Kevin D. Williams: Because as I said, Dave, there was enough interest reimbursements and some unusual onetime revenue hits that we got last year that it essentially offset the Lyndhurst impact or within a couple of million dollars of it. So for the full fiscal year, the -- if you took all of onetime, put them together, it wasn't a huge impact on our margins.
Kevin D. Williams: It was a little higher this quarter, Dave, and that's something that we have always kind of had out there, but our auditors thought that we should disclose that. So that's kind of a new thing, and it was a little higher this quarter. But it'll be an ongoing disclosure item going forward now.
John F. Prim: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call for fiscal year 2014. We are pleased to be able to report a very solid performance for the quarter. We saw a balanced performance, with continued strong sales across all brands driving 9% organic revenue growth and leading to a record revenue backlog. Our payments businesses continued to grow above industry average growth rates. Strong execution and expense control allowed us to expand our gross and operating margins nicely. Based on discussions with bank and Credit Union customers at our recent user conferences, we continue to believe that we will see slow but steady improvement in the economy in their businesses and, consequently, in our own. It was a good start to the year. We look forward to continued progress. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tony to provide some additional information on the business.
John F. Prim: Yes, Dan. This is Jack. Certainly, we have a number of branch automation solutions, whether it's teller automation or account-opening automation solutions. Most of the financial institutions have some type of a system in place for that. I think most of the talk around branch transformation really has more to do with the layout of their branches, the utilization of their staff typically empowering -- so rather than just have a traditional teller, there -- they might have somebody with a lot more ability to handle multiple issues, possibly make small loans up to a certain amount, those kind of things. So I think it's more of a branch reconfiguration typically into smaller space and redeployment of staff. There's some technology in some cases that's used, where somebody can kind of do self-service via video, kiosk or screen of some type back to a remote call center. So again, from the standpoint of a lot of additional upside in terms of additional product sales that we would have to facilitate that, the -- they're currently using the -- our products that would help to automate branches just -- probably just reconfigure and deploy them in a slightly different way.
John F. Prim: Yes, Dan, we -- look, I would tell you that the crediting side of the business has been pretty frothy for a couple of years and remains at comparable levels to what we have seen. So I wouldn't say that it's picking up over there, but it's a nice environment there. I think it's tough to draw too much of a conclusion from a single quarter. I would tell you that if you could draw a conclusion from a single quarter, this first quarter on the banking side for us would indicate that yes, we think there's maybe a bit of pickup. But I'm a little reluctant to, as I said, take one quarter and project that out for a full year or longer. I think we're definitely seeing some activity, feel like we're very well positioned to compete if decisions do pick up. And there may be some substance to that feeling that it's picking up, but it's a little early to make that call, in my opinion.
John F. Prim: Yes. Dan, we certainly have -- there's been a fair amount of M&A activity in at least the last year, and we've looked at probably all of the significant deals that took place. The challenge for us is that those acquisitions solve a different problem for somebody else than they do for us. And apparently, that problem was -- that enabled them to pay considerably more money for some of those acquisitions than we felt like they would be worth to our company. We continue to be interested in acquisitions. Again, we're not -- we have a history typically of not overpaying for acquisitions. If we can find something that delivers the right capabilities at a reasonable price, we'll do that. If we're not able to do that, as always, we'll redeploy that cash in the form of dividends and share repurchases. I would say that whether it's investing in additional mobile capabilities or looking at acquisitions in that area, that is certainly something that we are receptive to. But again, nothing concrete that I could talk about today.
John F. Prim: Glenn, I would say that it's maybe a little more competitive. I think the focus has been on going back to the customers that had signed up for the now discontinued system and convincing them to move to the open offering. So I think there's been a fair amount of activity in that area. Not a lot of new wins that I'm aware of that weren't part of the family, one family or the other. But again, our activity remains quite high over there. We feel good about the -- some of the opportunities that we're currently engaged in. Certainly, I think that it likely will become more competitive once the integration of the 2 companies is done and the story is more clear. But so far, we're still doing quite well in this segment.
John F. Prim: Well, Tim, the adoption rates are going to be lower in a typical community financial institution compared to what you're going to have at some of the large institutions like Wells Fargo, Bank of America. Now I think that some of the reason why we're seeing really solid growth rate is in -- is growing user adoption and better utilization of bill payment. We are continuing to add new financial institutions to our bill pay product. I think in the credit union industry, it's probably 95-plus percent of credit unions have a bill payment solution. It's probably low 90 percentile on the banking side. But there is a reasonable amount of churn out there. Remember, that we not only market our bill pay solution to our own customers and to other customers -- other core customers directly, but we have a number of partners, whether they're Internet banking providers or other core system providers, that don't have their own bill payment system that are partnered with us and market our solution to their financial institution customers. So we gain customers, new financial institutions replacing other bill payment solutions via that channel as well. So we think there's still very solid growth opportunities for us in the bill payment market.
John F. Prim: Yes, it's a good question, Tim. I don't know that I can quote you any kind of accurate numbers off the top of my head. But I do think in a ballpark kind of an estimate, if you look at our top performers, to say that the average performer is potentially at half that rate is probably not much of a stretch to believe that, that would be the case.
John F. Prim: Yes, I think it's a combination of both, Tim. I mean, our payments business, as you know, is over a $400 million-a-year business, and there's obviously a lot of talk around emerging payments and new payment forms. So I think it's a combination of wanting to make sure, given the size and the growth rate and the future potential of that business, that we had folks helping us make the right kinds of decisions about areas of payments that we should be in, shouldn't be in and basically bring us a very deep industry perspective, which Laura Kelly and Tom Wimsett both do.
John F. Prim: Well, I would not disagree with your assessment, for starters. Yes, I think, Brett, we just kind of tend to look at the individual opportunity and what we felt like it was going to do for us near term and long term. Would we pay up for a payments business as we did with iPay that we thought had the right long-term potential? Yes. Would it potentially be at a multiple that would seem somewhat out of bounds for the kind of multiple where we would have -- let's say if we were looking at an acquisition of another core processor, there's no way the multiples that we would pay for any core processor out there would be anywhere close to the multiples that you're likely to get for, frankly, a mediocre payments company or particularly in the mobile arena in any event. So yes, I think we would look at those on a case-by-case basis. If we felt like there was something there that offered us good long-term potential and we had to pay up for it, we would explain that at the time of acquisition as to why we did it and go forward from there. But would not shy away from an acquisition solely for high valuation and particularly in that arena, that arena being mobile.
John F. Prim: Brett, I would say that we did not see them that often, and I don't know of any reason why that would change the -- I don't think the ownership of HFS was a problem per se or a problem that's been resolved. So I think we'll see them out there occasionally, but they are not the folks that we are going to be running into on a more frequent basis.
John F. Prim: I think we've probably lapped most of that, but again, we had at a fairly sizable customer last quarter, I think it was, that failed, a $3.5 billion bank. Those hurt, but I think, by and large, we're most of the way through that at this point, Brett.
