Kevin D. Williams: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for the Jack Henry & Associates second quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings call. I am Kevin Williams, CFO, and on the call with me today is, David Foss, our President and CEO. The agenda for the call this morning, in a minute, I'll turn it over to Dave to provide some of his thoughts about the business, industry, and performance of the quarter. And then, I'll provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday after market closed, and I'll update guidance for FY 2017 and then, we will open the lines up for questions. I need to remind you the remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends, or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release, and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. I'll now turn the call over to, Dave.
Kevin D. Williams: Not really, Brett. I mean, a couple of things, I mean, one, obviously outsourcing continues to be extremely strong. It's 18% for the quarter in the Banking segment, which if you back out the deconversion fees, it is still 13% or 14%, and that's becoming a larger part of our business. Payments in the Banking side was up nicely, it was up 8% or 9% for the quarter, just good performance, just overall strong – and then, obviously, bundled services was up a little bit in the Banking segment. I mean, that just comes from the delivery of the final product in a bundled arrangement.
Kevin D. Williams: The other thing that will be interesting, Kartik is, depending on which regulations get eased, if it becomes less burdensome for a bank to break the $10 billion threshold, I mean, there's a lot of mid-tier banks out there that have held back because they didn't want to pass over that threshold unless they could jump way over it. So depending on the regulations that – it could change some of that, I think, thought process out there too.
Kevin D. Williams: It's probably about the same, Kartik, I mean, our banks are buying just like other vendors are buying ours. We've gotten pretty good at winning some mergers, even though, we were not the incumbent from the acquirer, which – that has helped on – especially on some mid-tier deals. And then also, as we've gotten more and more of our FIs that are now outsourced, when they are the acquirers, that's a nice uptick in revenue where if an in-house customer buys another FI, we don't see much impact. So it's kind of been net neutral, I mean, obviously the two large ones we lost last year, so we felt both of those, but all-in-all, it's pretty much just business as usual.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, I mean I always start with, we'd love to do an acquisition, we continue to look for them out there. I actually talked to a banker earlier this week, an investment banker, and he thinks that there's probably going to be some properties come out this year, so obviously we'll continue to look for those. We think that, that's the best way to get return for our shareholders to do the right acquisition. Barring that, we'll continue to look at the stock buybacks when it makes sense, we'll also look to continue increasing dividends, which I'm sure this will be a topic for our Board Meeting later this week.
Kevin D. Williams: I don't know that you've seen most of the margin shift. I mean, one thing I'll say, I mean, I think that they're going to continue to spend more on digital and on mobile, which obviously there's some good margins there. One of the byproducts of ease in regulations is our R&D resources can be used to develop products that we can actually sell and make revenue rather than spending all the time, making sure we're compliant with new regulations. So that potentially drives some margin down the road, it won't immediately as we have additional products to sell. But I don't know that we'll see much of this, I mean, maybe a little as they move into different areas, but I just don't see – I don't think you'll see it in our financials.
Kevin D. Williams: That there's a lot of excitement about that, and mobile's been around for a while. And so, to come out with this new solution and to see the excitement we've seen around that, has been very exciting.
Kevin D. Williams: And let me just point out, when we talked about Susquehanna, not only were they a good contributor of revenue, but we also had a huge early deconversion fee from them in this quarter last year, which is why we predicted deconversion fees will be down for the quarter. Susquehanna, their total revenue was less than 1%, which is spread across a lot of different revenue lines. So for them – to just losing them to see a significant uptick in payments, you're not going to see it, it was just kind of an overall drag on our revenue.
Kevin D. Williams: There's couple of things, one very good cost control on that side, and very good – we got rid of some contractors, and did some different things over there, but then also probably one of the biggest things was our card pass through costs were significantly lower this quarter than were a year ago quarter, and that's the EMV cards that we passed through, which obviously we have very little margin on those, so that was one of the big drivers.
Kevin D. Williams: No change. Basically, Glenn, I mean, revenue is going to grow, because the headwinds of Alogent is going to grow 4% to 4.5% for Q3, and we're comfortable with the consensus estimate of $0.72 out there, right now.
Kevin D. Williams: No. I mean, the biggest headwind, Glenn, is still the Alogent revenue that we had in the second half of last year that is not there this year. Then also the loss of CIT in May last year, we lost that revenue, and also the deconversion fees from that, that was in Q4.
David B. Foss: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report another strong operating quarter with record revenue and operating income. As in the past, I'd like to begin today by thanking our associates for all the hard work that went into producing those results for our second fiscal quarter. As we discussed in the previous call, we divested our Alogent division at the end of last fiscal year, and we still had Susquehanna in the mix through November. So the comparable quarter includes a slight headwind for revenue growth. Despite that headwind, total revenue increased 5% for the quarter, organic revenue growth was 7% for the quarter. In line with the guidance we have provided on previous calls, our payments businesses posted a 5% increase in revenue, excluding the impact of deconversion fees. Our outsourcing and cloud revenue growth for the quarter was 17%, and if you exclude the impact of deconversion fees from both quarters, we saw a very solid 13% increase. Our sales team saw a good success in the quarter with a few of the strategic solutions we've discussed in the past. They signed 11 new Hosted Network Services or HNS deals in the quarter, which is almost as many as they signed in all of FY 2016. Additionally, they signed 27 Banno Mobile contracts, and secured the first agreements for our new treasury management solution, and our new enterprise risk mitigation solution. As I mentioned in the press release, 2016 was our 40th anniversary year, and we hosted a number of events throughout the year to celebrate that milestone with our associates, customers, and partners. We cap that year of celebration with a bell-ringing event at NASDAQ in November. Thank you again, to all those who helped us celebrate this significant anniversary. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin for some detail on the numbers.
David B. Foss: Sure. We actually highlighted two different solutions at the Analyst Day. So we have a cash management solution and a treasury management solution. Our corporate cash management solution designed for mid-sized businesses, treasury management designed for larger businesses, pretty different as far as functionality and pricing model, and all that kind of stuff. We rolled out the cash management application last – six months ago or so. I think, we have 29 or 30 contracts signed there already on the cash management solution, again designed for mid-sized businesses. Treasury management is a big deal for us, because we started that from scratch, and we were trying to figure out how to address the needs of the larger customers out there, not just our core customers, but this will be a ProfitStars solution, so we can go, sell to any of the larger core customers, and there is – and what drove us to do that was a recognition in the – mid-tier banking space meaning $1 billion to $30 billion space that there weren't great solutions out there to be had, and there is a demand for that type of industry-leading kind of newer technology solution, so we started that initiative a couple of years ago. As I mentioned, we just signed our first customer. We won't go live for few months here, but we're getting some very good feedback, and lot of discussions going on around that product today, so I think there is definitely demand out there. There are several products out there in the treasury management space. Most of them have been around for quite a while, and that's where this demand is coming from, with banks focusing more intently on developing commercial customer relationships, particularly with the larger commercial customers. There is a demand for that solution.
David B. Foss: The conversation has definitely been interesting lately, I don't know that we've seen any significant changes yet, as far as indications on spending, I will point out that, just yesterday, I got the latest Cornerstone Advisors' note, I forget the title, oh, What's Going on in Banking. And in that, they surveyed 301 bank and credit union executives in December, so it's new news, it's post-election, and they highlighted exactly what we've been hearing that the banks in particular, and credit unions for that matter perceiving an improving economy in 2017, rising interest rates, so I think everybody is tuned into, regulatory rollbacks are expected, how extreme or how deep those will go, nobody knows. I think, the focus of the conversation right now has been around bankers' desire for just some clarity, there's so much speculation, so much debate about what might happen, they're looking for some clarity right now. But generally, the feeling is pretty good about 2017, and what the impact of the new administration will have on banks in general.
David B. Foss: Yeah, there's two sides of that coin, it's a good question, and it's one that we kind of debate a lot with different bankers out there, because on the one side, if there is a reduction in regulation and interest rates go up, it's – maybe more a fun to be a banker in 2017, and so you may see some bankers continue to stay, who maybe were thinking about selling. The other side of that coin is, bank stocks are up overall, and this idea that it's a good time to be in banking may drive more acquisition on the flipside of that, just because bank stocks are up, I'm looking to cash in, sell my bank and there are plenty of acquisitive mid-tier banks in particular out there. So I don't know that I expect any great change in 2017 on the M&A front. But it is an interesting time right now, because of this perception that it will be a better year to be in banking in 2017.
David B. Foss: I think, Kartik, let me highlight one thing that Kevin said there, I don't recall that we've talked about this in the past, but he referenced winning a merger, we actually call win a merger, that's been a successful strategy for us, so you have an acquirer who's running somebody else's core, acquiring one of our banks and we get into the mix and convince the acquirer to convert to the acquiree's core system which is a Jack Henry core system. So that kind of helps us offset some of those potential losses when we can win a merger.
David B. Foss: Yeah. I had actually talked about in my opening comments. We signed 11 in the quarter, which – and I compare that to all of FY 2016, so we signed almost as many in the quarter as we signed in all of FY 2016. So definitely some uptick there, and in fact, we signed two non-Jack Henry core customers, so like we've done with some other solutions, we start out inside the Jack Henry core base with the intent of delivering eventually as a ProfitStars solution, meaning we sell to any core customer, so we signed two non-Jack Henry cores in the quarter and nine Jack Henry cores in the quarter, we have 30 FIs live, so a combination of banks and credit unions, and what we're finding is, it's been really interesting. A lot of our customers will sign with part of their network infrastructure and kind of see how it goes and get used to the idea of outsourcing, then they'll come back and say, okay, now we want to add the rest, or you know we want to add another component. So a good traction on that front.
David B. Foss: Well, depending on the product that we roll out, Tim, the buyer for the product we roll out can vary dramatically sometimes, right? So the buyer for a treasury management solution is very different from the buyer for a risk or HNS for example. So it's a little bit hard to kind of compare and contrast. But specific to treasury management, there is some real – 2017, treasury management's been around forever. I never imagined that I'd be sitting here talking about a newly-developed treasury management solution. But there is this angst or concern out there that most of the solutions have been around for quite a while, technology is a little aged, which means it's not making it – the technology they're running today isn't making it easier for the commercial business, and so our bankers in this day of – everything, everywhere, on every platform, our bankers are looking for solutions that they can put in the hands of their larger commercial customers that will make their life easier, the commercial customers' life easier and they believe just knowing what's going on in technology today, that there are opportunities to do that, that will help them solidify those commercial customer relationships and of course for banks that are in commercial lending and so on, that's a key part of their strategy. So I think, it's being driven around the fact that most of the solutions out there have been around for quite some time and people are just looking for something new and fresh that they can demonstrate to their commercial customers. They have the new – the new shiny object and something that will deliver them a lot more functionality than what they've had in the past.
David B. Foss: But the key on that is, that's a single platform. So as opposed to just being a mobile banking deliverable, it's a platform that will – that does – it includes marketing, it includes bill pay, it includes mobile check capture, I mean, it's a complete suite of solutions as opposed to a point solution that only does mobile banking. That's what's really creating the enthusiasm around Banno.
David B. Foss: I think, the guidance for first half, Susquehanna was a significant player for us across the board, not strictly in the payment side of our business. They were a major customer for us across the board. So if we specifically talk about payments, the guidance that I've provided in the past is somewhere in the 5% range, I think that's still a good number go-forward, Susquehanna wasn't that huge a contributor that it's going to all of a sudden bump our payments comp by 2% or something like that. So I still think 5%, in that range is a reasonable expectation.
David B. Foss: I don't know that I have [end-outs] for the quarter, I know that we did seven year-to-date. I don't think I have that number, handy.
