Kevin D. Williams: Thanks, Stephanie. Good morning and thank you for joining us for the Jack Henry & Associates fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 earnings call. I am Kevin Williams, CFO, and on the call with me today is Jack Prim, our CEO. The agenda for the call this morning will follow as a typical call. Jack will start with some thoughts about the business and on the performance of the quarter, and then I will follow that up with some additional comments, and talk about the press release that we released after market closed yesterday. And then we will open the line up for Q&A. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors which can cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risk and uncertainties, and the company undertakes no obligations to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and forward-looking statements. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jack.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah, David. Term fees for the quarter were actually almost $5 million number which were up from about $4.2 million for the same quarter a year ago. Our term fees for the year as we've talked about throughout the year were up significantly. I'm trying to find the number. For the year, our term fees were actually about $26 million, up from $13 million a year ago. We think that this next year, those term fees are going to go back down more in line with where they were in probably 2014, maybe not quite that low. But we don't foresee another year near as high as this year. So, for the quarter, we were up about $800,000 versus a year ago. For the year, it was up significantly over FY 2014.
Kevin D. Williams: Software cap, David, for next year is going to be pretty, pretty level with where we ended up this year. We've pretty got everything in line. I mean, it's obviously going to bounce around a little bit, but a lot of the projects are continuing to go right along. So we're probably going to be in the $78 million or maybe even right at $80 million cap software next year. For internal software, it should probably right in line, somewhere in the $14 million to $15 million range for FY 2016.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah. Dave, it's going to be a pretty small contributor to revenue. As you may recall with the Goldleaf acquisition we did a number of years ago, we picked up accounts receivable financing business. The base of that acquisition that you're referring to really kind of rounds that offering out nicely with additional asset-based lending capabilities, factoring, inventory, and asset lending. There's no overlap in the offerings of the two. They didn't do what we did with our lending solutions business and we didn't do what they did with their business. So, it brought us a number of new customers, a very nice fit, good cross-sell opportunities of both products between both bases. We've consolidated that in and we think there's some nice leverage and some good uptake opportunities, but it's pretty small, probably on the order of $5 million to $6 million in revenue.
Kevin D. Williams: I don't think you're going to feel it, Dave. I mean, because it's kind of just kind of baked in our normal operations – I mean, yeah it was higher and it gives us a little more headwinds to have to grow over, but it is what it is. And we kind of budget for the loss of those within us, so it's baked into the guidance that we're given.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, Brett, so some of the larger projects, we've got a significant redevelopment effort on our core or primary credit union offering on the Symitar side. We've done a number of things on the Banking side for not so much an architectural change, as much as some efficiency enabling capabilities that we're bringing to the customer base. Those are probably farther along, or closer to completion. We're still continuing on a multi-year effort on the credit union development side. All of those are going very well. The thing to keep in mind though Dave (sic) [Brett], is even as these projects begin to roll off, other projects are going to come up. I mean, when you've been in the business for 38 years and you've got couple of hundred products out there, something is always going be in need of a refresh, if not a very significant revamping of the offering. So those are some of the larger transactions, but we've got payments related development efforts, other related efforts that are probably ramping up as some of these begin to ramp down. So, I don't look for any dramatic changes in that area in the near-term.
Kevin D. Williams: Brett, I mean that's revenue that goes into so many different buckets. It's hard to pull them all out and say, yeah, this is what's related to security and fraud because we've got so many different products within Banking, Symitar and ProfitStars that deal with those in various ways that I've never taken the time to try to put it all into one bucket.
John F. Prim: Yeah, David. Yeah, I think generally speaking, the demand trends remain solid and consistent. I don't know that there's any particular spikes or areas that they're looking to significantly increase spending. Core is going to be, I think, a steady progression in line with what we have seen, similarly with payments; but again the environment, I think, has continued to improve. And at some point, interest rates will get raised and given some time to adjust balance sheets following that raise, I think that bodes well for earnings for financial institutions, and again, I think that certainly holds well. I think it's likely that there will be increased focus on security-related spending. Just general environment, as regards security plus, I believe the regulatory agencies are probably going to put more of an emphasis on that in the not too distant future. So, certain product offerings there could benefit from that increased scrutiny. But beyond that, and that potential uplift, I think most of it is pretty consistent with what we've been seeing.
John F. Prim: Well, depending on exactly what was going on in the period that you're comparing us to. We had, for example, one large bill payment conversion that consisted of, I want to say I think it was about 800 small to medium sized credit unions that came across in that transaction, so that's probably about the timeframe that you might have saw that considerably larger. But you're seeing a modest growth in most of your traditional payment areas, like electronic bill payment and ATM debit card transaction processing, higher growth rates in some of your mobile payment offerings. So I think that there's certainly increased emphasis in spending related to mobile. Although, compared to the more established payment method, that's still a very small percentage of total payments related revenue, but that certainly is the area where most of the growth is. And while our growth rates for debit card and electronic bill payment are generally above the industry averages, there's still going to be more moderate growth rates than what we're seeing in the mobile area.
John F. Prim: It is tough to forecast. It's going to bounce around. And obviously, this depends on the last product within a multi-element contract that gets delivered, the timing of that, the size of the contract. So if you have a quarter where you have the last element of a whole bunch of small contracts put in place versus quarter where you had the last element of some large core implementations goes with that, that's going to fluctuate significantly.
John F. Prim: No. I mean, we hate to ever lose a customer, Dave, and obviously you got to go and replace that revenue when that happens. But I think if you really look at the total revenue generated even by the larger customers, on an annual basis, it's not going to be a significant issue.
John F. Prim: Yeah. It's going very well, Dave (sic) [Brett]. We've officially kind of launched that offering at the start of the fiscal year. We've got probably around 25 customers at this point that have elected to hand us some or all of their server-related offerings to manage for them. We're very pleased with that. It's a nice contributor to recurring revenue. Last fiscal year or this next fiscal year, it's not going to be a meaningful number that shows up. But again, it's a nice contributor to recurring revenue and it will tend to compound over time. So, I think it's a timely offering. It's been well received in the market. It is not a simple sale. You're dealing with networks and infrastructure and telecommunications and a lot of things that require some engineering talent to be able to go in and assess properly in order to do a proposal. So it's not a simple sale and some of the sales cycles tend to be a little bit longer. But again, I think with some of the growing emphasis that we are seeing and are going to see even more in the future related to cyber security threats, I think there's going to be increasing interest and reasons for financial institutions to look at this type of an offering.
