Kevin D. Williams: Thank you, Latoya. Good morning. Thank you again for joining us for the Jack Henry & Associates Third Quarter Fiscal 2015 Earnings Call. I'm Kevin Williams, CFO of the company; and on the call with me today is Jack Prim, our CEO. The agenda for the call this morning will be as we normally do, Jack will start out with some thoughts about the business, the performance for the quarter and some other comments he has prepared, then I will provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday after market close, and then we will open the call up for Q&A as we always do. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jack.
Kevin D. Williams: There was no insurance recoveries, Pete. There were some one-time term fees and I'm going to have to dig that out. I apologize; I don't have that right at my fingertips. Let's see, yeah, de-conversion fees for the quarter were pretty significant, they were about $9 million.
Kevin D. Williams: Last year, we had $1 million in the quarter. So yeah, it's a pretty significant increase in one-time de-conversion fees this quarter, Pete.
Kevin D. Williams: And I will tell you that was spread pretty evenly between BP and our electronic payments and quite a bit over and even in the item processing.
Kevin D. Williams: I'd – boy, Pete, I apologize. I don't have that. Let me – let's take another question, let me research that, and I'll see if I can come back to you.
Kevin D. Williams: No, I don't think that's a good way to look at it, Dave, because I mean this is a build-up of multiple years that caused this number. I mean, some of these contracts that are in this deferred revenue adjustment are from five years ago because there's one product left to be delivered, and we will systematically go through all those and determine when those are going to be, but eventually that will come down because we'll recognize that revenue. There are some things that we can do in our normal procedures to recognize the revenue sooner, which is why I don't think there's going to be much impact in our revenue growth or our margins moving forward, because some of this is tied to milestones within contracts. It's going to take us four or five years to finally recognize 100% of that revenue. So this $172 million deferred revenue is going to be spread over the next four or five years. And so it's just going to kind of fall in there when it happens. But as that comes down, I think we're going to change our procedures a little bit so we can consistently recognize the revenue that we – kind of the way we always have, so that $172 million hickey will eventually go down.
Kevin D. Williams: I think your revenue dollars are probably right, David. I need to go back and confirm that. Like I said, I'm not really ready to give full next year's guidance. But at this point, I think you all are in pretty good shape. I would hate for you to go all change your models and then a couple months from now I come back and say, "Whoa, wait a minute. We need to revise that." So right now I think based on where we ended up this quarter, where I think our forecasting for the fourth quarter and comfortable with that $0.68 consensus, I think next year the growth rate that you all have in there is pretty solid.
Kevin D. Williams: Yeah. And let me just say, I mean, banks have never been in big demand for real-time. I mean we're actually doing this proactively because we're still not hearing a big demand for real-time, but we know it's coming with all of the teller branch transformation and everything else that's going on, so we know we need to get there so we're actually being proactive and getting ahead of the game. But, as Jack said, the Episys solution for credit unions, just like most credit union solutions, has been real-time since the 1980s.
Kevin D. Williams: Glenn, actually I made myself a note that if I didn't get questioned I was going to go back and clarify that exact point. Because after I said that I actually got an IM from my Controller and she slapped my hand. So the revenue growth is going to be consistent with about the way it was this year, so it is off a lower base. So the revenue numbers do need to come down next year because of this restatement. So the growth next year should still be in the mid to high single digits but it is going to be off a lower revenue base.
Kevin D. Williams: Yes. But your margins, like I said, the margins should stay pretty solid. I mean, so the margins for the fourth quarter, it looks to be on a forecast looks to be right at the 43% gross margin that we would have before restatement.
Kevin D. Williams: I mean, it could, Glenn. But we need to take $172 million and divide it by $8 billion or whatever over the next five years, could it have an impact? Maybe, but I think the only impact you might see would be in a quarter. Any significant increase would be in a quarter where we have, you know some large deal that we install and we had to defer 100% of the revenue and we finally ship that last piece of software and it gets recognized 100% of the revenue in that quarter. But I think on a year-over-year basis, could it enhance growth a little bit? Yes, maybe, but I don't think it's going to be material enough to see. And like I said, once we layer that all out and have a chance to go back and analyze all that, on the year-end guidance I'll be able to give you a whole lot better feel for what that is – not only for year-over-year growth for FY 2016 but also kind of on a quarterly basis.
Kevin D. Williams: I do not have those at my finger-tips, Dave, but what I think I can do and I'll have to also make sure I can do this per SEC Counsel, but what I might do is be able to put those out on our JHA website.
Kevin D. Williams: And that way, and once I put them out there then if I can do that, then I would also be able to just e-mail them to you all to put in your models.
Kevin D. Williams: So let me confirm. I'm actually going to feed in here in just a few minutes. We're actually here meeting for a quarterly board meeting for the next two days. I'll run that by him and make sure he is okay with that. And if he is, then we will put something out there.
Kevin D. Williams: Well I think there is going to be some increased lumpiness, Dave, but I think what we are going to see, and what we've seen, is we've kind of gone back and looked at the impact for the last five years is, it's kind of more heavily weighted towards the fourth quarter. Because like I've said, we have to wait until the, actually the last product is installed, and then we take 100% of that revenue and we recognize that revenue ratably over the remainder of that maintenance contract period, which is until June 30. So throughout the year as we continue to make that final installation, then that's just going to snowball. So any revenue recognized from this deferral is actually going to trend up from Q1 to Q4. So there will be – the recent – a little lumpiness but that's really what's going to be the driver that's actually going to increase the revenue from Q1 to Q4. And once we get that all layered out and kind of dissected, Dave, I'll try to give better guidance on our next earnings call of what that will be.
John F. Prim: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning. As has been mentioned previously and as will be discussed in more detail on the call, the review of our revenue recognition procedures will result in a restatement of prior period financials. The presentation of the financials for discussion this morning are in the same format as they have been provided in previous years, together with a reconciliation from the estimated restated financials for your comparison purposes. Looking at the comparison on that apples-to-apples basis would show another solid operating performance with organic revenue growth of 7% and operating income growth of 17%. This is despite the continued trend of declines in high-margin license fee revenues, down 18% in the quarter, and hardware down 17%. These declines are not unexpected given the continuing trends and preference for hosted delivery of services and the general lumpy nature of these revenue categories. The declines were more than offset by the solid growth of 10% in Support and Services, which makes up 92% of our total revenue. The performance was strong in both the Banking and Credit Union segments, led by our Payments and Outsourcing businesses, up 9% and 18% respectively. Sales performances across all three brands remained strong and ahead of plan. Although the final stages of the lengthy and detailed review of revenue recognition procedures are still under way, we believe we have better clarity as to the resolution of this issue. From a timing standpoint, we expect to have all adjustments made and bring all SEC filings current not later than June 30, 2015. Over the last several months, the process has evolved following a recently disclosed interpretation of license and implementation fee revenue recognition guidelines by our auditors as discussed in the December earnings call to become much broader in scope and include reviews of Vendor Specific Objective Evidence, or VSOE, related to software maintenance and implementation fees. In that process, the cumulative effect and the requirement to adopt the most conservative possible positions related to revenue recognition also impacted the expected materiality of the adjustments. Our initial reviews appeared to indicate that any required adjustments would be immaterial in nature. We now believe the adjustment will be approximately $172 million and require a material restatement. The cumulative restatement will result in balance sheet adjustments to retained earnings and short- and long-term deferred revenue, and a restatement of our income statements for the previous three years. While it will affect the timing of recognition of license fees and certain other deliverables under multi-element contracts, it does not impact the amount of revenue to be recognized, total contract values, cash flow or payment terms, just the period in which some revenue is recognized. It remains our opinion that we have consistently recognized revenue in accordance with AICPA Statement of Position 97-2 and its amendments, if not in accordance with our auditors' interpretation of the 97-2 guidance. Now that we are aware of their interpretations, we have made the necessary changes and adjustments retroactively and to our policies going forward. While this review process has been distracting for our accounting department and their management, the fundamentals of our business remain strong in terms of sales results, customer satisfaction and employee engagement. We will continue to focus on running the business in the best interest of our customers and shareholders for the long term. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin for some additional comments.
John F. Prim: No, Pete, it's pretty much same environment that we've been in for quite some time at this point. Nothing noteworthy.
John F. Prim: Yeah, Dave, I wish it was that simple. We'd love to do that, but that really would not solve the problem. Part of the process of this evaluation is they look at any contracts that were signed on or about the time of that contract to see if you're doing exactly that, which I think they would perceive as an effort to try to get around the recognition interpretations. So I'll be honest with you, one of my frustrations is I have yet to get a straight answer to the question of what's the appropriate method of handling a situation when we know and the customer knows that there's one of these modules, one or more of these modules that they want to implement on a delayed basis, plan to do it that way from the start. We've yet to get any kind of reasonable guidance as to how to address that problem in an appropriate manner. So unfortunately unbundling the items would not help the situation.
John F. Prim: And, Dave, on the topic of permanence, you may be aware that FASB has proposed new revenue recognition guidance that was supposed to go into effect in 2017; I think it's been delayed for a year or so at this point. But if the proposed rules were in effect now this whole conversation would not be taking place. Substantially all of this would not be an issue, and we wouldn't even be talking about it, which adds to the challenges with making these. I'm sure there's a pretty good reason why FASB has proposed changes that make this whole conversation unnecessary. Unfortunately, it's not 2017, so we have to deal with it now.
John F. Prim: Yeah, Tim, business as usual. All three brands, Banking, Credit Union, ProfitStars, all of them were over 100% of their sales quote for the quarter and are over 100% on a year-to-date basis. I can't say that there was anything new or different in what customers were looking at or interested in. Again, it's not any one item that they're looking at. Core system sales remain strong. Complementary sales are very solid. Nothing really new in the competitive dynamic than we've seen in the past so it's really just another quarter of business as usual.
John F. Prim: Yes, no, I would say that for the most part, Tim, it would be within scope. We have a number of solutions that have been gaining traction and we think will continue to, and some of those go back to the Gladiator acquisition that we did in, was that 2005, Tim? And some of the solutions for enterprise security monitoring that we built using that platform and that management team to build out some additional security capabilities, that's been gaining traction. We mentioned that we started July 1 with a new hosted network services offering. Again that's doing well. Again, it's in its infancy but we're seeing good results and good uptake and interest there. I think that will only increase not only as a result of the increased focus of examiners in and around security, but the competition for talent with network and engineering-related backgrounds. So in addition to all the people that we're trying to hire that type of talent before, you've now got the federal government who's trying to beef up their cyber-security infrastructure, I'm sure companies like Target and Home Depot and others that have seen in that business some of the security challenges, they're all beefing up. So in a company like Jack Henry where we are a technology company rated one of the top 100 companies to work for in IT by Computerworld magazine, the challenges we have recruiting technical talent, I can't even imagine what it must be like for a community bank or a credit union who has a staff of two people to be able to recruit that same type of talent. So I think a lot of these factors are going to help drive uptake of some of the solutions like the hosted network services where we can take that server infrastructure and all monitoring, patching, management of those types of services out of the financial institution. So we feel like we're well-positioned with our security solutions as that tension increases.
John F. Prim: Well, Brett, it was solid just from normal business. As Kevin mentioned earlier there was certainly some benefit there from early termination fees, but I think it would have still been 10% or better without any benefit of early termination fees. So it just continues to be a combination of the fact that on the banking side 95% of all of our new deals that we do these days opt for outsourced delivery; that number's probably 60-plus percent year-to-date on the credit union side. We continue to see interest in moving from in-house processing to outsourcing by our existing in-house customers, which as we talked about the revenue uptake that takes place there. So it's just all the factors that have been impacting that business continue to be in place.
John F. Prim: Yeah. And so just – we refer to that as Hosted Network Services or HNS as we refer to it around the office. And no, we're well beyond the beta stage at this point, Brett. I think to date we've signed either 13 or 15 customers that are looking to give us some or all of their network infrastructure. It's a combination of both. It's going very well. It is a complex sales cycle. I mean, you're dealing with many, many items in and around complex network related terminology, what products are they running that may or may not be Jack Henry products that we need to bring into our environment if we're going to host that server infrastructure for them. Telecommunications, a lot of factors that enter into that, so it tends to be not an easy short sales cycle just because there's a lot of research that has to be done to make that sale but it's going very well and as expected, it's not just a case of replacing the hardware infrastructures. We're typically finding that they take additional monitoring related services that are higher margin services that improve the overall profitability on the deal. If you look at a typical institution, if they've got 50 servers, the odds are that they didn't buy all 50 of those servers at one time. You know they started out with 10 and they added some products or they needed more capacity. And so they've got this server infrastructure in various stages of its lifecycle. So in some cases it will be less likely that they'll just rip out everything and give us all 50 of those servers at once. They might give us 10 and when the refresh cycle comes up on the next batch give us those. But we're pleased with the, what we're seeing in terms of the contract values and the recurring revenue and the uptake of those solutions at this point.
John F. Prim: Yes. So all of those projects, and there are a lot of different projects. I mean, real-time is one of probably 10 different things that might be going on with any product at any given time. But all the projects continue to track well. We're still talking different deliverables for these various projects, Dave (sic) [Brett], that will still extend into the future a number of years. But we're bringing those products to market incrementally as new enhancements are made. Let's for example take real-time that you asked about specifically. We introduced last year, and this is primarily on the SilverLake product because the Episys Credit Union processing system as you know is already fully real-time and has been since its inception; but SilverLake being more of a traditional banking developed system, we're moving it to the real-time operating environment. We released the first set of real-time capabilities last year. In this year's current release, we're extending that further, and sort of the final stages will be wrapped up related to that specific project in next year's release. But substantially the types of capabilities that customers are going to be most interested in related to real-time will be done by the end of this year. But I use that as an example because a number of these, many of these projects that we're working on are large-scale efforts that will be rolled out on an as-available basis, not rolled up into a big bang deployment at some future date. We'll be releasing those changes incrementally as we can make them available.
John F. Prim: And that's a very good point that Kevin made, Brett. I mean I doubt that we have seen a single RFP in the last 12 months on the banking side of the business where the requirement called for a real-time banking system. This is one of those things that we feel like for the next 20 years needs to be in place, and we're working to that end.
John F. Prim: You will get the change as a matter of course. No price changes and frankly no requirement to implement it. If you're perfectly happy with the current method of processing and don't feel that you have a need for real-time, you will not be required and we won't flip a switch and now everything's processing real-time. It'll be up to the bank whether they do it that way or not, or – but the point is if they wake up five years from now and decide, oh wow, this real-time thing has become important, it'll be ready when they are.
John F. Prim: Glenn, I don't know that there was any one item that was particularly noteworthy, it's just the way some acquisitions or de-conversions fell. Nothing stands out as being noteworthy.
John F. Prim: First of all, yes, it's accurate; and no, it has no noteworthy impact. You might also recall, Glenn, if you've looked at our press releases there was the Shell Oil Credit Union replacement which was a replacement of DNA, which that was either our seventh or eighth replacement of DNA. So yeah, do they occasionally take a deal away from us? Yeah. Do we take considerably more deals from them than they take from us? Yeah. Related to the CIT I believe is probably the bank...
John F. Prim: That you're referring to that will be de-converting. So CIT is a large bank in terms of assets, but they're very much an unusual bank if you will. They're an online only bank, deal primarily with certificates of deposit, so their asset size is much larger than their account volumes would dictate. And in that particular transaction the bank that they're acquiring which is OneWest has over 100 branches versus no branches at CIT Bank. CIT, we are the back room for CIT's operations versus a fully staffed and built out back room that OneWest has. And I believe I'm correct in saying that OneWest is a fairly recent consolidation of about three different banks that have gone through a series of core system conversions and are probably just settling in from that. So the dynamic you're left with is we can take the relatively small CIT operation with no branches and minimal staff that has to be retrained, or we can take the 100-plus branches of OneWest, hundreds and hundreds of employees that would have to be retrained and who have just recently been retrained from whatever they just converted from to be distilled into the current organization that they are today. So we knew we had long odds of being able to retain that business going in. It was not a product-related issue; as a matter of fact I suspect that our competitor will probably have to do some product enhancement just to deliver some of the capabilities that were already being delivered to CIT. But yeah, certainly hate to lose any customer. The M&A world introduces opportunities and we win – we're the victor in a lot of those, and sometimes it goes the other way.
