Kevin Williams: Thanks, Haley. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today for the Jack Henry & Associates first quarter FY 2019 earnings call. I’m Kevin Williams, CFO and Treasurer, and on the call with me today is David Foss, our President and CEO. The agenda for this morning will be opening comments by me obviously, and then I will turn the call over to Dave he is going to provide some of his thoughts and the state of the business and the performance for the quarter. Then, I’m going to provide some comments regarding the 8-K that we filed last week for the new revenue recognition accounting standard codification or ASC 606 that became effective for us July 1. And I will provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the press release we put out yesterday after market close for our Q1 operating performance and then we will open up the lines for Q&A. I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate, due to a number of risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday’s press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled risk factors and forward-looking statements. With that I will now turn the call over to Dave.
Kevin Williams: I can actually provide to the deconversion revenue now restated under 606. Okay. So for Q1 of FY 18, it was $10.7 million; for FY Q2, it was $9.7 million; for Q3, it was $18.4 million; and for Q4, it was $7.3 million for a total under 606 of $46.2 million.
Kevin Williams: We have 281 live right now. I don’t know that I have between mobile and online 281 customers live right now. I don’t know that I have a backlog number, but it’s continuing to grow.
Kevin Williams: But I can’t give an accurate number what the backlog will looks like right now. But as we are managing the backlog and it continues to be robust, we will put it that way.
Kevin Williams: Well, David. I will tell you the Q1 that I mentioned in my opening comments, we had a large number of software usage clients install last year, when that revenue was basis spread which caused the increase in Q1 in the 8-K and that caused an even bigger increase in Q1 this year because even though it’s an annual software usage fee and they are using it for over the year because it’s already been installed, effectively July 1, you recognize that revenue for the entire year again. So that caused Q1 to be grow a little faster. So we are not going to see that double-digit organic revenue growth for the rest of the year. It’s going to go back down to the mid-single digits and for the full year. I still think it’s going to be in the high mid-single digits.
Kevin Williams: Yes. It’s consistent this quarter with what I highlighted last quarter. So if you recall last quarter, I talked about the fact that you would expect when you have a blowout quarter like that, that it would come in one particular area, but in the June quarter, it was actually spread across the sales group. So ProfitStars, Symitar and banking all three sales groups really had a very strong quarter. We saw the same thing in Q1 of fiscal 19, all three sales groups, but we didn’t have a record breaking month like we did in June, but all three sales groups really performed well. There was - everyone of them exceeded quota. And so for banking and Symitar that tends to come when you are signing new core customers. And there is of course, follow-on business that comes with that core sales that can be significant, but it’s all driven by core sales. And then for ProfitStars of course, there are no core sales in ProfitStars. ProfitStars is only sales non-core solution and so that spread across a wide variety of product lines. But I have highlighted a few of them already so digital and our lending suite and the Payments solution suite, we are seeing very good performance across all of those different product lines. So all three sales groups exceeded quota again in Q1 and are positioned well going forward.
Kevin Williams: No. It’s not Glenn because obviously, when we gave that guidance, we were still trying to get the product reused, recast and restated. So that was based on what I knew at that time. So you only know what you know. FY 2018 adjusted for 606 and adjusted for the tax rate, so if you back all the deferred tax nonsense, the true tax rate for FY 2018 was 28%, which means the EPS for FY 2018 was basically $3.27, so that is kind of level set from there.
Kevin Williams: Well, Dave, again, so 606 is so much difference than 605 because 605 and we talked about this a lot over the last few years. So you could have an in-house core customer either bank or credit union that you install the last pieces of multi-account which could be [iTalk] (ph) in August or September. And all the software imitation first years maintenance might be $3.5 million. You don’t recognize the $3.5 million now over the next three quarters. And then the start of July 1, you just backed in-house maintenance, where 606 a lot of that $3 million plus is going to be in the prior fiscal year because it ties directly to win the products you delivered. So, what this really going to advance some lumpiness. So for a like, when we do final installation of a multi-billion dollar apps as SilverLake, when we gave final install a 100% of revenue’s going to hit in that quarter, almost a way use to back before the restatement back in 2015.
Kevin Williams: Correct, which is why I pointed out on the call, it’s going to take a while, I think for you all and even us to get used to the slow of 606 because it is totally different than what we have done delivered in the past, but my point is, it has no impact on cash flow.
David Foss: Thank you, Kevin and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report another quarter with record revenue and earnings. As always I would like to begin today by thanking our associates for all the hard work that went into producing those results for our first fiscal quarter. As you are aware, this is the first quarter for us to report our financials using the new revenue recognition rules prescribed by ASC 606. All of the quarterly comparisons we discuss today will be in relation to the restated quarters from the 8-K, we published last week. Kevin will provide much more detailed analysis regarding the impacts of 606 to our business, when he shares his opening remarks. For Q1 of fiscal 2019, total revenue increased 9% for the quarter and increased 10% excluding the impact of deconversion fees from both quarters. We again had a very solid quarter in the core segment of our business. Revenue increased by 8% for the quarter and increased by 11%, if you exclude the impact of deconversion fees from both quarters. Our Payments segment performed well posting a 9% increase in revenue this quarter and a 10% increase excluding the impact of deconversion fees. We also had an extremely strong quarter in our complementary solutions businesses, posting a 13% increase in revenue this quarter and a 12% increase excluding the impact of deconversion fees. Our sales team again had a very solid sales quarter. We booked 12 competitive core takeaways, including two new multi-billion dollar banking clients. We also saw very strong bookings in our Payments and complementary solutions segments. Several of our newer solutions, including our Banno digital suite, debit processing, the new credit processing solution and treasury management saw strong demand. We also booked five in-to-out deals between banking and Symitar. Regarding our new debit and credit processing solution, we now have 166 customers live on the new debit platform, including 11 customers installed as new rather than as migration. We also have two new credit customers live on the platform. We have been focused on migrating more complex clients in the past couple of months to continue to prove the conversion model. So far, all of these migrations and new installations have been successful and our program continues to progress very well. We will suspend our migrations during the holidays because banks and credit unions don’t like to implement changes to their card programs during this high volume time of the year. We expect to start migrating 40 to 50 customers per month in January and remain on track to complete the migration process sometime in the first half of calendar 2020. As you know, within the two weeks following the end of Q1, we announced two acquisitions Agiletics and BOLTS were both very small, but very strategic acquisitions for our company. Agiletics brings us a liquidity management solution and a deposit escrow sub-accounting system designed to allow our banks to serve larger commercial clients, who require escrow collection and disbursement tools. BOLTS provides digital account opening solution, which will be paired with our industry-leading Banno digital banking offering. Neither these acquisitions will impact our P&L in any material way, but both position us well as we compete for new and larger clients in the future. Since our last earnings call, we have completed our two largest client conferences of the year, our SEC conference for our Symitar core clients and our JEC conference for our Jack Henry Banking and ProfitStars clients. We had many prospects at each conference and our customers continue to be happy with our performance and extremely engaged with our prospective clients. Additionally, they continue to be optimistic about the coming year and their prospects for success. With that, I will turn it over to Kevin for some detail on the numbers.
David Foss: Sure. Alexis, this is Dave Foss. So you have pretty much get right there on some of the key priorities right now. Digital banking is on the top of mind for virtually any bank or credit union executive right now which is a key piece of what is fueling the demand for our Banno digital banking solution. And it’s part of the reason why we did the BOLTS acquisition because digital having a complete digital suite is key. So we are getting lots of interest, lots of discussions currently on that topic. And I see that continuing through the year because if you look historically banks and credit unions would have an online banking solution and a mobile banking solution, and they were two different solutions. And the goal right now is eliminate that difference in user experience bringing them together, so it’s a single user experience on a single digital platform that is a lot more fully function than anything that we had in the past. So that is clearly, top of the mind and then lending and really specifically around commercial lending. Part of the reason, why we have highlighted so much our Commercial Lending Center suite in the past year or so is part of the reason why we did the Vanguard acquisition last year was to really create a very robust commercial lending offering because that is what is fueling a lot of growth for our clients today. Certainly consumer lending is important, but commercial lending is where a lot of the focus right now. And then kind of tied to that is the topic of treasury management. So if you are going to serve large commercial customers with the commercial lending solution you also want to be able serve them overall with treasury management functionality which is why we develop can roll out the new treasury solution a year ago. So those are all absolutely top of mind, and then of course, we have been highlighting the card conversion process that we have been going through part of what is spot [indiscernible] that originally was there were so much demand customers who want to bring that credit card portfolios back into their bank of credit union and prior to this new platform that we rolled out. We didn’t have a credit offering and so payments and having a robust payments platform is also a key driver for us.
David Foss: I don’t know that I have that number right in front of me. The sales team, as I said in my press release quote, so the sales team’s exceeded their quota again this year. I don’t have the exact number in front of me, but the most remarkable thing I think to what happened there was and you are absolutely correct in your summary of what I said about June, we were about 150% of the next largest month we have ever had in the history of the company. Logic would tell you when you have a month like that, your pipeline is going to drop off significantly and you are going to spend months rebuilding that pipeline because you just had huge bookings month and a huge bookings quarter. But in fact, we ended Q1, so just 90 days after that record, we ended Q1 with a pipeline that was actually and I did the math here this morning 16% higher than what the pipeline was going into the month of June. So we booked all this business took a whole bunch of sales out of the pipeline and yet within 90 days it was 16% higher than it was going into the month of June. So for me that - and having a pipeline does not represent closed deals obviously, you have to get them to close. But after having many years of experience, managing a pipeline and managing the sales team without any major change in the sales teams to see that type of growth in the pipeline was pretty significant as far as I’m concerned and I think it sets us up well for the coming year. Again, you have to turn those pipeline deals into closed signed deals and there is no way to 100% predict what is going to happen there. But I think it really bodes well for the future, for the sales organization when we have had such a tremendous increase in the pipeline for the combined sales organization.
David Foss: No. I would say it’s consistent with what you have seen from us in the past. We tend to take competitive deals from all of our major competitors and from the solutions that they offer and we are continuing to see that. I think, we saw two multi-billion dollar banking deals in the quarter, which is significant. They don’t come up for a core change all that often. They are not that many of them and so they don’t make a core change that often. So they book two in a quarter is significant and we are working several other deals of that size. So I think maybe the only item of significance would be they tend to be several larger both banks and credit unions in the pipeline right now more than we have seen in the past and that is probably significant. But it’s not any change in, who are taking these customers away from.
