Kevin D. Williams: Thanks, Tyrone. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for the Jack Henry & Associates Second Quarter Fiscal 2014 Conference Call. My name is Kevin Williams, CFO. And on the call with me today are Jack Prim, CEO; and Tony Wormington, President. The agenda for the call this morning will be as follows. I'm kicking off. Jack will start with an overview of the quarter from his perspective, and then Tony will provide some operational highlights, and then I'll add some additional color around the press release that was put out after market close yesterday. First, I need to remind you that remarks or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or results constitute forward-looking statements or deal with expectations about the future. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and uncertainties. And the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. With that, I'm now going to turn the call over to Jack.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, first of all, we don't disclose any of our electronic payments in our backlog. That's one thing that's not in backlog, but I will tell you that our electronics payments backlog is very strong. We continue to have a very strong backlog of implementations out in the future. So I think that we will continue to see very strong growth in electronic payments. I think this quarter is down slightly, which I think that's probably more reflected with the long-term growth, but I think that, that growth is very sustainable for the foreseeable future.
Kevin D. Williams: Yes, Michael, we're probably on about the run rate now that we're going to be for the next 1.5 years or so, and maybe beyond that because of the different projects that are ongoing. So it kind of ramped up about this time last year, and it's been pretty much on a level pace now for the last 3 or 4 quarters. I mean I don't see that changing significantly in the foreseeable future.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, I would tell you, I mean our -- all of our margins remained fairly level this quarter. I mean our gross margins were about the same at 44%, as they were this time last year. Our support services margins were pretty level, which obviously are going to bounce around a little bit. We were able to squeeze a little bit more to the operating margin line. But if you also remember, there was some insurance reimbursements in the quarter in there that impact that slightly. So yes, our operating margins were up slightly. It was kind of right in line with the guidance we gave at the end of the year that we thought there were some margin improvements that could be had during the year. So it is going to bounce around a little bit, obviously, from quarter to quarter. So it is sustainable, I think, for the year there, but obviously, it could bounce around a little bit next quarter because of all the impacts that I mentioned.
Kevin D. Williams: There were some termination fees, and I think they were up -- hold on a little, I have it right at my fingertips. They were up slightly. I think they were up about $1 million this quarter over what they were a year ago but not a significant amount.
Kevin D. Williams: Well, Brett, I mean, obviously, we increased the dividend significantly last year. We typically increase the dividend in our February board meeting, which is coming up later this week. So there -- I'm assuming that it'll probably be a normal small increase like we have in years past, not to the magnitude we did last year. We have not bought any stock back this year because of the regulatory agreement that was filed just before Christmas. Because of that, we had our board and executive blacked out, and when our board and executive are blacked out, I -- do not let the company participate in stock buybacks. So now that, that is filed and behind us, we'll probably back in the market buying back stock, especially with the 11% pullback that we've seen in the last couple of weeks. I would think we will probably be back in the market. We will be taking a look at M&A, but we -- as Jack pointed out, Brett, we're in a really good position. We're growing nicely. We don't have the pressure to have to do something. So if we build up a little cash, we build up a little cash. But we'll continue to be optimistic buying back our stock. We'll continue to look at dividends and potential M&A.
John F. Prim: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning. We're pleased to announce a record quarter for revenue, operating income and net income. As you recall, a year ago, we incurred significant charges due to Hurricane Sandy-related events and the subsequent recovery that significantly impacted our New Jersey item processing facility. The receipt of funds in the most recent quarter for our related insurance claims clutter the year-to-year comparisons more than they would already have been, but I'm sure Kevin will be able to clear that out. My comments related to the financials will exclude Sandy-related impacts, although we have provided both in our press release. We saw solid organic growth of 9% and maintained strong gross margins even though the high-margin license fees declined in the quarter. The credit union segment in particular had a solid margin performance, as license fees declined 14% from the year-ago quarter, a quarter which had been up 42% compared to its prior year. Solid expense control, with operating expenses increasing 6%, allowed operating margins to increase to 27% from 26% in spite of an increased disaster recovery infrastructure-related spending. Solid sales performances across all 3 brands, with strong core and complementary sales in the banking and credit union segments, and a strong outside-the-core base performance by the ProfitStars team led to an 11% increase in the backlog. Related to the Hurricane Sandy event, as promised a year ago, we have undertaken significant reviews of all company disaster recovery plans and operations and, where appropriate, implemented changes to ensure that this would be a onetime event. We have maintained ongoing communications with our customers and the regulatory agencies to make sure they are fully informed of our progress. I'd like to thank our over 5,000 employees for their continued efforts, on behalf of our customers, that allowed us to deliver these solid financial results. With that, I'll turn it over to Tony for some additional business updates.
John F. Prim: Brendan, it's Jack. We continue to look at the opportunities out there, but I will just tell you that a lot of the recent deals have gone for prices that, while they may have worked in somebody else's model depending on what problem they were solving for them, they didn't come close to working in any of our models. So we'll continue to look at those. And there could be some things we would look at and, in some cases, pay up for if it met a sufficiently strategic need. But some of the more -- some of the larger acquisitions that have taken place out there didn't fit into any of those categories. So certainly have the cash, certainly have the free cash flow to look at something substantial, but there's got to be a reasonable return in our estimation.
John F. Prim: Yes, Pete, the -- you're right. I mean the credit union segment has just been very strong for us, and we believe that, that will continue to be the case. We think it'll likely, at some point, get a little bit more competitive with some of the acquisitions that have been done over there. But frankly, we closed 16 new core sales in the quarter. Every 1 of those was a competitive takeaway. We continue to be, with our Episys platform, the platform of choice for the larger credit unions. We have considerably more billion-dollar-plus credit unions installed on that platform than any other platform. In fact, if you combined other vendors' billion-dollar-plus credit unions across their multiple platforms, it would barely be in that same range. So we feel like we've got the right product for that marketplace and that it will continue be strong. We do expect that environment probably will get a little more competitive, but we like our -- like the opportunities that we see out there right now. Pricing has not been, for the most part in the credit union segment, a major issue. I would say, not anymore major than it has been. It's -- there's not a significant change in what we're seeing in the area of pricing competition, but it's been pretty aggressive for quite a period of time on both the banking and the credit union segments of the market. So the core business, of course, a continued strength, as just talked about in the credit union space, we think there are some good opportunities on the banking side as well with increased activity in and among some of the mid-tier banks, the $1 billion to $20 billion kind of the evaluations taking place. And you won't close 16 of those in a quarter, but 1 or 2 here and there can make a nice impact.
John F. Prim: I think it's certainly possible that we could see some uptick. We've benefited from a couple of those here recently that -- we think there will likely be some continued activity. Certainly, have been predictions for quite a long time, some of them ridiculous in terms of the level of consolidation that some people expect to see in the marketplace. I think, at the end of the year, you can compare this year to every year for the last 10 or 15 and you'll probably see a net reduction in the number of financial institutions of 3% to 3.5%, and again which is a very consistent number you could see year in, year out for the last decade, if not the last 2 decades. That's where we think it'll be. Now will the size of the banks that are showing an interest in consolidation change? I mean, there -- looked like it was maybe going to be the small banks because compliance costs and other things were going to make it difficult for them to compete. Now there's been a little more activity in the last quarter or 2 from banks in the mid-tier-size range. I think that's going to shift around a -- some. But again, at the end of the year, you can add it all up and I think you're going to see a 3% to 3.5% net reduction, which we've managed to cope with quite nicely for several decades.
John F. Prim: Yes, I don't know if I have the numbers, or Tony may have them, related to the number of installations at my fingertips. But we continue to see strong growth. We certainly see heightened competition, particularly for -- if you'll remember, when iPay was an independent provider, their core agnostics still are, and had a lot of customers that were using competitive core systems. We've seen kind of some stepped-up aggressiveness from one or more core providers who kind of want to bring that business back into the fold, along with their core, but we continue to win some of their customers on a go-forward basis as well. So I would say the competition has probably picked up a little bit for -- primarily for that reason, but we've got a new refreshed version, refreshed user interface version, of our product that we're rolling out to our customers now and we think will continue to help us compete very effectively for new bill payment and competitive replacement bill payment opportunities.
John F. Prim: Well, I would tell you that it has -- I don't know that I could quantify it. I would tell you that we have not seen any slowdown. If anything, we've seen activity pick up since that acquisition. Now again, I think that will change. I think that the initial efforts there had been to go back and resecure the business that they had signed to the discontinued platform that they had. So I think that's where their initial efforts have been and focused along with normal integration activities that take place with a significant acquisition. So I think, once they've kind of gotten their arms around that, that they could very well be, that there'll be more competitive attention focused on the marketplace, but I think our perspective is it's pretty clear that there's really only one viable go-forward solution at this point, and that would be the D&A product. There's a lot of credit unions out there on legacy products that are not in that spot. And we think that -- even if they do have some success in some of the new opportunities with the D&A product, that there will be potentially enough other credit unions looking on some of those legacy platforms that aren't getting the level of R&D and enhancements that they like to see. The -- we believe the credit union segment could have a pretty good level of core replacement activity for the foreseeable future.
John F. Prim: Michael, I really couldn't. I mean there's a number of surveys that have been out there by various folks that depending on sample size and validity of the survey, you could be looking at 3% to 5% probably. But I'm just -- that's not my estimates, that's my best recollection of things I've seen.
John F. Prim: Yes. It's going well, Brett. We -- that -- this is an ongoing project. We've -- there's been a significant amount of work. I think our third release related to the -- that user interface refresh is pending here shortly. But again, the -- we are working on user interface and sort of migrating those to a more common look and feel across a large variety of platforms. So 3 to 5 years from now, we'll probably still be talking about this to some extent, although the -- I'd say most of the heaviest lifting is probably, for the most part, done at this point, but there are just a lot of systems and a lot of things going forward. So it's going well, it's been well received. I would say it's primarily available today for the SilverLake core system. And then a number of other complementary modules are in-line as well at this point. And we probably have roughly 25% of the SilverLake base that's actively using it, and more adopting it on a daily basis.
John F. Prim: Well, Brett, I don't know that there's a lot that we need in the way of products. I think, certainly, we're looking at some additional opportunities in the mobile area. We've had good success with our mobile offering. I think we could -- we can grab a larger share of that market. And we're focused on some activities there. But there's not a lot of products that we currently lack in. And some of these products, the credit union core system sales environment, as we talked about, has been very strong and we think can remain very solid. The banking space, with some of the increased mid-tier activity that we're seeing out there, we think has the opportunity to contribute. And then of course, when you win those core deals, there's -- particularly if you're able to also win the payments-related businesses, that adds very significantly. Our payments growth, while, as we mentioned earlier, it was probably at a little less intensive pace this last quarter than it had been previously, but still very solid and well above industry averages that we're seeing out there, and we believe that will continue to be the case. So we think we've got a product set that still has a lot of runway to continue that growth. And could it slow up at some point? I -- possibly, but I still feel like that we'll be able to put up faster organic growth rates than other players in our space for the foreseeable future.
