Marianne Lake: Yes, I mean -- I would say we -- I think I can’t remember which quarter it was, but several quarters ago, we put a slide out in the presentation that showed what the business -- it was last year showed what the business simplification agenda looked like. I think if you go back and now look at what we’ve done including what we were able to either complete or sign this quarter OEP, and the RPS business, GSOG, commodities, we’ve certainly broken the back of most of the business simplification agenda. Having said that, it is an ongoing process and we continue to de-risk clients and industries and continue to simplify our products in mortgage and the like. So I would characterize that the actions that we’ve taken by the end of this year are substantially all of them but at the margin we continue to look client by client, product by product to simplify things.
Marianne Lake: So, we’ve talked before about the fact that when you take into consideration the combination of the leverage and liquidity rules together with our own point of view on positioning the company for rising rates so therefore our own point of view of being under invested in a duration perspective that we have we believe a relatively optimized balance sheet. Although it looks like we have a significant amount of cash that is in part non-operating deposits that at some point will either flow out or be adequately paid for by the client return and in other parts is part of our overall liquidity. I mentioned that subsequent to the U.S. LCR rules being made final, that although we have been reporting previously against Basel our compliance in the 20 plus percent range so a buffer of 20 plus percent. The U.S. rules are more punitive in a number of ways, most notably that they look at peak outflows in 30 days rather than cumulative and also on higher outflow assumptions across certain categories given that we are now compliant with a more modest buffer. So we would say that we are largely optimized.
Marianne Lake: So, the capital is relatively minimal in comparison to the overall firm so while it obviously is positive for us if not a noteworthy number. And the expenses just to note that I said the ROE is limited over time this is a business that was still being built and therefore haven’t yet reached the maturity stage or a stage where it was returning its hurdle. It will take a little bit more time to take the expenses out so there will be a slight lag in removing expenses. So in the fourth quarter it will be more modest, but over time it would be a large chunk of that $300 million.
Marianne Lake: Yes, so, look we had a better third quarter than we have been expecting earlier in the quarter. We’ll see how the fourth quarter pans out. So, yes it is the case that if we have a better fourth quarter and therefore a stronger second half of the year that our expectations for comp will be higher. They’ll still be well within our comp to revenue ratio range of 30% to 35% and you saw for the quarter 32% year-to-date the same. So, in large part it’s going to be based on higher revenues in market. This quarter we also had higher revenues in mortgage and also in corporate, so that is the principle driver.
Marianne Lake: Yes, before I do that you had a second part to your question on the cost of controls, let me just deal with that very quickly. We talked about the fact that we expect our control cost to reach a peak this year, that’s still the case. So, I would say that they are substantially in our run rate by the end of the year. They will over time be able to come down and they’ll still remain elevated relative to historical because of the new business world we’re in. But we’re going to be able to become more efficient, automate things, finish remediations, look back, so over time that will provide leverage. In terms of looking out to 2015 and ’16, while we haven’t given specific guidance I’ll just point you to a few things; the first is we do expect to continue to see mortgage servicing expense decline on the back of delinquency and credit trends. We would also expect to see improvements in the production space, there is a reasonable fixed cost base and nevertheless as you saw this quarter we’ve continued to make great progress in residing that expense base. In the non-mortgage space in the consumer bank Gordon has committed to a $1 billion in ‘16 over ‘14 principally but not exclusively driven by automation and efficiencies in branch staffing leverage and also the branch footprint optimization. And then while we didn’t quantify it, Daniel is very much looking at the expense equation for positive leverage that is reasonably significant over the next two years in the CIB. So I would say across the board and obviously we’re growing in asset management, we’re investing in our businesses notwithstanding.
Marianne Lake: At the beginning what I did say is that there are a number of matters in our legal expenses for the quarter but in large part it does relate to FX and consequently you can read into that the things are further progressed this quarter than last but obviously we can’t comment any further.
Marianne Lake: Just to talk about, so we did $1.5 billion of buyback this quarter same last quarter, obviously we have another two to go in terms of our approval. We don’t know what the rule is going to be, it’ll come out before the end of the year, we’ll have to see what that says. There will be a transition timeline, it will transition on the same timeline phase in timeline that the rest of the buffer is transitioning on through to the 1 of January 2019. So there is no need for us to overreact and rate the compliance, so we would do much as we have done over the course of the last two years which is balance continuing to make good progress, getting to wherever it is that we need to be which we’re not going to get at this moment against the desire to want to continue to deliver capital to shareholders in the form of increased dividends and repurchases.
Marianne Lake: I mean the reality of the situation is sitting at 10.1% wearing good company with the rest of the industry in the context that just given how CCAR operates, its highly likely that there will be overall accretion to capital in the industry over the course of 2015 and we’ll be no exception. So we will continue to accrete capital up towards and potentially above our 10.5. But we’re not going to recalibrate a target until we understand the rules. One thing on the target, just when you see the rules yourself know that in our 50 to 100 basis points buffer the reason why we had a range was to allow in part to some of uncertainty and things evolving and so we would obviously want to fine tune and put a finer point a point on our buffer. So it’s possible that a buffer may not be as high as 100% too. So we’ll deal will all of that when the rules come out.
Marianne Lake: So you would have seen our other where it came down slightly in the quarter from the second quarter on the back of model improvements and on later on portfolio run-off. So we’re starting to see that bend now. It is the case that as we project forward to the end of 2015, that’s the number that we showed you at Investor Day is still relatively good, it’s probably a little higher than that, we said 1.5 it will be somewhere between 1.5 and 1.55 by the end of next year. We’re not in complete control around the timing of model approvals, we’re obviously doing everything we can to be timely and then the regulators need adequate time to approve them. So we kind of been a little bit more conservative potentially about the duration it takes to get models approved, but we’re still on that same basic trajectory.
Marianne Lake: Yes, I mean -- yes there is a significant benefit. If you look at our disclosures, you can kind of see the short-end versus long-end impact. Basically there is a significant benefit coming up off the short-end that we would expect to capture a significant portion of that in the first 12 months but we are obviously are looking for a more normal curve overall overtime. 
Marianne Lake: So obviously not to comment on everybody else's results but our results were in terms of the size of the economic downturn they were relatively in line and our results were relatively in line with a few minor sort of enhancements to our process. So we weren't actually looking for materially changed results in our mid-year (DEPAST) [ph]. So obviously we haven't had instructions yet, we are expecting them absolutely eminently possibly as early as this week in terms of guidance from the regulators on how to think about the bank holding company scenario for 2015 CCAR to the degree that there are more and more stressful idiosyncratic losses or stresses on leverage or other things, it could have an impact but we have to wait and see. 
Marianne Lake: And just one thing that the G18 does put a break to the back of the problem and but we are still awaiting actual regulatory guidance. So there is still the strong possibility that the guidance will be broader and we would encourage it to be broader if nothing else for simplicity purposes not necessarily because the G18 alone don't really achieve the result.  : And just one thing that the G18 does put a break to the back of the problem and but we are still awaiting actual regulatory guidance. So there is still the strong possibility that the guidance will be broader and we would encourage it to be broader if nothing else for simplicity purposes not necessarily because the G18 alone don't really achieve the result. 
Marianne Lake: Yes, so I mean our repo business is as you know substantially client driven and our clients are very interested in ensuring that they are giving us sufficient wallet to allow us to dedicate sufficient balance sheet to their business. So in that sense we continue to see repo as a strategic product for our clients and as cash resource quite frankly. So, it is obviously the case that as we understand any rules but meanwhile leverage rules have been out for a while and we’ve seen leverage reducing the industry overall but we continue to have a strong and healthy repo business.
Marianne Lake: I mean between the CCP and I think that FSC even put out a framework last night that talked about cross industry including non-financials standardized higher levels of haircut that we are supportive of. So, I think the combination of those two things achieve a great deal.
Marianne Lake: So, I mean I think that we would do exactly with this what we’ve done with everything else to-date which is overall we’re only going to put our balance sheet to and allow our clients to use it if the overall relationship over time pays us a sufficient return for that. We have the ability to do that somewhat methodically and so we’re being very surgical and very strategic about how we use our balance sheet. But it is a core strategic product for many of our clients and they want to continue to be able to do that. So, yes, we could. I mean if you look at the numbers, however, you want to cut them. There is within our repo business we do have a match book. We have inventory financing as well. We have clients. We’ve seen our short term wholesale funding so there are things we could do. We just don’t want to overreact.
Marianne Lake: So, I mean we talked before and you will see more over the coming few months about our own wallet and payments capability. So take Chase Pay and Quick Checkout where we would provide the capability for our customers to be able to have a much more seamless experience also for merchants to have a lower abandonment rates and continuing with the safety and security tokenization and other methods. So we’re continuing to work on our own proprietary wallet and payment capabilities that will be piloted and then subsequently launched over the course of the next coming months. And then there's obviously the case that we are out to pilot and in production on our end to end capability including Chase Net. So we’re signing up merchants at a faster rate than we expected and again you will hear more about that later. But our ability to now negotiate bilaterally economics with merchants and provide customers with compelling reasons to continue to bring share to us is also something we’re working on.
Marianne Lake: I mean I think it’s fair to say that what we’re seeing in the cyber space not surprisingly is this relentless constant and evolving set of attacks and we need to be constantly evolving and constantly vigilant in response, so it’s entirely reasonable to assume that we’ll continue to increase our investments over the course of the next several years and we’ll -- so it will be larger our we’ll let you know.
Marianne Lake: And that certainly helps across the payments phase, but there are other areas of vulnerability obviously.
Marianne Lake: So I think just an important point of clarification for what its worth is the that the FDIC found the industry’s 2013 plans not credible and the Fed did not. So it wasn’t a joint agency conclusion at that point. And so we haven’t had to comment on the 2014 plan yet. Having said that we talking to JPMorgan, we made substantial progress even between the '13 and '14 submissions, we’re in dialogs with our regulators to understand even more detail of what they found as being the limitations or the vulnerabilities in our credibility of the plans, we’re committed to remediation in by 2015. It has had little bearing on our business simplification agenda because it was already a very broad and appropriate agenda but we continue to work on all number of things around the place, critical operations, legal entities, simplification and we’ll continue to do so.
Marianne Lake: And we should add that obviously there is a protocol was specifically pointed out in that feedback and the industry voluntarily resolves that issue I think very well.
Marianne Lake: No. So I mean my point of view on this is that while we have started doing a filing more recently we've been well aware of the requirements for a reasonably long if not very long period of time and have reoriented our business to be compliant in substance with the requirement. So the fact that we are producing metrics at this point isn't having meaningful impact on our business. It is the case that we know over the course of the next year between now and the compliance date next July, we do expect to as an industry receive feedback on that data and we’ll have to see how that progresses but it's our point of view that our business is compliant.
Marianne Lake: Yes, I mean repo is a good example of that where the level of not concerned but the level of dialogue with clients around our willingness to continue to commit our balance sheet to that business has increased because others are less willing. And so we are seeing some of that visual.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So let me give you the down piece of it. One of them is not timing, it's just the continuation of a trend where trade finance loans are down substantially year-over-year. And so when you look at the overall loan balance is being impacted by trade markedly. And then on the client overdraft side, that is something that is a little bit lumpier obviously. So those two things are driving it down. But the point to the comment was a little bit not trivialized reported loan growth which was still positive but with those masking underlying performance in our credit portfolio in HFI loans. So our more traditional credit lending continues to grow and grow at 10% plus pace.
Marianne Lake: So I think -- look a reasonable point of view on that would be at the lower end of that range, at the 50 basis point. So remember when we -- obviously we’ll refine it and would update you but when we have thoughts about having a buffer, it’s been, it is there in order to protect us from range of issues including capital volatility driven by AOCI we regularly and routinely stress our portfolio to understand how much stress we could see in AOCI in a short period of time and that’s going to be one of the principle drivers. So I would say that’s the reasonable benchmark for the level that we would go to. That doesn’t mean we have to have that buffer in totality. As I said, buffers phase in between now and January of 2019. So whatever we decided it, however we communicate that to you, that as well as all of the other buffers capital conservation buffer and G-SIB will phase in.
Marianne Lake: As Jamie said the reality is that the why CCAR is operating while there has been good progress in the communication and dialog with the regulator, the reality remains that it is still not clear either quantitatively or qualitatively exactly how everything is working and therefore its unlikely to be the case that in this cycle that you’re going to see 100% or greater than 100% distribution, that’s my view.
Marianne Lake: So I mean just before we sort of get onto the business by business lens on it, I mean the reality mathematically is obviously true that if we have higher capital we would prima facie defacto have lower returns. But the reality hasn’t been that way over time. So, you know acutely that we’ve added significant capital over the last, however, many years. And have been able to over time continue to reorient the business and optimize against it to deliver strong returns. So could there be a decline in returns, we will obviously have to see what the rules look like. Clearly, at the moment, the most clear and present danger relates to higher G-SIB surcharges on short term wholesale funding. So in the first order impact of it would obviously have an impact on directly those businesses and products in the CIB but obviously if the company is holding more capital we’ll look more broadly. But I don’t think it’s a foregone conclusion that you’re going to see a pro-rata decline in our returns and obviously we are continuing to focus on our expenses and making sure that the overall business is as efficient as possible.
Marianne Lake: So I mean 10s in ROE, 13% ROTCE remember the target is an ROTCE target. It’s obviously right now in 2014 we’re in a bit of a cyclical low in a number of ways, and elevated expenses. So, it’s cyclical lows in mortgage at least for the first half of the year cyclical lows and some secular headwinds in the market space. Yes, we are reaching a peak in terms of control expenses so that is in part contributing reserve releases are low a little bit, the credit remains benign but as a relative matter they’re lower. But we are staring efficiencies in the face across our businesses over the course of the next two years. So, control costs will decline, CCP will deliver improvements in expense, CIB will also. Rates will be a meaningful piece. Clearly, you’ve seen our sensitivity to rising rates is relatively significant, but it’s not the only piece. When the economy generally recovers when loan growth recovers and volatility recovers, all those things, good things happen.
Marianne Lake: So just to talk about what will included in CCAR, the truth is we don’t know. So, what you have seen we have also read but that doesn’t constitute any kind of guidance, we haven’t received guidance yet. So we’re going to have to wait to see that. It wouldn’t be entirely surprising if there were some sort of leverage stress in that quantitatively, I can’t see to qualitatively. And then yes there have been more stringent guidance on leverage lending from the regulators over the course of the last year. And we’ve taken a fairly strict line on applying that. So it has in part been one of the reasons why we believe we have seen lower loan growth in some of our business than we would otherwise have seen.
Marianne Lake: I mean it’s still relative to 20 something million customers in household in the 23 something like that million households in the retail sales space is still relatively low. And from recollection we’ll check the numbers for you I think is in that 2 million to 3 million range, but nevertheless…
Marianne Lake: I mean if you look at year-over-year trends, they continue to be in there, I mean I think the first quarter year-over-year was 4%, 8% in the second quarter and 7% in the third quarter. I think we’re not expecting those year-over-year trends to be decelerate, obviously quarter-over-quarter things can be impacted just by the timing of closing loans. So fundamentally I would say no we aren’t seeing significant deceleration quarter-over-quarter within continued relative momentum solid across the board with obviously more challenges in the C&I space.
Marianne Lake: Relative through the $58 plus or minus that we previously said, no it’s principally in high revenues or higher market performance.
Marianne Lake: So just in terms of what is our binding constraint at the moment, it is CET 1, so Basel III advanced capital and risk based capital at the margin, so it’s not to say that the other ratios leverage liquidity and the like aren't comfortably around it and even stress capital. But that is currently our binding constraints. It’s very hard for us to give you a point of view of where you should do this in your model three years out when we’re staring potentially new rules in the face in the next two months. As I said earlier we are expecting over the course of the next 12 months that we’ll continue to accrete capital at to or above our 10.5% which is basically in line with what you guys all have in your models. Beyond that, it’s our expectation that hopefully anyway putting new rules aside that by the time we are in our fourth or fifth cycle of CCAR we have made substantial industry-wide progress in the sort of non-quantitative aspects of CCAR where we have more credible resolution and the like that we will be able to be more aggressive in our ability to seek capital distribution capability. So outside of any changes in rules we would hope at the end of 2015 into 2016 CCAR to be able to have payout ratios are much higher, but we will have to see.
Marianne Lake: Yes, there is. So about half of that I would call -- approximately half of that I would call relatively normal but included in that result there is actually a one-time item associated with accounting for a previous interest accrual that we released in the quarter which is one time you should expect that interest expense to go back up next quarter is something more normal.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So I think – yes it is, it is our belief that we should be able to manage the ratio to be able to improving overtime ultimately getting down to something much more in the mid-50s, so that is dependent on revenue growth associated with rates but not limited to rates. So in the absence of rates, but by the way just to point out, that is still our case that based upon continued improvement in the domestic economy the rates will start to rise in the middle of next year. But having said that even without rates we would hope to be able to continue to maintain the discipline to have that ratio be broadly flat to down. 
Marianne Lake: So since we talked about the $100 billion estimated deposit outflows associated with liquidity draining out in the system, remember that was predicated on believing that it was possible that the Fed would use the reverse repo program in much more size and is likely to be the case today for two reasons. One is that obviously they've made changes to the term deposit that allows them to now be LCR eligible which is helpful in terms of providing another tool in that toolkit and the second is that in September as you know the RRP was capped in total at $300 billion. That cap may or may not be permanent I am sure it will be recalibrated over time but it looks like it will be unlikely to reach the $1 billion that would have driven the $100 billion, so at $1 trillion that would have driven a 100 billion. So you can make your decision about whether its $300 million or $500 million in the foremost of time and scale our operating deposit outflows back relative to that knowing of course that it's already in operation at $300 billion right now. 
Marianne Lake: So, I would square in to it, the first is we already did have a better performance in the third quarter than would have been anticipated in our previous guidance given that that guidance was given during the sort of harder times of the second quarter. So that’s already in our run rate so to speak in terms of the comp that would accrue to that. And then if you sort of go back and in the form of the time look at the trends because I did say if the performance continues into the fourth quarter. So it will depend. We’ve always said and evidently maybe we should strip out comp from our adjusted expenses. But we’ve always said that the adjusted expense absolute number in any period is obviously going to be calibrated to the performance of the market related businesses. And clearly, you would wave in good revenues every day at 32% comp to revenue ratio. So that’s really all we were saying, nothing more subtle than that.
Marianne Lake: No, it’s not possible to talk about anything more detail I am afraid. Suffice to say that we are working with a number of regulators across a number of jurisdictions.
Marianne Lake: So you are right that when you roll forward during the first 12 months you do get the benefit of being able to continue to reinvest deposits as they mature up the curve in terms of their underlying investments. So that is the compounding effect of what you’re seeing in our earnings and risk shock. But what we showed I think and I am going to cease to recall it but maybe it was in the Barclays conference in 2013 is that you would expect once rates start to rise if they rise in a somewhat expected fashion so obviously it depends on what rate cost you want to put on that that you could expect the accumulative NII to be in our impact in three to four years.
Marianne Lake: That’s a very good point actually Brennan. All scenario does contemplate not only a more normal loan to deposit ratio, more normal interest bearing versus non-interest bearing deposit and also a higher feature on retail deposits just given the LCR competitive dynamics, the technology advancements and the like. So, to the best of our ability we’ve tried to bake that in and that’s included in our number.
Marianne Lake: So the deposits there were -- so in part not totality, in part the deposits that were likely to outflow through the RRP were non-operating deposits. And non-operating deposits we do not count for significant liquidity value in the firm we fundamentally has an on deposit at central banks at the Fed and so if they stay so we’ll come back to whether we would be willing to let them stay, but if they stay they will continue to basically be treated in that way and they are not included in terms of our assumption around asset sensitivity and forward looking NII.  Obviously over time we are in the same ways we talked about repo, we are looking at non-operating deposits for our client in the context of their overall relationship and so that is another valuable use of our balance sheet with leverage capital alike against it and in the fullness of time we’ll expect the overall relationship to pay for that, but we are going to wait and see some of those dynamics play out.  So other than that, I will just go back to the earlier comment I made that we do have a high level of HQLA and not in cap nor in securities but it is in order to make sure that we have adequate liquidity both under our own stresses most importantly but also under LCR and NSFR and we feel good and add modest buffers relative to them.
Marianne Lake: So we are continuing to see credit trends improve, delinquencies come down, modification pipelines, all the metrics are coming down, obviously they are coming down from a much smaller place this year than they were last and the year before. So the pace of improvement or the relative pace is slower but we are expecting that to continue down through 500s and into the 400s in 2015. And then just more longer term, you know that we are focused on ensuring that through the next cycle we have a smaller delinquency portfolio and so a more normal level would be substantially less than this. 
Marianne Lake: Yes, so I mean we talked last quarter about the fact that we had loss share a combination of things primarily our strategy around the government mortgage space but also a little bit of share in what I would call in our target segment. So we've made that back. So in some part it's just continuing to leverage our balance sheet properly due very granular marginal pricing to really focus on changing and improving our customer operating processes. So across the board, we just continue to get very granular and try and be as competitive as we can. 
Marianne Lake: So just to be very clear, maybe it's actually slightly higher than Investor Day in terms of our guidance. So look obviously any guidance that we give you and no good deed goes unpunished but any guidance we give is always predicated on based upon what we know today and so if something changes that would change that point of view will obviously have to recalibrate it. But just prima fascia having the requirement to have extra long-term debt or lots of building capital and/or capital wouldn't necessarily prima facie change the overall RWA we have. You have to be careful to ensure that by having higher levels of capital does not incentive to want to stretch in the credit box. So we have very tight credit discipline. So I wouldn’t see that being a material change the outlook but obviously if there is a change in rules that directly affect RWA, that would do.
Marianne Lake: I mean look it is the case that a lot of refinance has already happened. So the debt maturity wall is smaller although rates are lower than we may have expected at this point in time. So I would -- so therefore yes it is reasonable to assume that there is going to be some continued headwind but having said that, I think there is going to be windows of opportunity. So we’re going to -- M&A and ECM are more constructive and likely to be more buoyant, but I think that capital market still has windows of opportunity.  
Jamie Dimon: And remember you all have forecast where our CET 1 goes up to 10.5 or 10.8 or something like that, when the new CCAR rules come out we’ll probably be able to fine tune where it might look like at the end of 2015.
Jamie Dimon: And we’ve also been remember very careful, the purpose here to protect and grow the client franchise, meet the regulatory agenda and then we’ll adjust to all these changes as they take place, the big ones we’re go to know by the end of the year.
Jamie Dimon: So Mark Carney of the FSB and the Bank of England, Chairman said that two major things remain to finish kind of the too big to fail issues. One is the how you deal with derivatives and the second is TLAC and that both of those would be done this year. This is the thing has been done, it's a great example, I think it was 18 firms who got together and came up in a very complex way globally how to deal with this in a way that the regulators and the Fed put out a press release and Mark Carney has been positive about it and it was industry led. So we do think it does solve that issue. So all the buy cycles do it. It will be eventually all the sales side I mean the other way around, all the buy side will eventually want to do it because it’s actually better for the business as a whole, maybe not better for one trading desk but it's better for the business as a whole and it's a little coercive. So that the regulators are basically saying that to do further derivatives you're going to have to adopt these new rules and we think over time a lot of you will do it. 
Jamie Dimon: And we were also in a position where even if the buy side doesn't for some reason that we would be able to manage that risk overtime and it would diminish overtime because in the short duration of the derivatives. 
Jamie Dimon: We’re okay with the higher margin that's generated margin rules and if they go to kind of a tri-party CCP they’ll be fine too and it would elevate other issues at that point in time.
Jamie Dimon: Our basic philosophy has been that you the customer who want to be able to use your debit cards, your credits in a way that you want and then we want to make it available to you whether its Apple Pay, in-store apps other people’s wallets, these are wallet, our own -- all of which will have benefits et cetera. And as Marianne said, we think that we can also be friendly to merchants with data, with pricing, with simplified contracts. So we’re trying to make this an ecosystem works better for everybody and is far more secure, higher customers on both sides and far more secure.
Jamie Dimon: Yes, I was just estimating if I was taking a guess that it will double over the next four or five years.
Jamie Dimon: I’d like to clarify that quoted in the press not accurately because this is one area where the government and businesses have been collaborating really well. And for a long time is because all these government agencies and I think we need that because the government sees all kind of attacks and they have a fountain of information. And then also industry self-collaborates which is we share information with other banks immediately when we see something happening, so maybe even if something happens to you, you can help one of your brethren avoid a problem like that. And then cyber goes beyond just yourself, its making sure that all your vendors you deal with have proper cyber controls, that all the exchanges have proper cyber controls. So this is -- we’ve identified this as a huge effort, we’ve been very good at it, the most recent breach which we’re not going to make excuses for. We’ll invest any and all things we just do to get it right. Our customers are protected which is critical but we don’t want these things to be happening. But it’s going to be a battle, you’ve already seen a lot of very, very serious far more serious than personal data being taken, where social security numbers, security codes, account numbers et cetera. And we do think that unfortunately there are going to be some wins and losses in this. This is not going to be one of those things where it’s going to be absolute and we don’t want to be sitting here saying you can absolutely be protected because we think that will put you in a false sense of security.
Jamie Dimon: And [indiscernible] security about who came to what systems, when they use private computers with private lines as opposed to public computers from home. There are all these things we are all doing and we’ve had some great people come in audit us and this is one area I suggest to most companies, get someone to come who in as an expert at this. . We have our own attacker system where we have our own people trying to get through, so we’re always trying to look where we might have a weak spot.
Jamie Dimon: Industry wide as people push LCR and capital and some of these rules down to the trading desk that you did see a reduction in inventories et cetera, but our view is that market making is a critical role in society and it has to take place, we have 16,000 clients and so we really do focus on serving those clients and we've electrified more of it, some of them will go to clearing houses, some of it would be -- but we want to be there for the clients and we will see how the industry sorts out. Some people in the industry are making much more drastic decisions than others. And our decision has been to be there, to make markets. And just try to adjust the new rules which may make it a little bit more costly to trade.
Jamie Dimon: I think it wasn't the report reporting requirements, I think it was pushing down at LCR, the cost of capital, the cost of debt and the traders reduced their balance sheets a little bit and they were a little more cautious how to use balance sheet. And that's industry wide. And then some people said we simply can’t stay in these areas. I've seen people exit certain trading areas. 
Jamie Dimon: And remember the benefit is more for the first 100 a little bit less to the second 100, a little bit less to the third 100, a little bit less to 400 because there is increasing re-pricing of deposits at that level. And we don’t know exactly what the yield curve will be four years out. And also we do embed in that our own estimates of competition and re-pricing.
Jamie Dimon: In the typical quarter end, we have a lot of large clients leave a lot of deposits here which obviously are not necessarily good for us in terms of LCR or capital etcetera and we will be looking at how we manage those client relations overtime too. The other thing I remember is securities portfolio is as rates go up the duration of that extends on its own.
Jamie Dimon: And so we will be managing that and yes we might invest more than 1 point but we are in a very conservative position right now.
Jamie Dimon:: I don’t think it makes it less attractive, for the one reason if you look at one contract that someone may have in one fund or something like that, it may make it slightly less attractive. But if you looked at the improved safety of the system I think it makes it more attractive. So people believe that doing this makes the whole system safer, every institution say while on the one contract side I will prefer to have the optimality but for the total I’d like the fact the system is protected and we have time to work all those out. If the resolution works that is really, really good for everybody. I mean everybody would have preferred that there was a resolution process in place for Lehman. The pain and suffering would have been far less across derivatives even though they didn’t have the same -- they had more protection derivatives at the time.
Jamie Dimon:: Remember the FSB led by Mark Carney has made it -- they have said publically that the two big remaining pieces are TLAC, which should be done this year, and the derivatives stay, that would be common harmonization around the globe and those two pieces are going to be in place and make resolution much more achievable.
Jamie Dimon:: It’s going to get a little stricter in the refi part of the leverage loans, and obviously whatever the terms are we will meet the terms and some of that business will go to non-banks, some banks who are not regulated by the OCC and the Fed.
Jamie Dimon:: Look again our view is to -- if you’re a client and you want to use your Apple Phone to pay with NFC at a merchant, that’s fine. We don’t want to say you can’t use your JPMorgan Chase credit card or debit card. And like we said we’re going to be in other people’s wallets too and we’re going to have our own which we think will have some competitive advantage. So will it cannibalize? Sure, but we’re not against cannibalizing our own business or disrupting ourselves if we’re building a better business and are gaining share. Certainly our goal is to gain share. We do believe a little bit and you know when Jeff Bezos says your margin is my opportunity, we want to be the people that come with new ideas and stuff that are getting more of our customers using our stuff and happier. And if reduces certain margins somewhere, so be it.
Jamie Dimon:: And we always said that might be the case. So we’re meeting our overhead numbers and the comp itself is bouncing around a little bit. Remember in the old days we used to break out IB comp in total for that reason.
