Jamie Dimon: Jeremy, thank you very much. Hello, everybody. I just wanted to give you a little more insight to how we’re looking at capital and interest rates a little bit. So capital planning, we’re very comfortable with the earnings power of this company, which, you can see, is enormous and the margins and the returns. And more importantly than that is we’re growing franchise value, I think, all around the Firm. And in most areas, we’re up in market share, in a few areas, we’re not, and of course, that disappoints us. But the earnings power gives us a lot of confidence that we’ll get over that 13% in the first quarter. But we always have to keep in mind the volatility and a bunch of other things. So, we know we have to deal with Basel IV. We don’t know when and how this is going to be, and any change in GSIB such as an uncertainty in back of our mind. AOCI: AOCI was traditionally countercyclical, but this kind of environment is more pro-cyclical. So, think of it as rates go up another 100 basis points, that’s $4 billion, easily can handle it just in the back of our mind. CECL: CECL already incorporates a percent of what we think the adverse consequences might be. But obviously, if the environment gets worse, we’ll have to add to reserves. And/or if we change our outlook, meaning that we think the chance of adverse events are higher, we’ll change our reserves. Put in the back of your mind that if unemployment goes to 5% or 6%, you’re probably talking about $5 billion or $6 billion over the course of a couple of quarters. Again, easy to handle, not a big deal. It just doesn’t affect capital a little bit. And then, RWA management, I mean, I think we’re showing that we can easily manage RWA and drive it down in some areas and up in other areas and stuff like that. With that what I would say, a very limited financial effect. And the way you should look at this is, we don’t tell commercial bank or investment bank don’t get new business, don’t serve your clients. So we’re serving clients the way we always do, and you see the loan book growing in a lot of areas, but there are some discretionary things which barely affect us. So, we’re not putting -- conforming mortgage on the balance sheet, whether we originate them or whether correspondents originate the most part, because it makes very low sense to do that in the balance sheet, and we make other choices. And so we’ve got a lot of tools to manage it. Obviously, with the capital requirements going up, we’re going to find ways to reduce RWA. I’m talking about over years strategically, I think without affecting our basic franchises. Interest rates: I think the way to look at it is we’re fairly neutral at this point, interest rates going up or down. Jeremy said the $19 billion, please do not annualize that. There are a lot of uncertainties today. And I’m just going to mention a few. We’re not worried about them. It’s not going to change things dramatically, but does change things. What’s going to be QT’s effect on deposits? How much deposit migration you’re going to have in this new technological environment? And there are pluses and minus from that. And of course, there are lags. There are lags in consumer. There can be some lags in treasury services. There can be some lags in commercial banking. So it’s just on the back of the mind, we’re going to kind of actively manage that. And the other thing I want to point out is that taking investment securities losses for the most part, it could be want to sell our rich securities and replacement chief securities. We don’t want to be locked into something we think will get worse and not take a chance to buy something that we think will get better. So, you might expect to see that taking place now. There may be some securities loss in the future, we can do that. We’re not doing -- we can do this to manage interest rate exposure. But for the most part, we can do that with swaps to or other things. We just do it the most efficient and effective way. I want the people that manage these portfolios to know that we can sell things we don’t want to own and buy things that we do want to own. And other than that, we think it was a very, very good strong quarter across the board. And I guess, we’ll open for questions now.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. As you know, I think CECL has informed us the bad accounting policy. Honestly, I wouldn’t spend too much time on it because it’s not a real number. It’s a hypothetical probability-based number. And the way I’m trying to make it very simple for you. So, if you look at the pandemic, we put up $15 billion over two quarters, and then we took it down over three or four after that. Okay? And all it did swing all these numbers, and it didn’t change that much. I’m trying to give you a number, obviously, this number to be plus or minus several billion. But if unemployment goes to 60%, [ph] and that becomes the central kind of case, and then you have possibilities it gets better and possibilities it gets worse, we would probably add something like $5 billion or $6 billion. That probably would happen over two or three quarters. I mean, that’s as simple I can make it. Right now, what we have -- right now, we already have a percent in these adverse -- in severe adverse case. We can -- if we change that next quarter, that will be part of that $6 billion I’m talking about.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. I think, we’re in an environment where it’s kind of odd, which is very strong consumer spend. You see it in our numbers, you see it in other people’s numbers, up 10% prior to last year, up 35% pre-COVID. Balance sheets are very good for consumers. Credit card borrowing is normalizing, not getting worse. You might see -- and that’s really good. So, you go in a recession, you’ve got a very strong consumer. However, it’s rather predictable if you look at how they’re spending and inflation. So, inflation is 10% -- reduces that by 10%. And that extra cap -- money they have in the checking accounts will deplete probably by sometime midyear next year. And then, of course, you have inflation, higher rates, higher mortgage rates, oil -- volatility war. So, those things are out there, and that is not a crack in current numbers, it’s quite predictable. It will strain future numbers.
Jamie Dimon: I mentioned QT as being one of the uncertainties because it’s a very large change in the flow of funds around the world, who are the buyers and sellers of sovereign debt. There’s a lot of sovereign debt. But I think if you look at -- the tilting [ph] alone is a bump, it’s not going to change what we do or how we do it. And you’re going to see bumps like that because all of the things I already mentioned. It’s inevitable that you’re going to see them. Whether they create systemic risk, I don’t know. I have pointed out, it’s harder for banks to intermediate in that, and that creates a little bit more fragility in the system. That does not mean that you’re going to see a crack of some sort. But again, it’s almost impossible not to have real volatility based on the fact where I told you. Those are large uncertainties that we know about today and in the future.
Jamie Dimon: Now, I would just like to add. Obviously, compensations go up or down dramatically. So, you’ll have different estimates about investment banking revenues and markets revenues, and we can’t really adjust for your numbers for that. But I just want to point out the other side of this, we’re making heavy investments and we have among the best margins in the business. I think that’s a very good thing.
Jamie Dimon: There are no real levels of loan write-down this quarter, and that market isn’t yet clear. We own -- our share of it is very small. So, we’re very comfortable.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. I’ve already mentioned, you have a rapidly changing yield curve deposit migration. Everyone does EAR differently. So, one is lag. One is we assume deposit migration. Some people don’t. We assume -- our ECR is included there, some people don’t and all of that. I just think for your models, because of all that kind of stuff, just use a number less than annualized in the 19. So, instead of 76, use a number like 74. Just keep it as simple as possible, and we don’t know. We hope to beat that, but with all the stuff going on, I just -- you just got to be a little cautious and conservative.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. That’s obviously a good question. The answer is yes. And one of the things we always look at is normalized ROTCE. So, we’re very honest. We are -- we’re not over earning in NII, maybe a little bit because the lags and stuff like that, but not a lot, but we are over earning on credit. Think of credit card. And the 1.5%, we’ve never seen a number of that low risk. We’re quite conscious of that. So we don’t drag about the 19% this quarter, figure that’s going to continue but it was not. And obviously, we may adjust that 17 a little bit, but it’s not a material adjustment. We’re going to -- we’ve got a lot of great, bright people. We’re going to find a lot of ways to squeeze some of these things down, including like call CCAR is and SCB and liquidate some assets and change business models just a little bit. If you look at our acquisition, for example, they were a non-G-SIFI acquisitions, noncapital, non-G-SIFI, all services and service related. So, that’s what we’re going to do over time, and we’re pretty comfortable that we’ll get very good returns. So yes, we’re quite -- and next year is totally dependent on what happens in [Technical Difficulty]. But the other thing I would look at, maybe both given this number of other time, is what would we earn in a recession? We would have pretty damn good returns in a recession. I mean -- so I feel very good about that.
Jamie Dimon: We’re advancing the Markets businesses at the yield curve. So, you’re earning this and you’re paying to finance the training book.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. So, the way to do that is in our CECL -- in our reserves today, there is a significant percentage probability that we put on adverse and severe adverse already. So, it’s in there already. A lot of people work in the CECL reserves. Our economists, Jeremy, a lot of other folks. It’s not set by me because I have to think that the odds might be different than other people. And so -- but I conclude as Jeremy saying. But the numbers are very good. We have some of that. I’m trying to be very honest about if things get worse, here’s what it might will mean for reserves. That may be different because, of course, these calculations change a lot of time. But that will be, Michael, which is another thing, which is CECL, the timing of when something happens is very important. So, if it happens, if you said a recession is going to happen in the fourth quarter of next year, that would be very different -- so, it’s going to happen in the first quarter of next year.
Jamie Dimon: They’re roughly the same. We’re just getting closer to what you and I might consider bad events. So -- in my hurricane, I’ve been very consistent, but looking at probabilities and possibilities. There is still, for example, a possibility of a soft land. We can debate what we think that percentage of yours might be different than mine, but there’s a possibility of a mild recession. Consumers are in very good shape, companies are in a very good shape. And there’s possibility is something worse, mostly because of the war in Ukraine and oil price and all things like that. Those -- I would not change by possibilities and probabilities this quarter versus last quarter, for me. And that’s relatively different point.
Jamie Dimon: Betsy, it’s exactly what we showed you at Investor Day, almost no change. So, take out that deck, we broke out by business kind of investment. Investment spend in tech is pretty much on track for that.
Jamie Dimon: No, I think I said we sell rich securities and buy cheap. So, if you look at -- if you looked what happened to mortgage spreads, they gapped out. They gapped in, we bought. They gapped out, we sold and that kind of stuff, you’re getting 2, getting 2.5s. So you can have different point of views. But, I do expect future bond losses going forward. I just don’t think that’s real earnings. So, I think -- but I want our people, our experts in the investment areas to know, if they really want to sell something, we’re going to sell it. We’re not going to sit here and lock ourselves into somebody who’s gotten very, very rich because we feel like we can’t take a bond loss. And remember, it doesn’t affect capital. And in fact, when you reinvest it, which we tend to do, we actually have higher earnings going forward.
Jamie Dimon: And let me just add too, like you saw the CLOs gapped out in Europe. I want our people, when they gapped out -- like 300 or 400 basis points, I want them to be willing to buy. They might sell something to do that, but that is a very smart thing to do.
Jamie Dimon: I’ll mention, and Jeremy, you might have something to add. So, the LDI thing is a bump in the road. And I think the Bank of England is also trying to get through this thing without changing the policy about monetary policy and QT. And I was surprised to see how much leverage there was in some of those pension plans. And my experience in life has been you have things like what we’re going through today, there are going to be other surprises. Someone is going to be off sides. We don’t see anything looks systemic, but there is leverage in certain credit portfolio, there’s leverage for certain companies -- there is leverage. So you’re probably going to see some of that. I do think you see volatile markets. You already see very low liquidity. So, something like the LDI think could cause more issues down the road, if it happens constantly and stuff like that. But so far, it’s a bump in the road. The banking system itself is extraordinarily strong.
Jamie Dimon: Well, we’re -- because we’re -- we generally -- we do not -- we’re not taking them. We generally hedge when it comes to big currencies and stuff like that. But yes, dollar flows, QT, emerging markets hedge funds, yes, that would be a category that might -- something might happen there. It wouldn’t be -- it shouldn’t be something that’s going to affect JPMorgan that much. In fact, it usually creates an opportunity for JPMorgan.
Jamie Dimon: Just to add to the strength of the franchise, I remember looking back at our emerging markets results by quarter over a decade, it was shocking to me how few quarters and how few countries we ever lost money. We may have had low returns in some quarters, but it was shocking. We made money in Argentina every -- almost every year for the last 20 years. And I think there was one quarter we put up reserves for one of the oil companies and took them down, but it’s kind of very -- the stability is striking.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. We look at everything from the Fed repo, deposit tightening to net issuance of treasury, net issuance of mortgages and treasury volatility and treasury bid-ask spreads and treasury markets and all that. We’re looking at all of that. The banking itself is extremely strong, extremely strong. It’s not -- what you’re going to see will not be in the banking. And there may be bankers outside somewhere, but it will be somewhere else. It will be somewhere else. It might be in credit, it might be in emerging margins. It might be in FX, but you’re likely to have something like that, you have events like the ones we’re talking about.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. And I’ve always pointed out to you all, the pipelines come and go, okay? You’ve seen that the size, there never had before. So pipeline is not necessarily to see. I would put in your model lower IB revenues next quarter than this quarter based on what we see today. Markets, we have no idea. Seasonally, it’s generally a low quarter, the fourth quarter, but we don’t know this quarter because there’s so much activity taking place, and your guess is as good as ours.
Jamie Dimon: Well, it has. I mean look at the volumes and mortgage have dropped and cars, the quota have dropped and stuff like that. And that’s already in our numbers, and we would expect that to continue that way.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. I think I -- I don’t know if you were listening when I said it before. QT, net issuance in mortgages, net issuance in treasuries globally is going to reduce deposits and create certain forms of volatility and absolutely incorporated that our thinking, including lags, the change in the yield curve, change in spreads and all those things in the numbers we gave you. And that’s why we’re being -- trying to be conservative in NII, that while you can annualize the 19 to 76, it’s going have a model, put in 74 and it incorporates all of that.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. Thanks, Ken. Good morning. Okay. So, at Investor Day, you’ll recall that Jen said that we expected betas to be low this cycle as they were in the prior cycle, which was a low beta cycle by historical standards. And what we’re now seeing, as we see the rate hikes come through and we see the deposit rate paid develop, is that we’re seeing realized betas being even lower than the prior cycle, just through the actuals. And the question was why is that? And it’s, of course, we don’t really know, but plausible theories include the speed of the hikes, which probably means that some of this is lagged, but also the fact that the system is more better positioned from a liquidity perspective than in prior cycles. So, as we look forward, we know that lags are significant right now. We know that at some point, that will start to come out. Obviously, in wholesale, they come out much faster. That’s probably starting to happen now. But the exact timing of how that develops is going to be very much a function of the competitive environment in the marketplace for deposits, and we’ll see how that plays out.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. I’ll take that, Ebrahim. Thanks. The short answer to that question is just no. We just don’t see anything that you could realistically describe as a crack in any of our actual credit performance. I made some comments about this in the prepared remarks on the consumer side. But we’ve done some fairly detailed analysis about different cohorts and early delinquency bucket entry rates and stuff like that. And we do see, in some cases, some tiny increases. But generally, in almost all cases, we think that’s normalization, and it’s even slower than we expect, so.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. Thanks, Jim. So broadly, yes, it still holds. No real change on the outlook. Just to remind everyone, at Investor Day, I think the consensus was 79.5 for 2023. We said you were a little low. I think it got revised up to sort of the 80.5 or something like that. And that’s still -- that’s not -- still roughly in the right ballpark. Obviously, we’re going through our budget cycle. We’re looking at the opportunity side and the environment set for next year. So, it’s not in stone. But broadly, on the question of investment, and I’m sure Jamie will agree here that our investment decisions are very much through the cycle decisions. And so, we’re not going to tend to change those just because of a sort of difference in the short-term economic environment. Of course, the volume and revenue-related expense can fluctuate as a function of the environment, as you would expect. 
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. Thanks, John. And I’d love to have a very long conversation with you about this, but I’m going to keep it short here. It’s really all about lags. So, as our disclosure says, we do not include the impact of reprice lags in our EAR calculation. So, as a result of that, the entire calculation is based on modeled rates paid in the terminal state. As you well know, right now, we’re in the middle of some very significant lags, which are affecting the numbers quite a bit and which we expect to persist for some time. So, as a result of that, what I would expect in the near term is something quite similar to what we’ve experienced this year. As you know, this year, as rates have gone up, we’ve revised our NII outlook from 50 at the beginning of the year to now 61.5. So, as we look forward in the near term from here, I would expect similar type sensitivities or rate fluctuations given the lag environment that we’re in.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes, Erika. I mean, basically, as rates go up, the funding cost goes up. And the offsets on the other side, in many cases, work through derivatives or derivatives like instruments, so it goes through NIR. Fundamentally, we believe the Markets business revenue is rate insensitive. You can see that history through our disclosures this year. So, as you look out to next year with the forward curve implying a much less biased evolution of Fed funds, you shouldn’t expect to see as many changes at least from rates. Of course, we can sometimes see somewhat more unpredictable changes from balances, but that should be unbiased, one way or the other.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes, I’m not going to [Technical Difficulty] what was traditionally the case that emerging markets struggle, sovereign struggle with the kind of dollar strength that we’re experiencing right now, but our emerging market franchise folks have been through these cycles before. So, we manage through it.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. I mean, Gerard, broadly, if you just look at standard regulatory reporting of LCR ratios in the U.S. banking system, everyone just has very significant surpluses. And of course, we can go into the question of as QT plays through and how that interacts with RPM loan growth, whether that puts some pressure on banking system deposits, but that’s starting from a very, very strong position. So, there’s a lot of cushion there for that to come down before you start to have a real challenge from a liquidity perspective.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. Matt, let me take your last question first. So, in general, no, we underwrite through the cycle. We haven’t -- we didn’t really loosen our underwriting standards in the moment where everything looked great. And so, we don’t see any need to tighten now, really a lot of consistency there. In terms of the actual loan growth outlook, we have said for this year, obviously, only one quarter left, that we’d have high single digits. No meaningful change in that outlook there, probably a little bit of a headwind as a function of rates, as you mentioned, and some of the RWA optimization in mortgages. As we go into next year, we remain very positive and optimistic about the card story across a range of dimensions, in terms of both, outstandings and revolve normalization. But for the rest of the loan growth environment, it’s going to be, I think, very dependent, especially in wholesale on the macro situation. We know that in recession environments, we tend to see lower loan demand. At the same time, we’ve got a lot of great initiatives going and client engagement and new clients. So, we’ll just have to see how that plays out next year.
