Marianne Lake: Thank you. Good morning everyone. I’m going to take you through with the presentation, which is available on our website. Please refer to the disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements at the back of the presentation. So if you turn to Page 1, a very strong start to the year with record net income of $6.5 billion for the first quarter and record EPS of $1.59 a share, on revenue of $25.8 billion and a return on tangible common equity of 17% for the quarter. You can see on Page 1, we’ve highlighted upfront two significant items; a $650 million reserve release in mortgage and $500 million reserve release in card. And as I go through the presentation, I’ll also be highlighting for you a number of smaller items some positive and some negatives. We continue to maintain the leadership positions we highlighted at Investor Day; Number One ATM Network, Number Two Branch Network, Number Two Mortgage Originator, Number One Credit Card Issuer in the U.S., and Number One ranking in Global IBCs. And we’re on track to deliver against our expense targets for the year. On a reported basis, total loans for the company were up 1% with core loan growth, excluding run-off up 5%. Favorable credit performance continued in our wholesale and core consumer portfolios with low levels of delinquencies and charge-offs. As the housing market recovers, losses in the real estate portfolio continue to improve and this quarter, we saw 30+ delinquency decline by 14%, and severities improve. So if you turn to Page 3 for a brief capital update, we ended the quarter with Basel I and Basel III Tier I common of $143 billion and $146 billion respectively, both up from last quarter. Our Basel I ratio is 10.2%, which reflects the impact of new market risk rules that went into effect in January and the 10.2% compares to a ratio of 9.9% the last quarter as measured on the same basis.
Marianne Lake: Actually John, that’s a good way of looking at it. The $6 billion we’ve authorized to repurchase relates to employee issuance at the same period just a little bit over $2 billion.
Marianne Lake: Hi, Glenn.Glenn Schorr – Nomura Securities (US): Hello there. First of all, the first deadline for compliance with central clearing came and went and it clearly didn’t have much of an impact on your first quarter FICC results. So I am curious I hear commentary in the market that a lot of clients might not be ready for either the second or the third deadlines later this year. Curious what you are expecting and if you do think it could produce any hiccup in activity levels.
Marianne Lake: Yeah, so if you take our Basel I RWA went up about couple of hundred billion dollars that’s all about the implementation of the new market risk rules and Basel 2.5, which is also why you saw our ratio go down from reported 11% last quarter. So it’s really all explained by that, and our Basel III RWA was flattish quarter-over-quarter with some pluses and some minuses.
Marianne Lake: Yes, from recollection. And again Glenn – forgive me if I get it wrong, it’s on the slides on the firm overview in Investor Day that I think that a 100 basis points equates to about $180 billion of RWA over the next two years. But remember the passive runoff will take place over time; not completely linearly but over time and the model enhancements can be a little bit lumpier and a little bit more back ended. So we’ll just have to see how that pays out. But, yes, we’re still expecting for those things to happen for us to get 100 basis points of benefit from that and that’s without the active mitigation, that’s going to happen over the course of time.Glenn Schorr – Nomura Securities (US): Okay, last one… 
Marianne Lake: So there is a little bit of passive mitigation with a little bit of runoff and there was also some declines as we purchase that securities and those were offset by some other things. So it wasn’t a very big number because as I say that wasn’t leading over time and the model enhancements which were about a half of the 100 basis point benefit will be a bit back ended.
Marianne Lake: Yes, so we showed you at Investor Day that we had a gap to be fully compliant, we are going to be compliant by the end of the year. We did close that gap, we closed not completely by about a third, obviously we also disclosed on the slide, you will see our HQLA or high quality liquid assets which it has a relationship based on up, but that is a numerator and the denominator changes to, so think about this and we made good progress, we closed the gap by about a third and we are on the way to compliance.
Marianne Lake: And that’s in terms of the timeline, we are resubmitting as requested in the third quarter. We’re doing everything between now and then to remediate and improve our processes following that feedback. So, we are committed to being successful.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. Brennan, I think it’s very hard to predict and you’re right that it bounces around and then it can be noisy. We have high level of litigation reserves in the third quarter of last year and we hope that the numbers will remain low but we can’t predict them for you I’m afraid.
Marianne Lake: Yes, I mean it’s tough to predict but maybe the thing is, look at is if you take off pretax spread right now of 100 basis points that compares to a longer term sort of average run rate of 65 basis points before the crisis. So we’ve been setting down from a very, very high level at the beginning of 2012 and we’re back to a level where frankly we are not that far away from the longer term run rate and it’s driven by the primary, secondary spread which came in about 20 basis points in the quarter back to levels again still more normal. So I don’t know I could say anymore in present but it doesn’t feel like we have another big step change to guys.
Marianne Lake: Yeah, but we do, Erika we do expect that we will be continuing to pay capital just through this 100 basis points of passive runoff mitigation, so certainly our capital levels will be stronger and we just have to see how things play out.L. Erika Penala – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Marianne Lake: So, if I could, little difficult to side it for you, but we did see I don’t know still people thought in the fourth quarter just given the year end issues that people were concerned about, and so that has had an impact. I think it’s slightly less of an impact and in terms of competitive landscape and there are deals being done with terms and conditions and pricing that we’re not comfortable at the moment, and we’re just remaining very disciplined, so that has had an impact for us.
Marianne Lake: So Mike, it’s Marianne, so we’re in constant dialogue with our regulators, and so we know that we should be expecting some more consent orders, but to clarify for you they relate to issues that we’ve been working on over the course of the last several years so even though new breaking issues that will surprise you in any material way.
Marianne Lake: So Mike, we can’t really go into the details of the reports in specifics, but we obviously respect the work of the subcommittee where we respect the findings they had and we’re working very hard to fix our issues and as it relates to the proposal and the recommendation to require documentation associated with portfolio hedging, identifying the specific risks that the hedge is designed to mitigate and then monitoring over time, we tend to agree that that makes a lot of sense in the context of what we face.
Marianne Lake: No, actually, there was couple of things I would say, first that, we are organizing ourselves around the control and regulatory agenda, because it’s a high priority for us and we are getting ourselves organized in the same way as we would around in our merger and acquisition. And in doing that we are prioritizing our work, but we’re not changing our overall strategy, we are not going to change the way, we see our customers how we think about growing our businesses, but at the margin we’re going to refocus our energies on making sure that we execute on the commitments to improve the control and regulatory environment.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. I mean, it’s helped me, we do in the second quarter, it is a real reduction in risk across the portfolio including and not driven by that, including the synthetic credit portfolio which we continue to de-risk. But, it is important to know if you look across asset classes, there’s been a very significant decline in levels of volatility, that effect, the time series around the back period, so that necessarily have bad days rolled off and better days rolled on and so when we complete our bar, pushing the bar down lower. So, as long as volatility remains lower and we continue to de-risk, there are reasons to believe they will be at or around this level, but it is going to be subject to changes and volatility as and when they happen.Matthew Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Marianne Lake: Yeah, it’s an all-in number for us. So, to the degree that we expect that to happen by the year end, it’s all part of the number including some (inaudible) the whole thing.
Marianne Lake: Yeah, I’ll take the two things separately the PPNR section and trading losses. So, on the trading losses obviously there is a number of different [stresses] that we do and while our number was different. I don’t think we feel like there is anything about our processes that is in the period you’re going to change that as it relates to PPNR. We did get feedback that we need to look at certain of our revenue models and we need to look at them more centrally and as Jamie said, with a slightly more negative view at it idiosyncratically and we are going to do that.
Marianne Lake: So, couple of things, one is we are expecting to and hoping to, we set a target for ourselves to gain share. We do expect volumes to be supported by refinancing this year, so that is our expectation that could change of course. And then as it relates to the cost structure, obviously that comes down a little bit more slowly over time but we’re making progress. And we talked about the fact that we expect that to be down at $600 million run rate for the fourth quarter and down to $325 million sometime over the next couple of years. And we’re actively working on optimizing our servicing business both the core performing servicing and so that obviously with the (inaudible) sale, but also where it would make sense we would be open to doing sales on sub-servicing of delinquent loans and we’re working two of things to try and get the cost structure to the best as it can be.
Marianne Lake: And I see you couldn’t normalize out to DVA, which was an odd loss last process if you normalize that our out revenues are down. So it’s not come down on that number.Guy Moszkowski – Autonomous Research LLP: Yes, that’s fair. That’s fair.
Marianne Lake: We did a whole page for you on where we thought the cycle reserve levels should be by business. Now some businesses most obviously that still have a way to go and there are other businesses in the wholesale side and the commercial banks that are below that through the cycle. So I would refer you back to that page, if you do the numbers from recollection on an annualized basis, our charge-off would be more or like $7 billion or $8 billion which more or less is not dissimilar the charge-off we’ve seen it for different reasons, so I would refer you to take a look at that page.
Marianne Lake: Yeah, so we talked about we peaked into the HARP volumes in about second quarter of last year. I think overall, the first half of last year was high, came down slightly over 15%. Last year, we talked at our Investor Day that we thought that we go down to the high single digit this year and it is in terms of percentage of our production. And we are very, very active and have been very proactive in mailing our HARP population and expected to have completed the program by the end of the year. So we were on track and this doesn’t change our expectations.
James Dimon: I think the issuance number is fairly level and consistent quarter-by-quarter because it is really based upon amortization of restricted stock and all that.John McDonald – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay. Okay.
James Dimon: And the buyback, the $2.6 billion, that was over the course of the quarter. So it averaged out to half of that through the quarter. So we can give you more detail on that little bit later John.John McDonald – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay, but it’s steady throughout the year, that’s what I was getting at.
James Dimon: The $6 billion will offset how much average amortization over the same 12 month period like $2 billion…
James Dimon: For accounting purposes.John McDonald – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: $2 billion for the year and $6 billion for the year. Okay, great. Thank you.
James Dimon: …something like that, and that’s where you have a lot of asset manager, a lot of bigger client stuff like that. People are still getting use to it, so we think – I think we’ve got 30% or 40% lined up to do it.
James Dimon: Look I don’t, we really don’t know, I would say temporary, but probably still down a little bit, because of the reason you gave. Some people just say we don’t need to do this anymore, and we also know all the final rules by the way, and how the SEFs are going to work in bidding.Glenn Schorr – Nomura Securities (US): Right. Okay. Marianne, on the RWA front, bunch of little things in here, but Basel I RWAs were up an 11% quarter-on-quarter, but Basel III were pretty much flat. I know that it’s something to do with 2.5% being starting in the first quarter, but if you can help us.
James Dimon: Well, Glenn, I actually think you all on the line should be dealing with this issue a little bit because the reason you have companies is because they serve clients well at a good cost, There is a reason our numbers are good because we have cross-selling clients come to us and there are reasons for global banks just like there are reasons for community banks. I think that the real issue again, you guys do the numbers is the banking system has gotten so much stronger in the United States and it’s not just capital but it capital, liquidity, oversight, sort of activities that people didn’t like, [no longer] [ph] being done, derivatives going to clearing houses and the initial wave of OLA and Living Wills et cetera, those things should all work. I hope at one point we declare victory and just stop eating our young at this time.Glenn Schorr – Nomura Securities (US): All right, thanks.
James Dimon: Let me just add, on the qualitative stuff, we’ve passed and that’s why we got the capital plan, their criticisms were on qualitative and from what we know now and we’re still doing work and we will give you more is around lot more granular type of forecasting, they want more [interesting] private type of forecasting and so, we’re having conversation with them. Marianne has formed the CCAR department, which is going to become experts in CCAR.
James Dimon: I think it’s always going to be lumpy because we have to do with these things in due course. I think in the prior year as we put away a lot, we won’t get the same predominantly mortgage, largely mortgage, et cetera and obviously the fact that we’re not doing more means we think we’ve got them. We did a lot of work in that. It could always change, but we’ve done thorough analysis, as a lot of you all did, by the way, we did it at the tranche level almost in, so it could be permanently low yes. It could be permanently low. It doesn’t have to go higher and obviously lot of things coming our way, we have to reserve for properties as they come in.
James Dimon: Lot of that business is what we call, flow business, so little bit credit emerging markets rates FX clients, when we deal the clients who are around the world, maybe need those services and you’re obviously always trying to become more efficient. So when you look at FX, I’m going to say 80% is electronic. If you look at rates, the electronic number is going to go up and so which is going to drive efficiency, but we still think price going to need it. There will be price to pay for and obviously everything will be adjusted to Basel III. But as you pointed out, some people are leaving the business, some are getting in the business, we think it has a good future, we don’t think it’s going to go away.
James Dimon: Erika, you’re confusing two different things. I really took good quality they’re giving us more feedback and where they say we started showing the quality like I mentioned them, idiosyncratic, more level detail, more enterprise-wide type of forecasting, et cetera. That’s one issue, the second is, the actual dollar amount. The Fed has made it very clear, they want people to get to their Basel III targets, ours is at least 9.5. Ben Bernanke said on a speech he gave that the banks that they did the stress test on have more capital after extreme stress then they started with the cap in the crisis. So the Fed I think is feeling more and more comfortable, not just individual banks but the system as a whole. And we’ve reduced the 15 down to 6, because we wanted to get to our 9.5 target faster, that’s why we did it.L. Erika Penala – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
James Dimon: Remember, that’s going to relate to how fast you grow and other request from regulators, so we will take that when we get there. 
James Dimon: Good morning.Matt O’Connor – Deutsche Bank Research: I thought this is one of the cleanout quarters in a while, so I just had one follow up here. In the private equity you took some losses on the private portfolio just wondering what drove that. And then also the outlook for this business under Basel III and Volcker even though we don’t exactly know what Volcker is yet.
James Dimon: No, there is no seasonality in private equity. It’s constantly being reviewed.Matt O’Connor – Deutsche Bank Research: Okay. All right. Thank you.
James Dimon: Well, this is just a resubmission of the progress program, and then like to see qualitative improvements. This is not to change your request at all, this is the one Marianne referred to that will be in the third quarter. . .Guy Moszkowski – Autonomous Research LLP: Yes, yes, yes that’s what I talking about.
James Dimon: Obviously doing other CCAR in January.Guy Moszkowski – Autonomous Research LLP: Got it. And then final question, you mentioned Jamie in the shareholder letter that just because you don’t have big fancy names cost-cutting programs, it doesn’t mean you’re not very focused on cost reduction. Is that what we’re seeing in the fact that if you look at the CIB, your comp was down 7% versus your revenue being plus or is it that you did something different in the way you think about through the year accruals.
James Dimon: Through the year accruals it’s almost exactly the same as based upon it is a lot of stuff, because of that number, but that really hasn’t changed that much.
James Dimon: Are you talking about the commercial bank or the total company?Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Our commercial bank.
James Dimon: Think if everything else is close to normal, mortgage which in total is $9 billion eventually a lot lower than that, but that should take a couple of years.Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
James Dimon: The total, if you take all mortgages, I think the numbers are $4 million will be HARP report today if they went to it, and I wouldn’t – some inspired that more people don’t do it to tell you the truth.
James Dimon: But only the government can do either PR or I think a cross servicing is a bigger one and will make us slightly better. They are just things that slightly better, it’s not going to dramatically change mortgage.Paul Miller – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Yeah, I think a lot of companies have told us that they think that they’ve got through most of the low hanging fruit with HARP, and that the people that aren’t HARPing they doubt they will ever HARP. And so I’m just wondering if there is a big PR push, if some of those guys will wake up and say, oh, maybe this isn’t, maybe I need to look at this program.
