Marianne Lake: Just a quick thing, just to clarify, the 10 basis points is actually lower, not higher. It’s a deduct not an add for the new Basel proposals relative to the U.S. rules. So remember, as we’ve previously been [disclosing] our ratios, we used the U.S. proposed rules that referenced a prior Basel denominator. So it’s a 10 basis point worsening. And you’re right that we had two major things contributing to that. We had a positive associated with better assumptions on draws on unfunded commitments, slightly more than offset by a negative on the [unintelligible] protection. We’re still working through the final details, but our best estimate is that it’s in the mid-20s in basis points, 25 basis points plus or minus.
Marianne Lake: If you start with our [gross growth] CDS protection [written], it’s about $3.4 trillion. By the time you net that down for maturities, it gets down to a couple hundred billion dollars, but that’s still impactful.
Marianne Lake: Right. We saw the proposals as having been thoughtful. And we don’t necessarily have to agree with the finer points of all of them, but it doesn’t materially change our position or our our thoughts going forward. And as Jamie says, all of our businesses will now socialize and optimize against what we understand of the final rules, when the U.S. regulators adopt them.
Marianne Lake: We’re obviously going to do a bit more of a detailed deep dive on expenses over time at investor day. But for now, what we have said is that you should expect our adjusted expenses for 2014 to remain at or below that level of $60 billion. We also said that in 2014 the continuation of our control agenda is adding an incremental $1 billion over ’13. So by remaining flat, we’re effectively self-funding that $1 billion. Flat to down. 
Marianne Lake: We’ve always been investing in the businesses and been willing to invest where the business pace and the returns justify that. But we are also finding efficiencies in a combination of the businesses, both consumer and the wholesale businesses, efficiency in the same store branches we talked about. You know, CIB continues on its journey on the back office and front office integration, and obviously mortgage expenses will continue to trend down, both in line with improved credit trends and also as we proactively manage the portfolio. So there’s a lot of moving parts, but it’s not at the expense of our willingness to invest in the businesses for returns. 
Marianne Lake: It’s not just about expenses. I think you have to think about the whole equation. We’ll see some improvement in the first quarter of 2014, and we’ll also continue to work on expense efficiency in the business. But if you look at a market that is currently being estimated at about $1.3 trillion, down from $1.9 trillion - and honestly a couple of weeks ago it was $1.1 trillion, so it’s a very small market, one we haven’t seen the likes of since the year 2000 - in a market like that, it’s very challenging to deliver through the cycle returns. So we went through, over the last few years, years with very strong revenues and margins, and we are in a challenging environment as we look into 2014. But we’re working on it.
Marianne Lake: The way to think about it in the short term relative to, say, the submission that we just did or in the near future, is that obviously a realized loss experience that is higher than we have previously seen informs your view and judgment as to what you could reasonably expect to happen in a future stress period. So it is fair to say that would drive our expectations for [unintelligible] on operational losses to be slightly higher. Having said that, it’s not as if our previous submissions didn’t contemplate there to be significant stresses in operating losses. So I would characterize it as incremental and certainly not from a low base. And also remember that every quarter we move forward we generate capital, improve our ratios, so there’s lots of moving parts to the ultimate outcome. 
Marianne Lake: Yeah, we’ll have slower mortgage repayments. We’re able to reinvest at higher yields. We’re reinvesting in high quality assets, munis at high spreads. So it’s both.
Marianne Lake: I would say it’s ongoing, and it will be benefit. I think material might be a stretch at this point. And it is a lot of work, as you say. So the whole industry is working on that, and us too. We expect it to be beneficial, but not a game-changer.
Marianne Lake: I also think if you look at the other things I mentioned in terms of opportunities, putting NIM to one side, our estimate of the new Basel rule that we had, we’ve given you a 10 basis point movement backwards, have a conservative estimate of what we could ultimately achieve over time in terms of the ability to net cash collateral for derivatives, just given certain of the conditions. But again, over time, that will also be manageable, like compression trades and like many of those other things. So we haven’t changed our view. We can manage against these targets by doing it thoughtfully and methodically, and not having to [unintelligible].
Marianne Lake: We said already that we would be willing to run between 10% and 10.5%, so we’re on a journey here. We think we can get 10% plus or minus by the end of this year. It could be plus and it could be minus. But we think that at this point, based on what we know, running at that level of buffer or margin should be enough. Obviously we’ll be more informed as we go through CCAR processes, but that’s our point of view at this point.
Marianne Lake: I talked about the second half of the year growth, adding $66 billion. We’ve never talked about the second quarter. We added quite a lot in the second quarter. And yes, we have plans to continue to do that in 2014. And yes, we expect our NII dollars to be relatively stable, possibly slightly up over the course of the first half of the year, but relatively stable.
Marianne Lake: Obviously you’re going to understand the necessary caveat that we can’t predict for you the pattern and the amount of legal expenses in any one quarter or over several quarters. However, it would be fair to say that we would certainly hope that for the full year the full year [unintelligible] the first quarter annualized, but we can’t be certain of that. With respect to a reasonably possible loss range, it did come down from $5.7 billion at the end of the third quarter to $5 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, given the legal expense [unintelligible].
Marianne Lake: We’ve done a bunch of math. You can do it based on analysts’ estimates. But if you think about we want to get to 10% plus or minus before the end of next year, all other things being equal, that is a priority, but it is not the only priority. And so as we think about our capital plan, we’ve consistently said - obviously it’s a board decision ultimately, and they’ll contemplate them in the [unintelligible], of course - but we would like to have the flexibility to be able to potentially increase dividends and also have flexibility to be able to do reasonable repurchases. It wouldn’t be unreasonable for you to think about how we thought about this year as being relatively consistent with last.
Marianne Lake: Remember that in our card business we have both dynamics of core [unintelligible] as well as still some continued runoff. We did reach the inflection point during the second half of 2013 where that runoff was no longer exceeding growth. And so we’re set to grow, but very modestly, in 2014.
Marianne Lake: Yeah, just to remind you what we said back in February last year, in the consumer businesses we talked about over the two years, so ’13 and ’14, mortgage seeing headcount reductions of 13,000 to 15,000, and the consumer businesses, predominantly in the branches, of 4,000.  By the end of 2013, we had seen 16,500 in total. So in the consumer bank, we’ve actually not only accelerated, but outperforming our expectations in terms of our ability to run those branches efficiently and still maintain very strong customer satisfaction and retention rates.  And then in the mortgage space, we have seen total headcount down 11% year over year against that 13,000 to 15,000 two-year target. So obviously we continue to work on the strategy and the size and our approach to the mortgage market, but obviously relative to those numbers, there’s still a little way to go.  And remember that that was both production and servicing. What you saw, given the rate environment in the middle of 2000 and the second half of 2013, is that some of the production related headcount reductions were accelerated. We still have meaningful improvement expected in terms of delinquencies and foreclosures and modifications that will continue to drive costs and headcount down in ’14.
Marianne Lake: Talking about the number of branches, I would think about the fact that, like all those sort of retail distributions, houses will continue to do consolidations and relocations as it makes sense for us to do that in our footprint, and we’ll continue to respond to customer preferences, which will mean that over the course of the next decade, we’ll be looking at obviously the size of new branches, as branches come up for renovation and release and things like that. But we’re not expecting a material change in the number as a macro matter. So 5,600 plus or minus. And it is going to be based on customer preferences.  As it relates to headcount reductions, we’re already aggressively looking at the efficiency in our same store branches, and have been very successful. So we are looking at staffing models, physical capabilities, automation. We’re on that journey, and we continue to be on it. But I don’t see that there’s going to be step change relative to our previous expectations. We’ve already exceeded them. There might be some more, but it’s not a step change.
Marianne Lake: Let’s start with commercial and say it’s plus or minus zero at this point. So I think it’s going to be [strong] for long, but that’s not really going to be a reserve story for a little while. In the card business, we had been talking about potentially reached bottom for a period of time. We haven’t yet, or it doesn’t seem we have.  So as we look into 2014, if things do continue to strengthen, it’s possible there will be some more releases, but not at the levels that you saw in 2013, so in the first couple of quarters. And usually the first quarter is very instructive on that point. Usually that’s when you see a material improvement, if there’s going to be one, in terms of [unintelligible] rates.  And then on the mortgage space, two things. We have $2.6 billion of NCI reserves left. We talked before about the fact that we think our more steady run rate number will be between $1 billion and $1.5 billion. So there’s another $1 billion or $1.5 billion to come in that space over the course of the next year or so, potentially. Obviously, environment allowing.  And then on the purchase credit impaired portfolios, we have $4.2 billion left after the two releases we just took. But remember that it’s a life of loan portfolio. So something would have to change now in the environment, improve, for us to expect to take more releases. It’s possible, but we don’t expect to be taking releases up to that $4.2 billion.
Marianne Lake: Yes, we did have some tax benefits this quarter. We had about $300 million after tax related to a number of items. State and local tax, some reserve releases. Not one particular thing.
Marianne Lake: Yes, so we said, I think, at investor day, plus 100, plus or minus, in a year, when Gordon spoke earlier in 2013. We’ve revisited based upon our assessment of customer preferences and activity and think we’ve got to the footprint where we are happy at 5,600 plus or minus.
Marianne Lake: Yes, so if you look at that, and then also obviously at investor day we’ll go through it some more. 
Marianne Lake: It’s a bit of both. Just one thing on mortgage, just a tiny clarification. We expect mortgage production to be broadly the same, as we’ve seen in the second half, but we would expect to see continued improvement in the expense base in the servicing business. But having said all of that, it’s a combination of relatively stable but potentially slightly higher NII. Yes, strength in fees on the basis of the strong driver growth that we talked about, and then our $60 billion or less of expenses. So we’re working through all of the efficiency opportunities across the businesses, including in the retail space, to be able to deliver positive operating leverage.
Marianne Lake: With VAR, it really is just a feature of two things. If you look at our look back period for VAR, across asset classes, we’re at very low levels of volatility. Just across all the asset classes. And that’s what’s really driving it. If volatility picks up, that could pick up. We’re not driving that down. And it’s also derisking in SVP. That is a little bit proactive, but it’s obviously mostly done now. 
Marianne Lake: It’s very difficult to back [test], because these things are all interrelated. But it’s not entirely possible to disentangle everything. But obviously we’ve gone through some changes in 2013. Some of that will be reflected. But this is a number that we would expect to be reflected, to the degree that it is at all, over the course of the next two years. 
Marianne Lake: I would just reiterate what we previously said, which is if you look at servicing, and in particular the quarterly run rate, which is call it $600 million, in line with our expectations, that’s going to continue to trend down towards $500 million by the end of this year in 2014. And then on the production side, while we obviously are going to see our expenses, to a degree, variable with the size of the market, we’re continuing to also work on opportunities to make the fixed cost base more efficient. So hopefully we’ll deliver some of that in 2014 too. And we’ll do a more precise job of [unintelligible] around that at investor day.
Marianne Lake: That’s an excellent question. I would say, assuming we have no significant losses going forward, then we feel like we should be close to our high point, albeit there may be a little bit more in the first half of 2014.  Just two comments on operational risk. The first is, unlike market and credit risk, although all of the parameters and the confidence levels are effectively the same, it doesn’t naturally recalibrate itself to changes in the business environment, or to your business mix or model, if you structurally reduce risk. It’s very backward-looking, and in that sense it differs because it doesn’t recalibrate. And so as a result, if you just let the models continue to predict, based on historical losses going forward, you would need to be carrying that elevated level of operational risk capital forward for a reasonably long time. It’s a one in a thousand year horizon. So think about it in terms of five, ten years, not one or two years.  And so for that reason, we are very interested and working very hard with the industry to try and figure out how to better model changes in the business environment and to model and defend structural and permanent risk changes in our businesses in order to be able to recoup some of that more quickly. But at this point, I would characterize that as work that has not yet been done that is in progress, and so for the foreseeable future it will be elevated. 
Marianne Lake: Okay, so put Volcker to one side for a second. We didn’t update, obviously, the list. We’re going to do that at investor day. We thought about that for you. It’s probably more important to think less about revenue but more about the impact on the bottom line given that some of these businesses may not have been returning [unintelligible], and may have been in investment phase and actually not be breaking even.  So I think it’s safe to say that if you consider the impact on the bottom line more so than revenues, it’s relatively modest, and we’ll do work to update you on that. But remember it also is going to do two things, release capital, which will be a positive, and also improve the quality of the businesses and the control environment and the complexity, which will all be positive too. 
Marianne Lake: Yeah, it’s the ones you mentioned. And if you look at our disclosures on the 10-Q, every quarter the items that we think raise themselves to levels of public disclosure are in that document. So look to last quarter and next quarter and you’ll see. But we shouldn’t comment specifically.
Marianne Lake: If you think about the basis for capital and put aside whether you like the way it works in a modeled environment, your reserves are for your expected losses, and your capital is for your unexpected losses. So in theory you shouldn’t get explicit credit for them.  I think the bigger point for us is if you look at the sorts of things that are driving our capital levels to be as elevated as they are, they are things, for example, like the PLMBS issues, and also certain of the very large mortgage, DOJ, international mortgage settlement, ISFR, [unintelligible] issues.  It’s our belief that this firm is not exposed today, or will not be exposed going forward, to those levels of risk at anywhere near that scale going forward. But as I said, we have no ability at this point to scale those back, and that’s what we’re very focused on.  So it’s less really about whether we’re getting credit for our reserves, and a little bit more about how we try, in the industry, to evolve the framework in partnership with the regulators and defend over time that there are structural risk reductions that mean those risks are no longer present in that sale. 
Marianne Lake: Not specifically. We did fairly well in cash, but our cash platform is not as mature as some others. So I think we would characterize the performance as good, but coming off of, as I said, a very strong quarter for equity derivatives in the third quarter.
Marianne Lake: On page 15, I think, last quarter we showed you a bunch of things that we were working on. We didn’t replace the page, because it’s not meaningfully changed. That’s not to say that at the margins we don’t continue to look at our businesses in terms of simplification and derisking. So I would say that while there may be things at the margin that we will explore over time, then there’s nothing structurally big that you should be aware of. And again, we’ll do some more of that for you at investor day. 
Marianne Lake: And it’s also important to point out that a large portion of that $350 billion are deposits or cash that we would consider to be client nonoperational deposits. And as a result, we don’t give ourselves any liquidity value for those. So that’s why we’re putting the [unintelligible] at the Fed.
Marianne Lake: Yeah, it’s predominantly marketing. And with respect to marketing, it can be lumpy quarter to quarter. So it’s not an unexpected number for us. It’s just higher in the fourth quarter than it was in the third.
Marianne Lake: Yeah, I think that would be optimistic. Obviously we’ll determine the first quarter, as we go through it, we’ll have our [unintelligible]. That’s certainly our expectation, and there may be some more, but I don’t think you should expect us to catch up completely.
Marianne Lake: I would just reiterate what I said before, which is getting to our target ratios is a priority, but it’s not the only one. We’ll have to see how things play out in 2014. But if you do the math, then you can take your own estimates of what you think we’ll earn next year. We should be able to also have the opportunity to take it to buy more than just [unintelligible], so we want that flexibility. That’s what we [submitted] for, and we’ll obviously manage through each quarter as we see it.
Marianne Lake: I’m going to try and answer the question, and tell me if I don’t. If you look at our actual total loans for the whole firm year over year, our growth reported was 0.6%, so call it just shy of 1%. But underlying that, the core loan growth was about 4%. So I think that as we look forward, we expect core growth to continue at or stronger than those levels. We’ve reached, as we say in card, the point where, seasonality aside, that inflection point where we should expect net modest growth.  And as I said, we’re going to have to all wait and see how client demand plays out in small business in the middle market space, but we are hoping that at the second half of 2014, when the confidence in the economic recovery, we have confidence that when others join us, they will actually start to borrow and spend. 
Marianne Lake: Because we talked earlier about the fact that we’ve been seeing, and we expect to continue to see, some spread compression in loans that, at this point, in the near term - and we didn’t talk about the whole year for 2014, but in the near term - we’re expecting the improvement that we would see as a result of higher yields on investment securities, etc., to be largely offset by the compression in loan growth.
Marianne Lake: Let’s talk about last year. If you look at 2013 reported, you would have seen that our commodities revenues counted for in the low teens of our markets revenues, but that’s on an accounting basis. So that’s just a revenue [chore] only. So if you think about the economic revenue, because obviously there’s some accounting growth [unintelligible], much smaller number than that. So call it mid single digit, mid to 6-7%. But then it was a business that was in a combination of being built out, so it wasn’t fully mature. And also, we’re selling parts of the business that are highly [unintelligible] intensive to us. So think about the impact on the bottom line as being considerably more modest and with some capital benefits.
Marianne Lake: A couple of things. First of all, if you just take the second half versus the first half, we said that we thought that the overall market would be down 30% to 40%. It was down about 33%. So it was in line with our expectations. And our performance was in line with that too. So you’ve got to remember that the revenue versus loan volume, and how that gets recognized, is some timing differences.  With respect to market share, if you look backwards into ’13, the overall size of the market was revised up, which means that our market share was, all other things being equal, just relatively revised down, doesn’t change anything. But going forward, our market share will be a factor of obviously the size of the market, but also our pricing discipline to make sure that we want to get an appropriate risk adjusted return. So we would gain share, but only if we can do it getting paid for the risk and the cost of servicing. 
Marianne Lake: And the qualified mortgages, you know, credit is available. GSE is 90% LTV. On the Ginnie Mae side, you know, close to 100% LTV. So there’s credit availability, you just have to have the ability to pay.
Marianne Lake: There’s still a few things we’re waiting for. I mean, long term debt requirements, something to look out for in the first quarter. But having more clarity is definitely helpful.
Marianne Lake: The reality is, I don’t know any more than you do. I just think that given the changes that were made, it seemed to be positive and constructive. There’s reason to believe that the U.S. regulators would want to leverage that. I could be wrong. And obviously we did comment letters on the U.S. NPR, but I’m not aware of any specifics on the [quotient].
Marianne Lake: If you look at the total firm consolidated, then they actually [unintelligible] this quite nicely, if you think about our target for Basel tier one common at 10% or 10.5% and a leverage target of 5% or 5.5%. So I think the leverage ratio feels like, as a consolidated matter, it’s a simple fact [unintelligible] as it’s supposed to be, not a binding constraint. The devil’s in the details. As you push that down, as I said, to the individual business and product, and then obviously consider it in a context of the whole client relationship. I think as we look forward, CCAR is something to be thoughtful about, because it’s a stress scenario, it’s evolving in terms of the maturity of it, as well as a move over time towards being on a Basel III advanced approach. So if I had to guess, I would say CCAR could be.
Marianne Lake: I would say that our tier one capital needs to be at 11% plus. We said we were going to run at about 10% to 10.5% Basel III tier one common. I would suggest that the gap will be [unintelligible] and maybe more.
Jamie Dimon: Another thing to think about, it will be manageable because this is kind of a static analysis, before we started running the business slightly differently due to it.
Jamie Dimon: We’re not starving any expenses. We’re just managing it in a disciplined way, the way we’ve always done it. And if you look at the underlying numbers, there’s a lot of growth in the underlying numbers. But it’s clearly true that some of the derisking and spinning off OEP and physical commodities will affect revenues a little bit, but obviously profits less. 
Jamie Dimon: I think the way you’re supposed to look at it is something like $40 billion gets reinvested a year. And the basic assumption you should make is an average duration of three or four years. So think of five-year bonds or something like that. And just use the implied yield curve. [unintelligible] munis or MBS or something like that. The other thing to point out is it’s completely dependent upon the decisions we make. We can change that kind of at will if we want to extend or reduce the duration of equity at the company.
Jamie Dimon: Well, you’ve got to separate the loans. On the commercial side, we’ll obviously be competitive, and we’re not assuming anything heroic in terms of spreads getting worse or better. But they’re low. You could argue down the road they might actually go up a little bit as capital requirements, liquidity requirements go way up. But we’ll be competitive. We’re assuming we’ve got to be competitive in those spreads.
Jamie Dimon: Think of the card business as we try to run it fully match funded, so the spreads are about the same. And just remember, something like 65% is at an interest rate, something like 40% is transactor almost locked in rates, which we also match fund.
Jamie Dimon: We have replaced 2 million debit and credit cards I think by the end of this week, to protect our customers. Look, unfortunately, the cybersecurity, as we’ve now pointed out for a year, is a big deal. It’s not going to go away. And all of us have a common interest in being protected. So this might be a chance for retailers and banks to for once work together as opposed to sue each other like we’ve been doing the last decade. But it’s in all of our interest to do it, and I think all the people involved in this know that the third parties, whether it’s machines, regional machines, your mainframes, you really have to put an extreme effort into protecting yourself. So this story is not over, unfortunately.
Jamie Dimon: Honestly, I think you’re going to see both. You’re going to see chip and PIN in all cards, and then a lot of online type of transactions you’re going to see tokenization. They both are very very good technologies to protect consumers and companies from fraud.
Jamie Dimon: There’s an unrealized gain of approximately $3 billion today. It’s on our books at zero. This goes back to when Visa was spun off many, many years ago.
Jamie Dimon: There are some structural headwinds. You’ve seen a lot of adjustment in the marketplace. People have reduced the size of their inventory. But what you don’t know going forward is what’s going to happen to spreads. But I look at it a little bit like the sector’s on a cyclical. There will be headwinds from regulations, etc., but over time assets that people need to manage and buy and sell are going to go up over time, not go down. So what happens in 2014 is hard to say. Our business is fairly diversified, between rates, credit, emerging markets, FX, commodities, etc., which is definitely helping that stability.
Jamie Dimon: The SLR at 5% we do not think is going to be an issue for us. We’ve barely begun to manage it. There are a lot of things you can do in how you change your business. The bank issue is a little bit different, but think of that as more structural. What we did in the bank over the last 20 years, and what we’re not going to do in the bank going forward, that will take a little bit longer, but for other reasons. It just takes us longer to change our business model to accommodate it.
Jamie Dimon: And not [unintelligible] investments. If you look at the balance sheet today, we have almost $350 billion at central banks, mostly the Fed, another $350 billion of very high quality investment securities. And those two things combined equal our loans of $700 billion. So the company is very, very liquid. We don’t really need to invest more. It depends on how much we grow deposits.
Jamie Dimon: I already said what we’re going to do is, what you should assume now is that there’s implied yield curves and constant reinvestment, but if you had rates move up 100 basis points all at once, we probably would be much more aggressive in doing something like that.
Jamie Dimon: Every year we try to have a disciplined approach about what we stay in and what we don’t, and I think we probably were more disciplined this year about the things we don’t need, both from derisking, capital, management focus, controls, etc. If you look at the prepaid card business, we’re not dealing directly with customers. It’s kind of secondary. It’s a complex business, and we were just better off letting someone else do it. It won’t affect the four main franchises that Marianne spoke about, that are doing so well. It was just kind of a product we used to do, and so we’re not going to do it anymore. And there’s a lot of risk associated with it.
Jamie Dimon: We didn’t use the word cautiously optimistic, we’re using the word optimistic, because we are actually optimistic. You have a U.S. economy starting to grow. You will see loan growth and volume growth across all of these businesses. We are actually optimistic about the U.S. economy in particular. We spend a lot of time analyzing what rising rates, growth, change of QE3, [unintelligible] will do to the deposits. So it might actually have a diminishing effect on the growth of deposits. But we’re happy, [whether we’re] still growing share. I’m not sure you’re going to see deposits going negative before you see loan growth. I think you’re trying to fine tune it too closely there.
Jamie Dimon: But more importantly, 93% of the business is rewards. We’ve had 10% growth in spend, we’ve had 14% growth in merchant processing. So we are very happy with the card business. It’s performing exceptionally well, excellent credit trends. So outstanding growth is less important, but obviously we’d like to see some of that too.
Jamie Dimon: No. Just a little bit relating to Target, but not in general. And a lot of that card growth is coming from P&E and travel and restaurants and things like that.
Jamie Dimon: If you look at that back presentation, Gordon goes essentially through branches, branch size, technology, headcounts, and why.
Jamie Dimon: I think the way you should look at it too is each of our businesses is always trying to drive efficiency while investing. That doesn’t change any particular year. That’s kind of a nonstop kind of thing. And you see those efficiencies, because every business has pretty good margins after investing. And sometimes the revenue growth itself is either episodic or the timing isn’t exactly the same as you invest. But if you see the drivers, which is deposits, investible assets, asset management, number of corporate clients, market shares, they’re all pretty positive. 
Jamie Dimon: Well, VAR itself as a calculation is based on a whole bunch of different things. We don’t deliberately lower VAR. 
Jamie Dimon: If you stay with the volatility like it was 18 months ago, VAR itself would be like 60 or 70, just all on its own. So without changing your position. You know, the hardest business to get a handle on is CIB in terms of the short run. But what we see is investors still have to buy and sell securities. Corporations have ECM and DCM. And you can predict the rolloff, etc. The backlogs are pretty good. You saw a tremendous amount of IPOs in 2013. You saw a lot of debt financings. You’ve already seen a bunch of M&A earlier this year.  So we don’t budget or plan that you’re going to have an unbelievable year in CIB. But if you ask me, the long term prospects are good. It’s probably the business has to go through the most adjustments to the new regulatory environment, but the long term prospects are pretty good.  Our margins are good, our returns are good. Our comp level is at 30%, down from 38% a couple of years ago, really reflecting higher capital, etc. But at that comp level, we can pay our people well, grow the franchise, grow around the world, serve our clients, and still get decent returns. So we feel very good about the business, and one of these days, it’s going to boom. And you can guess just like I can guess when that might happen, but it will happen one day. 
Jamie Dimon: Volcker, all things being equal, we would say not much. I think when we referred to the $1 billion or $2 billion, we were talking about regulations in general, including derivatives, [SES], clearing houses, and Volcker. And that number, we still kind of have in the back of our mind, but it’s hard to tell what the effect of all those things are. The $1 billion to $2 billion I would say was probably in the conservative category.
Jamie Dimon: And remember, some of those things reduce capital requirements. Some people are making dramatic changes in their business models, which may free up market share for those of us that have additional market share. So it all remains to be seen.
Jamie Dimon: Some things may reprice a little bit because of the capital liquidity requirements around them. So it all remains to be seen.
Jamie Dimon: I’m going to do just middle market, because that’s the one that’s kind of at a 30%. Years ago, it used to average a little more like 45%. It looks like, to us, that what you have is they have a lot more deposits, and a lot less utilization. And so obviously they’re going to use some of their own money before they borrow against a revolver or something like that. And one day, you would expect it to go up. We’re not guessing it’s going to happen in 2014. But I would say we’ll be sitting here one day, when we’ve had a very strong economy, it will be 10 points higher.
Jamie Dimon: Well, multifamily is a big portion of that. I would say the major cities is pretty much where you’d say it, son it’s hard to answer specifically. I think both the multifamily, and other than real estate loans, it’s really the big cities. 
Jamie Dimon: Sure. I mean, you know, change either that, or how you reimburse clients for deposits, and obviously it will go into how you price and run your business. We’re not expecting that to happen, but obviously we would do that. And you have other alternatives. You might invest some of that money elsewhere. 
Jamie Dimon: We feel like we’ve been doing a good job at card acquisition of high quality cards. You see that number, but it’s up quite a bit. So we have some good, active programs out there.
Jamie Dimon: Remember, we want to meet our own objective, the 9.5% or 10%, and obviously the litigation costs hurt our ability to do a little bit of that, so we caught up on that. And also, the stock price is a lot higher than it was when we talked about the best way to buy back some stock. So we always look at that as the important thing. We don’t just buy back stock regardless of price. Not that we think it’s a bad price, but when it was at $33 a share or whatever, that was an extraordinarily compelling price.
Jamie Dimon: And it may depend on what we sell, how much we can mitigate, what the final rules are and stuff. So there’s a lot of moving parts. 
Jamie Dimon: The way to look at that is that what drives the company is serving clients, and so we don’t target, you know, just when we get rid of commitments or something like that. But obviously we’ve asked all the people and businesses to start to optimize a little bit commitments, balance sheet, LCR, SLR, Basel III. And so you’ll probably see a little bit of a squeeze in commitments as they do that. But not at the expense of trying to do a good job for clients. The other thing that I should point out is some of those commitments are much more capital or liquidity hogs than others. So that’s where you’re going to see a little bit more of the squeeze. 
Jamie Dimon: I would say that people in the business have been slowly extending the credit box. I’m talking about over the last 18 months. If you look at LCVs, if you go to different cities. I’m not sure you’re going to see a dramatic expansion of the credit box, because all the rep and warranty, all the litigation and stuff like that, for anything that’s not qualified mortgages. 
Jamie Dimon: And FHA will set its own policy, but even there I think people are going to have a much tighter underwriting than the FHA guidelines, because of how much FHAs cost people.
Jamie Dimon: I think we know for the most part the contours of the regulation at this point. Some of the fine tuning still needs to be done. So I think you’re going to see a lot of banks globally adjusting to the new financial architecture. And the effect of that will be different in different parts of the world. It’s slightly different for certain products, but it will probably be okay in total. It’s nice to have the rules, to live with them, and now we’ve got to push them down and understand them in a little more detail.
Jamie Dimon: You’re seeing some people make bigger strategic changes, some are making just small tactical changes. And then we’re going to report a lot more what we think the effect of all this is at investor day.
Jamie Dimon: I look at it a little bit different. I look at it like the pot will change and adjust to the new world, but from there it will probably grow. Because if you look at underlying numbers, the amount of investable assets around the world is going to double over 10 years, the amount of needs of corporations and sovereigns and supernationals, and ECM/DCM advice will double over 10 years.  So there will be a strong underlying business. Spreads, products, those things have always changed. Spreads have been coming down my whole life, and yet we have a healthy business. So we expect that fixed income, after some adjustment, will be a good business. We think a lot of these trends are cyclical, not secular, and that’s how we’re positioned for it. It is possible that, if people leave, and certain things reprice… All businesses have to have a normal return on capital for the average player, otherwise they wouldn’t exist. So we do think you’ll see some of that. There will be pieces at the [unintelligible] banks, which is fine.
Jamie Dimon: I’d just add that if you listen to what the regulators said, not this time but going back, they intended to make Basel and U.S. rules common. About the rules. They did not say they intended to have the same percent. So we’re just assuming the 5% is going to [stay]. And we think there will be a couple of other adjustments going forward too.
Glenn Schorr - ISI: First question, on FIC in the IB. It’s pretty stable this quarter. As a matter of fact, if you look for the year, it was about in line with last year, which I think once everybody’s done reporting, it will be a pretty good victory. So I guess the question is, there’s a bunch of structural headwinds blowing on the business, and as you do your budgeting - it’s probably done already - can the industry grow with the headwinds on it? In other words, the offset would be better activity levels, steeper curve, things like that. But there’s a bunch of structural headwinds. I’m just curious how you think about it at the high level.
Glenn Schorr - ISI: Maybe on a related note, I got a sense with the renewed focus on SLR that there’s a renewed attention to compression trades. I’m just curious if that’s ongoing, and it could be material in 2014 as this goes on? I know there’s a lot of work involved, but the reward is pretty good too. 
Glenn Schorr - ISI: Last one for me. You’ve noted you’re 9.5% [unintelligible] tier one common, the 10% year-end target seems completely achievable given your earnings. I’m just curious how you think about balancing the absolute versus the relative meaning. You can get there on an absolute basis no problem. On a relative basis, some other large financial institutions have a little bit more. Just curious if that matters as you talk about the capital planning process, or when you have enough, it’s enough.
