Mike Cavanagh: I think you heard me cover some of the items. You hit on some of the businesses are market sensitive but clearly you look at the market sensitive results and you have to feel good about the franchise we have got here. So if market opportunities present themselves and we are serving our clients and those businesses can do well. We think secular trends over the long term are good. Obviously it is too early to call what kind of regulatory impact there could be in any of these businesses and how business models react but we are not worried about our ability to compete and do well in the market side businesses.  On the lending side businesses you clearly have the dynamics of portfolios running off affecting revenues. Away from that though I think you see noise in some of the numbers quarter-over-quarter but I think we are positioned to keep building the businesses, taking market share and growing. So the story I would say is as you heard at Investor Day, investing for growth in all of these businesses. More bankers. More branches. Better product. California and the commercial bank, so that is what I would point you to. I guess overlying trends of asset rundown and potential for regulatory impact yes we will have to deal with those but we understand that and we will do fine. 
Mike Cavanagh: You would say in the first half of the year you will have a lot of the impact on the card side will be in the run rate. We are still waiting for a few pieces of the Card Act legislation to really be finalized which won’t happen until June with reasonable and proportionate fees. Away from that we are going to have it in our run rate shortly. Retail, we have a partial impact of some of the actions we took on overdraft fees, reducing the number of items in this quarter it is already in the run rate. There is some changes in customer behaviors anyway lowering overdraft fees in the quarter. So the rest of those effects won’t come in until the latter part of the year when all the changes go in. Third quarter I guess. So by the end of the year you would probably see those kinds of effects. 
Mike Cavanagh: No that number is going to bounce around a bit. Put back levels were about similar to what they were in the past couple of quarters. No insight into vintage burnout or anything like that yet. 
Mike Cavanagh: I would say it is better than just a guess. We did work on it when we did it but it was an early estimate. Let’s leave it at that. We need to see how everything evolves from here. It was a reasonable estimate when we did it but we need to wait and see how it actually pulls through. 
Mike Cavanagh: Two things. One it depends on when you did your initial marks and where rate levels were so there is one effect of just actual market driven assumptions and the time you did things. Two, we may have that dynamic over time. We do the SOP33 evaluation at sub-portfolios so we have been focused on our prime option ARM and prime mortgage portfolios. Other ones have been behaving okay and if the day comes when we have a view they would come in below lifetime loss expectations we may have an adjustment to make. That would be down the road. 
Mike Cavanagh: Yes based on the way we see it now. Guy Moszkowski – Banc of America: If I could ask for a little bit more detail on the $2.3 billion build in that litigation reserve. Can you help us understand better the distinctions between the funds that are available there and what you are doing in the investment bank where you also eluded to building some litigation reserve there. I am not sure I understood the distinction you were trying to make between what is available for the GSE rep warranties issues and what this might be for.
Mike Cavanagh: It is hard to answer the question. There is plenty of client volume. I don’t know the turnover rate offhand but you might see the balance sheet go up a little bit over time from here. 
Mike Cavanagh: The other one is our own credit costs. It is not just delinquencies. It is credit costs making the turn. So retail is stabilized and we would like to see them turn downward. 
Mike Cavanagh: That stuff is working through. The challenged stuff. So as you see that charge offs associated with that which is charge offs Jamie was talking about you are left with a better performing portfolio at the end of that process. Meredith Whitney – Meredith Whitney Advisory: Would it be then the high end is the most resilient or the low end? If you could just provide a little bit more color in terms of what specifically you did with credit cards. 
Mike Cavanagh: I wouldn’t say we have. We always talk about trading as volatile and hard to predict. Obviously we have an investment in people, balance sheet and infrastructure so you expect results that are positive. This was a strong quarter. No question about it. Likely on average it runs lower than this level but I am not going to give you a number on where. 
Mike Cavanagh: At the investment bank, Americas did great. Asia did pretty well. Europe did pretty well but not as well as it has done before if I am recalling the numbers correctly. No particular areas of weakness. It was strong pretty much everywhere. 
Mike Cavanagh: I think in credit card it is going to be virtually done because most of them don’t need to do it at all. Some issuers will do it. There is a lot of detail in that 5%. So we are not opposed to the concept of the game. The detail is what trenches, how you do it. I think it will make it smaller but it won’t eliminate it. That is my guess. The real securitization markets you haven’t seen come back yet are the mortgage securitization markets. I think at one point you are going to see that. 5% will just change what kind of spreads there will be on total securitization to give the person is going to own the equity like return and what they have to retain is permanent. 
Mike Cavanagh: We will get our comments in. We talked a little bit about this at Investor Day. There are going to be a lot of things out there that the big issues are how all those ideas that are on the table and rightly so how in the proposals they connect together with each other; the capital side out of Basel III, the liquidity side of Basel III. Together with everything that is in play today away from Basel III. So I think the biggest point is to just make it cohesive and thoughtful and take time to evaluate the impact analyses that are going to be underway as well. There are powerful potential changes in there that has been well commented on. Our feedback is in and we hope to see a process whereby we get a revised set of proposals towards the end of the year after impact studies are done. We may not get that. We may just get a final rule. We will see. 
Mike Cavanagh: It is really the back-end stuff. The back-end has elevated levels of delinquency rates. 10-15% is what we said once upon a time but having to freshen that up. Remember it is not an income statement effect, the fact those are getting delayed because we have been very active in making sure that we charge things down and realize economic loss just because of those very delays. Yet it does create some inflation of back-end delinquency rates which is why we are so focused on those charts; early bucket delinquencies, mid bucket delinquencies, and then what is going on in the 150 day plus where some of that stuff sits longer before it gets cycled out is a separate issue that has some distortions in it. 
Mike Cavanagh: Look back on where we are running, low 30’s. We were a little bit lower than that at high 20’s this quarter on a reported basis. So a little bit of audit settlement in this quarter played with the ratio but other than that we would have been around the low 30’s which is a decent place to see the number. 
Mike Cavanagh: I think it is more the fact it is a little hard right now given the inflection we are seeing to tune up a better number to give you than to say that is what we last said. Hold the thought while we get some more months of experience under us but given what we are seeing in early buckets it could be we don’t hit those numbers. That is the best I can give you on that score. Not yet able and ready to give numbers as good as what we had before but we are just caveating that they are not so solid anymore given some of the early trends. 
Mike Cavanagh: It was about stable. No material action in that nor looking ahead would I expect there to necessarily be when you put aside the deliberate stuff we are doing in the investment portfolio or just the outcome of what is going on in the trading businesses. 
Mike Cavanagh: Since it is going to take years to sort all of this stuff out we took an estimate now and I think it will be awhile before we had any reason to make any changes to that. 
Mike Cavanagh: The only point I want to make is it may be material and if it does happen it is likely to be a second quarter accounting event. That is the only point I want to make at this stage. 
Mike Cavanagh: I think that is right. My gut would be it is going to take some time for that to actually manifest itself but we will see. 
Mike Cavanagh: Jamie hit it earlier. What is going on in the investment bank is access is there. FAS 167 drove the change in that business net of market activity. I would say the real litmus test for wholesale would be your middle market business and there it is starting to stabilize but it is still down a touch from last quarter. 
Mike Cavanagh: The devil is in the details on how they are done. Not really. Presumably they will be done in a thoughtful way which as Jamie said we are already doing a lot of this stuff on a loan by loan basis in a way that is appropriate and making changes and adjustments and in answer to Guy’s question earlier we factor all that in to how we think about future charge offs and therefore reserving. So we have a view. It is just a question of whether programs come in with something that blankets or is a less thoughtful approach than we think makes sense. 
Mike Cavanagh: We raised $11.5 billion. The next day they replenished the capital that was needed to execute that. 
Mike Cavanagh: Definitely the latter. Growing off of lower year-over-year comps. And as you go back to some of Gordon’s investor day slides the more affluent the segment the earlier and greater magnitude of sales pickup. We think as it relates to the market broadly our share of sales is picking up. All the work the business is doing with the new products and rewards programs and partner programs we have. Then there is some seasonality obviously when you go from the first versus the fourth figure. A big spending season in the fourth quarter. 
Mike Cavanagh: 100% of everything we know of. A straggling piece or two that final outcomes of what the legislation would be is not yet…
Mike Cavanagh: The change was bringing on $88 billion of assets which was largely credit card and then the equity account was putting up loan loss reserves related to those card assets. 
Mike Cavanagh: A lot of changes in the quarter but the FAS 166/167 was about $4.5 billion after-tax negative to the equity accounts all driven really by the credit card side which is reserves. 
Mike Cavanagh: That is the accounting pronouncements were on how to handle 166/167. That is a guidance on how all banks will handle that one. 
Mike Cavanagh: No. Independent of that. The provision in charge offs was separately the release of the $1 billion of reserves in credit cards given the improving credit trends, delinquencies and roll rates.  
Mike Cavanagh: Everything you saw in the card segment about the charge off rate and the guidance we talked about, none of that is affected by 166/167.  Thanks everybody. We look forward to next quarter. 
Jamie Dimon: VAR is just an inadequate measure of most things. Remember you are dropping very volatile trading months from a year ago and adding very benign trading months not to VAR. That is a huge reason why VAR has dropped so much and it is not just volatility. First of all, people did a great job. Spreads are back to kind of where they were. So think of it as they have almost normalized and that is fine. But a lot of client flow. A lot of volume and good trading around that. 
Jamie Dimon: So far we think the more consumer friendly thing is to fairly offer the consumer an option. Not to push at marketing but to say you have this option or that option. That still is our intent. B of A remember will offer that at the ATM for cash. They will notify the customer. We want to treat our customer very fairly. We think offering them an option probably is something they prefer. They always can turn it down. Remember a lot of the options the customer has is to link to other accounts, link to a credit card, things which are cheaper but we want to make sure we do all those things also for customers. 
Jamie Dimon: Remember it is a very static analysis and we have looked at it again. I don’t think it is going to change dramatically. 
Jamie Dimon: Again your assumptions about what the future holds are as good as ours. Credit card, when we look today remember we have real visibility really only into next quarter, those reserves will be coming down over time. Mortgage, the numbers are starting to look hopeful. There is so much uncertainty around mortgage I want to see it myself before you actually start taking it down. The real question for mortgage to me is how long the high losses last. That is the real question on mortgage not just the reserve number because huge losses are running through our books today and I think in commercial, and I put all wholesale in this; investment banking and middle market it looks like underlying credit trends are getting better, including a reduction in nonperformers, a repair of nonperformers and the financial stability of companies. 
Jamie Dimon: We are working on that now. We are not ideologically opposed to principle forgiveness. The issue is it has got to be done loan by loan to be fair. There is no other way to do it that is proper and fair both to the mortgage and to the bank. I don’t want to double count it because remember if you do principle forgiveness it is not that different than reducing payments for five years. You can double count a little bit but if we change our programs and we add some additional forgiveness it might change some of the loss rates going forward but we don’t know that for sure. But it might.  Remember we have a lot of reserves up for this stuff. High losses running through. Underlying trends are getting a little bit better. It is also not completely clear where all the government programs. We are still working to try and clarify what it is they meant on some of those programs. 
Jamie Dimon: Honestly if things are starting to peak out and the economy gets better you improve the worst part. There is a ways to go. You will see as I see in Washington and things like that. The underlying trends look good and we shouldn’t forget that. 
Jamie Dimon: I think we have been very clear on the dividends. We want to see real underlying employment growth for at least several months. That is number one. Number two, we want to see real and sustained improvements in delinquencies and charge offs on mortgages and that is not just one month. We would like to see it continue for awhile. Number three, I think we have pointed out as some other banks there is a lot of capital uncertainty. Uncertainty around Basel II rules, Basel III rules, dividend tax rules, bonus tax rules and we would like to see some of that clear up before we start using our capital. That number will probably continue to go up over time. We want to make sure we are always, always properly capitalized and this company is never questioned. You end up with excess capital, you haven’t thrown it away, you just get to use it later. 
Jamie Dimon: I am talking about net job creation. That is the really important thing in getting more people back to work. The other number has odd calculations in it. 
Jamie Dimon: No, what I mean by real job creation is that we really believe we have a sustained recovery. That to be is 100,000 jobs being added for several months in a row. 
Jamie Dimon: There are no credit card modification programs any different today than there were way back. Remember by the end of the last two years we have written off close to 20% of the portfolio. You would expect in an economic recovery or even stability that delinquency and charge offs would come down and in fact they are. So you have written off a lot of stuff. Meredith Whitney – Meredith Whitney Advisory: I appreciate that but I am looking at what you put out which is your card modifications doubled from 2008 to 2009. Yes, I would expect that normally but for the average consumer things have not gotten materially better so I am just trying to figure out what is going on. 
Jamie Dimon: I think you are talking about the things in credit workout. That just tracks charge offs and bankruptcies and stuff like that. 
Jamie Dimon: In credit card across income bands, FICO bands and vintages we are seeing improvement in delinquencies and charge offs. Meredith Whitney – Meredith Whitney Advisory: The main driver of that is? Obviously employment is not improving in your estimation. 
Jamie Dimon: I think the Chase portfolio which is $132 billion, we believe it is basically stabilized as it is. The WaMu portfolio which is $28 billion is going to keep going down and I think we gave some of those numbers at Investor Day. 
Jamie Dimon: Yes. You see us rolling out credit card new programs all the time. I think auto loans are up. I think jumbo loans are up just a little bit but they are up maybe double from a year ago. We still have, and we spoke of this at Investor Day, a large liquidation in the home lending portfolio because people are no longer doing sub-prime, Alt A and option ARM. Some of that we acquired from WaMu. That is going to run off. The other stuff year-over-year I think you actually may start seeing increases. 
Jamie Dimon: I think you have seen a lot of real estate get restructured has problems and it is kind of a delayed lag. It is going to happen over the next two years. If there is a proper way to do real estate lending secured with the right developers and we get some of the upside we would be happy to do it. 
Jamie Dimon: I think the way to look at it today is today we are in a fairly neutral position. So I think the disclosure made in the 10-K is for interest rates, the whole curve went up 100 basis points or like $300 million. Call that a very, very neutral position. So we have already gone from being short funded to neutral and the question is are we going to change it from there. [We aren’t] going to change it at all but Mike has said we will change it and rising long rates help earnings. Rising short earnings hurt earnings. So when you talk about neutralizing it you are going to neutralize one versus the other. That is a little complex but we like where we are today and over time that portfolio will probably come down. That portfolio is just one measure of interest rate exposure. It hasn’t come down that much in that portfolio but we have changed the components of it. 
Jamie Dimon: I would say we are reducing some of the extension risk and reducing some of the credit exposure in it. 
Jamie Dimon: I would say it is very little proprietary. It is a lot of client flow. So we are not the only ones who saw that. I think you are going to see the other people report similarly good numbers, somewhat driven by client flow and good results by traders. They are on the ball. They have paid attention. Rising rates don’t necessarily hurt your trading results. It is not because we are taking a mismatch and trading and you see some of that. There is some benefit from the fact spreads keep coming in and you have the reversal last year instead of losses in legacy credit and mortgage positions you had small gains in those things. We agree it was a very good quarter for FICC in particular. We are not going to tell you we expect it to continue like that all year. 
Jamie Dimon: It is very hard to have a positive impact. The devil is in the details here. When we over-simplify we are not doing justice to the issue. We do believe that most standardized things will go to clearinghouse and that is fine. That in and of itself doesn’t have a huge impact on revenue. Then there is the issue about how much of those and other trades go through an exchange and the transparency that could or couldn’t depending on how it is designed. How much room is left to have exceptions to over the counter or end user exceptions and that is not defined yet. It will be a negative. Depending on the real detail it could be $700 million or a couple of billion dollars. 
Jamie Dimon: Our traders did a good job. That was also cash, derivatives and prime broker. If you put it all together I think they all had a good quarter. 
Jamie Dimon: I think most people think some of those things in Basel, no one is against proper capital liquidity. That we need. A lot of those things in Basel III had too much as you can’t include agency or MBS as liquid security. You need 30% of deposits have to be held like there is going to be a run on 30% of deposits. You need to hold T bills against that. I think a lot of that is going to get modified appropriately so the impact of Basel III will be when it is ultimately rolled out it will be substantially less than the impact you saw on the initial Basel III proposal. Another thing that is really important for American banks is it needs to be consistent globally. That is an important competitive attribute. I think the regulators know that. If different countries do it, it would have a dramatic effect.  I also want to point out that Basel III will have a much bigger effect on non-U.S. banks. The European banks have to look at those numbers and they will have a different reaction to it and are probably going to want to phase it in over two years to 50 to make up for the dramatic impact on the balance sheet. 
Jamie Dimon: I think it is really a function of we are trying to give a sense that those run downs are real when you consider how much of even the Chase portfolio when you apply current underwriting standards given proven income as opposed to stated income, LTV’s that are sensitive to forward home price expectations and lower. All of those layered in against a reasonable set of origination levels that would qualify there given where home prices are is what is driving that. It is those underlying factors that allow us to do more volume at those kinds of new lending standards the numbers will be different. That is a reasonable guess on where we might find ourselves going over many years. 
Jamie Dimon: The actual rolling delinquencies, charge offs by vintage look a little better. Add to that the uncertainty around housing, government programs, new foreclosures and the economy we are being cautious. 
Jamie Dimon: It is hard to say because you are talking about more of competition than anything else. I believe if you have a rising rate environment with short rates going up 100-200 basis points and long rates going up 200 basis points, it is because of a healthy economy everything will be fine. If you have stagflation and rates going up and you don’t have a healthy economy that is probably the worst situation for a bank. In and of itself it is not the interest rate exposure, it is the other things that are going to drive that including as you pointed out competition. 
Jamie Dimon: When we talk about interest rate exposures we already build into that our assumption about how much a rate rise you pass on to consumers. We already assume that and I would say we are pretty aggressive assuming you have to pass on quite a bit of this at least early on in an interest rate cycle. On the consumer side if you look at consumers they have a lot of excess cash if you talk to economists. A lot of that is also money market funds. So it is a little bit different in deposit accounts. We are going to compete for our client business like everybody else and we assume it will be competitive going forward. 
Jamie Dimon: It looks fine. A point I made before pipelines are notoriously bad. Things go away and things come in and the debt markets sometimes the pipeline is not there at all so deals can get done very quickly but it looks healthy. 
Jamie Dimon: I should have said this before. Across vintages, FICO scores, LTV, regions, states, we are seeing pretty much improvement. It is very broad based. 
Jamie Dimon: First of all we are already doing that a little bit. We are already modifying seconds and not all seconds have firsts and not all seconds are in trouble. You really have to parse through all that. I would put that as an issue of uncertainty out there that remains. Yes. We also are doing the 2M cease program like most other banks. 
Jamie Dimon: That statement if that were true in some cases, and that would be true and your assumptions are all true your conclusion would be true. But that is not always the case. There are a lot of reasons why people are doing things. 
Jamie Dimon: You have to ask the regulators. We had nothing to do with the decisions made around declaring them insolvent and stuff like that. Obviously they were having deposit out flow. If you remember when we bought the company we put up $40 billion of reserves, write down reserves. 
Jamie Dimon: Since then the world has been worse, not better, so we put up slightly additional reserves in certain categories. Plus I am unaware of any club to tell you the truth. 
Jamie Dimon: I always question that discretionary breakout because if you really dig into it, it is hard to determine some of that. It is specific luxury items and vacation type travel those are up and they are up even stronger than the aggregate if I remember correctly. Brad Ball – Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co. : A clarification, in your response to the question about the Card Act I think Mike indicated some of the major provisions aren’t implemented until August which we know so we don’t know the impact of those but then later Jamie responded by saying that 100% was in the first quarter number. I am confused by that. 
Jamie Dimon: Remember those are static analysis. That is saying just kind of run it through but people are changing how they price for cards and how they are using cards. So not much of the static analysis will be what it ultimately cost the company three years from now. Brad Ball – Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co. : Is what you said about the consumer spending trends, is that what drove the comment Mike made about small business starting to pick up a bit? I guess small business on the borrowing side. 
Jamie Dimon: If you look at the quarter you have earnings minus the after-tax effect of that $7 billion of reserves plus OCI plus a whole bunch of other stuff. 
