Marianne Lake: It wasn’t anything particularly noteworthy in terms of one-time events; it was really quite broad, particularly in derivatives and cash. The performance was I would say solid year-over-year because we saw strength in the America this year but we had strength in Europe last year. And I think the first quarter 2014 wasn’t particularly strong, so I think we were flatten a little bit with a relative comparison but it was a really strong absolute and we think strong relative performance.
Marianne Lake: Yes, this is where it would be. I wouldn’t say, it’s a driver but we are as we said and the whole industry is looking to work with clients to optimize the use of balance sheet and improve return. So we think some of that, but I wouldn’t say it was a key driver.
Marianne Lake: No, I mean, it is more of the same. Obviously G-SIB took on a slightly heightened focus when we had some doubling happen in the proposal in December. So, we’ve always been measuring and monitoring and tracking G-SIB at a very granular level but we are obviously on a path now to aggressively manage it, which means that we are going to be just a little bit more focused on that constraint and uniquely also with advanced capital standardized limit balance sheet caps; the like. So, it’s more of the same honestly than just a heightened focus on this, given the U.S. proposal and given the impact of at least at this point, FX translation.
Marianne Lake: That’s right. I mean we maybe in a different position with G-SIB but others are leverage constraint. And just generally speaking, we are starting to see a lot more discipline around balance sheet and pricing is following somewhat generally.
Marianne Lake: So, again assuming for a second that rates don’t rise into the backend -- at the end of the year, I mean come back to that if you look, we would expect our NII dollars to be stable to slightly up because we’re still seeing growth in our interest earning assets. Obviously this quarter, we were down some on day count; it was a big chunk of the quarter-on-quarter reduction. So, we’re really going to see the biggest lift in NII when we do see rates rise, we see when that is. And similarly on our NIM, we would expect NIM to be stable, particularly given as we talked about what we’re seeing early on NIM, more particularly over the course of the last year or two have been this significant increase in cash and we’re going to see some of that, at least stabilizing term as we start to reduce our non-operating deposits and we should see our NIM relatively stable and again start to rise when rates rise.
Marianne Lake: So taking your first point Erika, obviously I don’t know the next time we’re going to and will likely get CCAR instructions including the rules and the minimums is likely to be sometime towards the end of this year for the next CCAR cycle as we get prepared to deliver that. So all I can say is what you know which is clearly the door was left opened for the minimum to be increased or potentially to include some element of the surcharge. We are hopeful that that won’t be the case because we would say the surcharge should be carried in baseline times to be used in stress and to have all firms to end up well capitalized afterwards but have no more insights than that for you. With respect to the dialogue with the Fed, it’s definitely much, much further progressed than it was two years and three years ago and every year it gets better in terms of the bilateral conversations and it’s constructive. I don’t think however you could today or will likely ever be able to characterize it as transparent and clear, maybe potentially by designs in terms of understanding or being able to reconcile exactly what their models do and what theirs results are driven by. So, I won’t be able to clarify for you what changed in there is also what this is between us and theirs but the dialogue itself is definitely more constructive and more bilateral and more continuous.
Marianne Lake: I think the best way to answer that is that we are still firmly with our guidance of adjusted expenses being $57 billion plus or minus by the end of the year or for the year, sorry. Obviously we will always try and outperform that but I wouldn’t characterize one quarter as a change in our guidance at this point.
Marianne Lake: I mean the most important thing obviously in all of that is that we were delighted to be able to partner with the large company on their strategic transformation and that’s the most important thing about that transaction for us. I am not going to comment specifically on whether or what JPMorgan will be interested in terms of asset purchases. We are much more focused on partnering strategically with the company.
Marianne Lake: We expect our -- it’s little complicated this year and we sort of articulated at Investor Day because we’re going to move at some point whether it’s a third or fourth quarter to have standardized the RWA be our binding constraint. So, 11% plus or minus is our target on CET1 and that’s what we said.
Marianne Lake: There is a couple of different things, one was a little specific. We had a portfolio of loans that we held for sale and subsequently exit from the balance sheet which drive some of it, but in addition to generally a competitive environment and lower demand particularly in Asia.
Marianne Lake: Not specifically; I will tell you that while we’re obviously delighted with the performance, it was a relatively strong market and there were some larger transactions. So, we’re happy with the gains but I can’t specifically comment on where it came from. 
Marianne Lake: Yes, it’s definitely moving assets. So basically, if you think about the E&P portfolio in particular when we think about the redetermination somewhat semiannually of the borrowing base and look those companies on a client specific name-by-name basis and with some contraction in the borrowing base networks and downgrades that drive our reserving methodology; it doesn’t mean that we feel that those companies are necessarily in significant difficulty, but that’s the way the reserving methodology works. And as I said, we do this on a client-by-client basis. We’re comfortable with our exposures and clients looking to manage their own defensive position. So, it’s not clear that they will necessarily be realized in losses, in fact it’s implied curve rather than flat to long order prices is in fact how things play out, it’s possible that there will be very little in a way of credit loss we’d assume.
Marianne Lake: First of all just on the contraction in spend given volatile prices, it’s pretty typical in this part of the cycle that you would see lower energy prices in the first instance drive savings rates up and you see consumer spend for the energy dividend so to speak lag back. So it’s the fact that we saw that happen in the first quarter; it’s not atypical and it doesn’t mean that we don’t expect the spend to grow and for that energy dividend to ultimately translate into high spend also; it’s more of a normal timing phenomenon is our expectation. But with respect to other activity -- yes, we saw active equity capital markets with defensive -- some defensive issuance and generally I think it’s a positive overall for the businesses and for the economy.
Marianne Lake: Yes, nothing specific to call out in the second half of the year and we should hit 11 if not a little better, yes.
Marianne Lake: I would say seven weeks or six weeks whatever it is, after Investor Day that the messaging hasn’t really change which is we have every intention of aggressively managing the score, doing as we talked about earlier in a very granular way. And we’re already working on that. And you see that in the most obvious state which is in reduction already to-date in non-operating deposit. But we continue to work on all of the things, so derivative notional compression, level three assets, financing and obviously we’re still thinking about what the response should be in terms of risk intermediation or clearing. And so I think six weeks on from Investor Day, the story is the same. We feel we are fully committed to ensuring that we are closely within the 4.5% bucket and we may not stop that but we’re only a few months into this.
Marianne Lake: Yes, I would -- obviously, you noted it’s from a small base, so that’s notable. There are two specific exposures that were moved for non-accrual. One of them was moved on a somewhat of a technicality, sovereign downgrade which we fully expect to recover on but that’s just the way we have to present it; and other smaller piece was one other isolated exposure. So, I wouldn’t over think it right now; it’s two exposures and it’s $200 million.
Marianne Lake: The first, the sovereign downgrade was -- did have oil and gas underlying exposure but again it was on a technicality rather than on the fundamentals of the company. And we fully expect to recover on that.
Marianne Lake: No, I will just say overall our sense is that the market is neutral relative to the event we happened to be able to benefit from it; some others will be neutral and some may have lost that. So these things happen regular way in trading businesses and it just happens to be the case that that event and the volatility it drove is good for us and our franchise. And I think it’s fair to show you that we’re in a business where expertise matters and risk decision matters and we were able to capitalize on both of those, not just for the Swiss franc but also for the other macro events in the quarter.
Marianne Lake: No I wouldn’t characterize in this one-time gain; I would categorize in this one of a number of items that drove our performance in the business.
Marianne Lake: I mean overall in the total Firm, the reserve built that we took was a little over $100 billion four-fifth of which was in the commercial bank. So, we did experience; we do all of this on a name by name basis, so we did across our portfolios but the majority was in the CB E&P portfolio.
Marianne Lake: No worries, $100 billion. I mean look at the end of the day you can see that over the course of the last -- since over the third quarter of 2012, our cash balances grew by couple of hundred billion dollars and that has been a very large contributor for the compression in our NIM, not the only one. So as we push out the non-operating deposits, we would expect to see that help but remember we’re still growing retail deposits. So if you look at this quarter in particular, even though we reduced our non-op deposits related to client actions by about $20 billion and the majority of that $24 billion, we have flat deposit. So, we’re continuing to grow the good retail deposit. So I would say it would be a tailwind but it will be a tailwind for stabilizing and slightly improving NIM outside of rate rises.
Marianne Lake: I am sorry, off the top of my head, I can’t remember the number you are saying. But no, our legal expenses; forget the legal expense that relates to reserves that we’ve taken and the settlements that we reached. Regular way, expense for third parties in legal isn’t down substantially quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year just although at some point it will be.
Marianne Lake: So, specifically with respect to the quarter, I would say that the wholesale parameter update -- our wholesale credit parameter update model benefit is up about a half of the RWA reduction with the other half coming from regular way portfolio run-off as well as some reductions in market risk associated with market risk positions; reductions in private equity; reductions in commitment systems, some position in reductions rather than driven specifically by FX. We’re running above $1.5 trillion now. And we said we’re going to manage both the advance and standardize to that number over the course of next couple of years. So, its FX -- its currency translation is at tailwinds and we would hope to do better but at this point, let’s get there.
Marianne Lake: At the moment, CET1 ratio launching into CCAR was 10% or below 10%, not the 12% that we expect to run out when once we build our capital to our target level. So you are right that right now on the CCAR, Tier 1 leverage was our binding constrain, both last year and this year. So a combination of our capital strategy around how we think about the issuance of preferred together with balance sheet actions will be how we think about mitigating that limitation in medium term. But ultimately it doesn’t change the fact that once we get to our target assuming that is the 12% that we articulated at Investor Day, but again we don’t think we should be leveraged constrained. So we’re going to work on that obviously and we’re continuing to build capital but when we launched into CCAR, we won at that level.
