Jamie Dimon: Great, Marianne. Thank you very much, and hello, everybody. So I’m going to just talk a little bit about things on page 15, because a lot of questions we’re getting asked about it. It’s three columns. I’ll do each one shortly. First, simplifying our business. If you look at what we’re doing, we’re spinning off One Equity Partners, selling physical commodities, and we’ve closed down a bunch of business lines. I think it’s a core business principle to always simplify your business and to focus on where you could really win. It’s a little more amplified this time because obviously there’s a new regulatory environment, capital, and we need to focus a lot of our management mindset on controls. You also, on that first column, you’ll see we’re de-risking. We’re trying to meet new standards that we’ve set for ourselves and the regulators want us to set to reduce risk to our company, particularly on anti-money laundering. It will have a revenue effect, so my guess is, if you asked, probably a couple of hundred million dollars across all of our businesses.  The middle column shows you the investments we’re making in control. We want to be best in class. We want to get to Six Sigma. It’s become the number one priority. Just to give you an idea, we’re going to spend about $1 billion more. But that’s not the effort.  The real effort, if you think about it, is how much resources have been redirected to get this right. And there’s unprecedented work streams, like 500 people working on CCAR, 500 people working on resolution and recovery. We just turned in a, believe it or not, 100,000-page plan. We’ve added 5,000 people. And so this is a permanent investment. These costs are not going to go away. I think it’s important we get this exactly right. If you look at the right hand column, I just want to go down that one by one. As I just mentioned, it is permanent cost structure that will stay in place, but our overhead is very competitive. We’re very rigorous on expenses. And we intend to stay that way.  So you shouldn’t expect to see tremendous increases in our expense base. While we simplified our business, it does not really affect our core businesses or core products. So Marianne went through the four business lines. It’s not going to affect our ability to be extremely competitive. Our [unintelligible] balance sheet is intact, and as you know, critically important to us.  The higher levels of capital liquidity will ultimately affect pricing to clients, but we’ll also be able to push down and optimize across the globe, effectively, as we adjust to the new global financial architecture. I think it’s important to point out that we do have to adjust to a new global financial architecture. It’s not just the [unintelligible], it’s really rules around the world. We’re working hard to do that. We think we will be able to do that. But we go into that with excellent franchises, good underlying growth, and a pretty good long term outlook.  Because while we operate in violent and volatile businesses around the world, markets go up and down, the underlying growth of asset management, equity, debt, capital markets, global multinationals, U.S. consumer needs, and middle market needs in the U.S., will actually be growing over time. So we think we’re in a very good place to serve them.  Our people really have done an outstanding job persevering and performing through these kind of difficult times, and you can actually go back, and it’s been five or six years. If you came to this building, I know a lot of you have, you see the employee morale is very high, and hopefully it will stay there.  And then the last thing, investor day, there’s a lot of new rules, they won’t be completely finalized, but we’ll know most of them, we’ll be able to give you a lot more of an update on how we think this affects our businesses going forward. We’re pretty optimistic that we’ll be able to continue to build a great company.  So we’ll stop there and open the floor to questions. 
Jamie Dimon: I think it may be a little bit the DC shutdown, but in reality it’s a complex thing. It’s a board-level issue, and we want a fair and reasonable settlement if we can. And that’s all we can really say about it. It involves multiple agencies. So you can imagine the complexity. 
Jamie Dimon: First of all, we’re going to get there when we get there. But obviously this company is very sound, plenty of capital. We want to pass CCAR, but when you talk about capital plans, it’s going to be subject to several things. One is the stock price. Subject to passing CCAR with flying colors, which is really the stress test of CCAR, and also subject to wanting to meet our own targets for capital. So we’ve already said we want to get to probably somewhere north of 10% Basel III tier one capital, etc. And when we know all those numbers, do our budgets, we’ll put the proper CCAR plan in place. 
Jamie Dimon: We should point out when we do CCAR next year, effectively - it’s not the same for every quarter - it will be based on Basel III, which is a far more volatile number, because RWA moves around under stress with the Basel III as opposed to under Basel I.
Jamie Dimon: It’s your job to forecast the future. We do think there’s some very good businesses, and like I said, there’s underlying growth. But obviously it could be swamped in the short run by markets and events, etc. We’ll report a lot more on investor day, give you much more insight. 
Jamie Dimon: I think there’s two major things. First of all, the pre-trade and post-trade rules are in place, and I think basically they didn’t have that much of an effect on the business. And now you have the [steps] in place, and if I’m talking to folks on the trading floor, volumes seem to be down a little bit, but not because of the steps. The steps are basically accepting data at this point. They’re not making markets yet. You haven’t seen a huge effect of it. And I think over time, it still remains to be seen. 
Jamie Dimon: Yeah, because we’re going to meet the new targets, and retain the capital, and eventually, we are actually already pushing down to the business. We’re starting to push down to the business units LCR, all the capital, all this stuff. Eventually, we’ll put down SLR, and that will affect pricing and stuff. What we don’t want to do is do a lot of it in anticipation. But if revolver [unintelligible] SLR at 100% drawn, the cost of those would go up. And I’m not sure they’ll go up immediately, but they will go up over time. And so we’ll be able to get there. We just don’t want to do stupid things in anticipation of rules that we don’t know what they are yet.
Jamie Dimon: So cash at central banks doesn’t have to hold capital against. That’s 50 basis points. If you took revolvers down to what we say is a normal draw, like even a stress draw of 20%, which is what we kind of saw in the crisis, that would be another 50 basis points. So we just want to be a little measured in how we deal with this.
Jamie Dimon: We would love to reduce the uncertainty around this for ourselves and for you, but it’s very, very hard to do. So the way I look at it is it will probably be elevated the next year or two, not like we just went through, but it will necessarily be lumpy. So as we settle, as we negotiate, as we figure out - remember there are multiple agencies involved in every case now. So you saw in the CIO thing, that we paid four and maybe eventually five penalties, which we really did not expect. And so we just have to deal with it and deal with the reality as it is. It will abate over time, and the underlying power of the company you can see. I wish I could give you a better answer, but one day it won’t be a big number.
Jamie Dimon: First of all, the big ones are really board-level type of discussions. And our preference is always to resolve it. It is very hard to fight with your regulators or the federal government, but we want them to be fair and reasonable. We have shareholders. And those shareholders, by the way, I remind people, it’s not me, it’s veterans and retirees, and mothers, and we’re trying to do the right thing. It’s very hard. We’ve got the top people involved inside and outside the company, and hopefully over time we will make this a much smaller issue. 
Jamie Dimon: It does, but again, we think we’ve maintained pretty good margins, and pretty good capital, and we have different ways to optimize. And not all the things we’re simplifying were very profitable. And so remember, it lets us focus on other things. And the other things we’re doing pretty well. Like, almost every single business we’re up in share.  And remember, the reason you go up in share is because\you’re doing a good job for clients. They vote with their feet, which means you’re satisfying them. And so we’re comfortable we’ll be able to adjust to the new world and still have great businesses.  And again, you haven’t seen all the reprice that might take place, you haven’t seen the reactions and changes in business strategies. And some things may move to the shadow banking world, which is fine. We’ll figure it out. Like I mentioned, the needs of our clients, consumer, small business, middle market, large corporate, are not going away. They have to be served and satisfied somewhere. 
Jamie Dimon: We’ve said 30-35%, and remember, we do it pretty consistently, after capital and looking at value creating and stuff like that. So that hasn’t changed. It just came down a little bit this quarter. 
Jamie Dimon: Obviously that’s true, Mike, because this is very painful for the company. So Bear Sterns, we did do quickly. We didn’t anticipate that we’d be paying anything for prior losses for Bear Sterns. I tell people, even at Bear Sterns, remember I think it was $80 billion of bonds were made good, which would have failed that day had they gone bankrupt.  And we did ask. We weren’t completely stupid. We did ask the SEC and only the SEC for would they please agree not to take enforcement actions against JPMorgan for things that happened at Bear, which of course they couldn’t do outright, but they did say they’d take in consideration the circumstances in which the transaction took place.  And in Wamu, we don’t believe we’re responsible, by contract. But that does not mean that people can’t come after you. So that was a little bit of a lesson learned, too. 
Jamie Dimon: We’re going to do what’s in the best interest of our shareholders, all things considered. It’s a board-level decision. It needs to be fair, reasonable, take into consideration all the facts, and if possible, we’d like to get it done. And if we can’t, the board will make that decision. It’s not a good choice either way. 
Jamie Dimon: So let me brag on our commercial bank and investment bank bankers. We’ve opened up branches, I’m going to say, Jacksonville, Sacramento, Nashville. So we’re actually in more places in the commercial bank.  Obviously we’ve been building on the Wamu footprint in Florida and California, and they’ve just been doing an exceptional job. And more importantly, a high quality job. We’re really happy with the quality of the business they’re booking and our investment bankers. You see the numbers in equity and debt.  :
Jamie Dimon: Some more detail on how much long term debt. I think we have almost 20% of available resources today. And then you can look at things very basic, and simple, and say, okay, well, if cost is a little bit higher, and pricing stays the same, and capital is higher, returns are a little bit lower, that’s true. But that doesn’t take into consideration things we don’t know, which is repricing, competitor strategies, and our ability to optimize by client, by state, by reason, by product.  So all of those things, we just can give you a better idea. We’re very comfortable. We’ve got a very good business. We’ll just give you a better idea of what we think it means, by business. You know, for example, we’re going to allocate more capital and operating capital to the businesses. We’re going to ask them to optimize on SLR. And without damaging the client franchise. So we’ll just give you a little more detail, that’s all.
Jamie Dimon: No, I think a lot of people mentioned that they think it was inappropriate to apply capital to that. But the regulators will decide. Whatever it is, we will be able to adjust to it and conform to the rules. I was just pointing out that some of these things can move that number quite a bit, as a reason why you shouldn’t overreact to it and just take the time and do it right.  When we know the final rules, we will conform. We can conform very quickly. So why would you conform very quickly and disrupt clients? So just think of it that way. We’re just trying to do the right thing for the client base and the company. We could go out tomorrow and say, we’re not going to make any more revolvers, and the revolvers [would go up] very quickly. We just don’t want to do that. It’s just not a rational way to run a business. 
Jamie Dimon: We are going to meet our target for the runoff portfolio, which are of course a couple of things. Part of the CRM was a synthetic credit portfolio, which is I’m going to say a tenth of the size it was a year ago. I just don’t remember the exact number. And we’re still going to be optimizing across other products. There are certain things in mortgages which use up a lot of capital, etc. So we have more to go in kind of optimizing RWA.
Jamie Dimon: No, that one. But they had a small correlation book in the IB. This is a synthetic credit portfolio that was moved over to the IB, and eventually those will probably be put together, and much smaller.
Jamie Dimon: It’s a rational, idiosyncratic event that people should be prepared for. Remember, we did go through that with Lehman.
Jamie Dimon: No. I mean, obviously it’s very painful, for me, personally, because I agree with you, I don’t like losing money, obviously, for my shareholders. We put up, and Marianne’s been very clear, these are very tough numbers to estimate. It’s a heightened environment, multiple agencies are involved on often the same thing. We’re just trying to improve and get better and move on. Remember, these reserves relate to things that took place over multiple years. So it isn’t a one-year event. And we still didn’t lose money during the crisis.
Jamie Dimon: It’s going well, but as [unintelligible] is still building the systems to actually do it, and come up with the products and services that we think can do a better job both for the merchants and for customers. We’re still working on that. That’s not going to happen overnight. We just think it could be a very good thing over time.
Jamie Dimon: We don’t know those rules yet, but presumably it’s going to be equity plus preferred plus unsecured senior debt, and subordinated debt. And I think our number’s already at 20% of risk-weighted assets there. So we’re already in a pretty good place, but we’ll see what the final rules are.
Jamie Dimon: I’ve got to go, because I have a meeting I have to go to, but I appreciate the time with us. And Marianne can answer the remaining questions.
Marianne Lake: No, unfortunately we did as much as we can to give you as much clarity as we can, but we’re not going to be able to break that down for you.
Marianne Lake: The way to think about it, very candidly, is that we didn’t expect, when we estimated that… Remember, it’s a very difficult thing to estimate the significant uncertainty in terms of the estimates, significant judgment, and when we made those judgments in the second quarter, we didn’t anticipate the environment being as volatile and escalating to the point that it has now.  So as we’ve taken our reserves, the reserves reflect today. So they reflect the current environment and the situation and facts that we’re in. And we’ve now taken that into consideration as we look forward, with our reasonably possible range. That’s why it hasn’t gone down anywhere near dollar to dollar, obviously. 
Marianne Lake: All we can say is that we’ve reserved for what’s probable and estimable based upon the facts and circumstances specific to each individual exposure and the overall environment.
Marianne Lake: Just two things. And I think in the Barclays presentation there was a slide that showed that of the increase in our outlook, there was a chunk of it that related to non-corporate litigation. So it certainly isn’t entirely to do with our investment in cost and control, much of which we are funding through efficiencies. Having said that, there is an incremental cost. It is in part permanent, and is going to be affecting our run rate. But there was a good, I think, $500 million of other expenses including non-corporate litigation which, as you know, we don’t adjust out. 
Marianne Lake: The longer-term target was a $325 million quarterly run rate, but that’s over the longer term. What we said about 2013 and are on track to deliver is that we’d exit the year with about $600 million of expenses in the fourth quarter. 
Marianne Lake: Yes, which we still expect. If you look at the third quarter run rate adjusted, it’s about $650 million, down from just over $700 million in the second quarter. So that trend is moving in the right direction.
Marianne Lake: I was pointing it out mainly because I think if you go back several quarters over a year ago, standardized for us was lower than advanced by a reasonable spread. And clearly when the Collins [unintelligible] Amendment is applicable, which is not for a period of time, we would be looking at the lower of those two ratios. Right now, it’s higher than the advanced approach by a little more than 10 basis points.
Marianne Lake: And remember, there is still the possibility that there will be changes made to reflect, I think, the [FIN 41] [unintelligible] which you’re talking about, which I think would be positive, clearly positive, to the repo market.
Marianne Lake: Growth has flattened out in terms of interest earning assets. You’ve seen that obviously take place over the last couple of quarters. And so our guidance is reflecting the fact that we’ve seen things stabilize, both NIM and NII, and that for the near term, that’s what we’re expecting.
Marianne Lake: Our businesses are thinking through all of the implications. When the rules come out, we’ll be able to [unintelligible]. If you think about it, it’s a measured approach. We don’t want to overreact. We want to see how things play out. And at the margin, there will be some changes to products and pricing, but we’re going to be very measured.
Marianne Lake: Two things. One is if you just look at the firm-wide leverage ratio for a second, that 4.7%, obviously there may be changes when the final rules are issued. But just take that as a base. We’re only 30 basis points from the minimum, and while we’re targeting to go higher than that, clearly 30 basis points is not a great distance for us to cover.  And then I would just reiterate what Jamie said, which is when we look at our 2014 CCAR, it will take into account a balanced set of facts and circumstances. So obviously both the quantitative and qualitative nature of the results of the stress test, but also our desire to once again get to capital levels that we’ve expressed, together with maintaining flexibility through appropriate dividends and repurchases. So all those things together will be considered in the capital plan.
Marianne Lake: Three things. First of all, just to clarify, currently our standardized ratio is higher than advanced, albeit not by a very wide margin. So just to clarify that point. Just generically, the advanced approach RWA sensitivity to a stressed environment would be more impacted than a standardized approach.  But remember that’s a future issue for us, for 2014 CCAR. As we understand the instructions, we will be looking at an additional test on top of the 5% Basel I that will have a Basel I risk-weighted assets for the denominator for the first four quarters, and Basel III standardized for the second four quarters.  So for 2014 CCAR, the advanced approach isn’t one of the critical tests, although it will likely be in the future. But in theory, and in reality, that will reduce more dramatically under stress than the other measure. 
Marianne Lake: It’s consistent with what we said at investor day, in terms of the remaining jobs coming out of the branch network in consumer as we implement new technology and new operation models and new branch formats.
Marianne Lake: Just for what it’s worth, on page 2, very small, in a footnote we talk about an estimate of about 80% of NBS deal losses related to heritage Wamu and Bear Sterns. That’s losses. 
Marianne Lake: The factor there was candidly that you were all trying to do this. You had most, or at least a large number of, analysts that published research papers trying to recreate settlements and reserves through time, and for this one time only, we felt like it was helpful and transparent and constructive to show you the magnitude of reserves after these actions, so that you can have that context when you think about the future.
Marianne Lake: First of all, just to give context to that, 6-7% down quarter over quarter, there is a portion of our expense base related to mortgage that’s truly variable. So as production levels go down, we pay less compensation on the loans. And as a result, that’s what you’re seeing in this quarter. With respect to then rightsizing the expense base for the opportunity in the market, we have taken actions, as you’re aware, in the third quarter, to start to do that.  However, once you’ve gone beyond the truly variable costs, those actions take in some cases six months to truly get through the run rate. So while we will expect to see that start to come to fruition in the fourth quarter, not completely in the quarter, more as a run rate matter.  And then there is a portion of costs that are more fixed in terms of our ability to be able to participate, whether it’s real estate, technology, and a core infrastructure. Obviously we’re also taking a look at that, but we’re in this business, and so there will be an element of fixed costs obviously into next year.  But you should expect that we’re still seeing, absent [locks] go down tightly into the fourth quarter, you should expect revenues may be down, but expenses will also be down for that net slight negative pretax margin that we’ve guided you to. That’s still what we expect.
Marianne Lake: We don’t expect or believe that there should be any repercussions, but ultimately that’s the regulators’ decision. So we resubmitted CCAR in September. We’re still waiting for feedback. We get feedback in early December. We will do a good, thoughtful, and appropriate job of thinking through our capital [asks] as we do the 2014 CCAR. So those will be the things that we do.
Marianne Lake: I’m not expecting that the details and results will necessarily become public. Remember, it wasn’t a quantitative issue, per se, it was a qualitative issue. So what the regulators are looking for is our response to their recommendations and substantial progress in that. I do think it obviously would be public what their response has been to that, sometime in December, and we’ll work out exactly when that would be. So I would expect you to understand whether our plan has been accepted or otherwise at some point in December.  And we’re already working on the 2014 CCAR submission. Obviously that submission in early January means that it will be board approved in December, and that process has started. And all of the work - Jamie talked about it. He talked about 500 people, thousands of people involved, models, documentation, [covenants], controls. All of that work that we did for the resubmission is fully being leveraged for ongoing CCAR processes, and we’re building on it. So this for us will continue to become better over time, and 2014 will be another step in that process. 
Marianne Lake: Really, most significantly the other thing that we just talked about, which is that in addition to all of the other minimum levels that we’ve been testing against, we have new tests under Basel III. It will be a test that recognizes phase-ins in the capital numerator, and also a slightly different denominator through time with different minimum levels of 4% in ’14 and 4.5% in ’15. So that’s the other real big [frame up] change.
Marianne Lake: We obviously can’t comment on any sort of discussion or status of any specifics on litigation. Yes, you’re right, the framework is probably estimable, so you should obviously assume that we didn’t or couldn’t estimate, or these events were not probable at the time. But today, our reserves are appropriate for the current environment and the information that [unintelligible].
Marianne Lake: We’re estimating some penalties. Given the environment, we would expect that some of the expenses would come with penalty nature, and you can obviously do the math from the front page. But they are estimates, and they include a range of matters, not limited to mortgage.
Marianne Lake: Actually, it’s a great question. There is a fronting in that number of just shy of $2 billion, $1.7 billion, that will ultimately be syndicated in the short term. So I would adjust that out when you’re looking at the quarter over quarter numbers. Other than that, it’s relatively flat and steady performance in core middle market and strength in real estate.
Marianne Lake: And we’ve begun to reinvest. We’re looking at the over portfolio. We’re doing some rotation. And that process has started.
Marianne Lake: At a macro level, just talking about the firm-wide level for a second, we’ve said that we’re looking at running the firm at a Basel III tier one common ratio of between 10% and 10.5%, which would imply in any case tier one capital minimums will be 11% ultimately. So we’ll be at 11-plus percent in tier one capital.  And we talked about leverage running at 5.5% over time as well. And if you think about 11%-plus tier one capital, 10.5% Basel III common, and a 5.5% documentary leverage ratio, given the ratio of our risk-weighted assets to our balance sheet, they actually can exist quite happily.  So it is going to be a multi-variant set of binding constraints, but at those levels they exist quite nicely. Obviously the devil’s in the detail, when you push down into the businesses client by client, product by product, and that work will go on. And as we do that work, as Jamie’s talked about, we expect to be able to optimize, which will include some repricing and some restructuring of products, but at a macro-level, they will coexist relatively well.
Marianne Lake: Sure. The way to think about the PCI reserve release, it’s the first one we’ve taken, and it reflects obviously improved home prices and lower severities. But it’s a life of loan model, so if all of the things from here are equal, then, you know, we are where we are. Obviously if there are significant changes, probably primarily in home prices, but also in delinquencies, then you might see some more reserve releases. These are likely to be more periodic and lumpy, because obviously we will be refreshing our life of loan forecast over time. It’s possible that you may see them in multiple courses, but that’s not what we’re expecting.
Marianne Lake: I can certainly talk [unintelligible] where as soon as we understand the rules we start to push them down into the organization so that the people who are transacting at the product and client level can make the best and most appropriate decisions to maximize returns and meet hurdles and all of those sorts of good things.  And you’re right, over the last several years, we have seen capital and liquidity increase dramatically. Meanwhile, we’ve still been delivering a core underlying performance in that kind of mid-teens return on tangible common equity. So we’re still competing effectively, which leads me to believe that others are doing the same thing and that that’s being reflected in the competitive nature of the environment. I think it’s obviously going to continue some, as we and others have set ourselves even higher targets for capital, and then obviously new rules, including the SLR. But I also do think that these things work through the system through time pretty quickly, given the nature of the business.
Glenn Schorr - ISI: Okay, but that spread is a lot tighter, so it’s less concerning. So that’s good. Curious, we don’t have all the answers on how the whole leverage focus is going to shake out, but it seems to be working its way through a little bit. I think your book’s down 15% or so year on year, and it’s less than 10% of the overall ballot sheet. But is that a correct way to think about it, that that focus is going to start impacting the repo market? And I’m just curious if you could talk about, for your book, what is balance sheet financing versus real customer financing.
Glenn Schorr - ISI: Shifting gears, just a quickie, I saw the guidance is for flat net interest income dollars. Your loan growth was 1% or 2% quarter on quarter, year on year. But the underlying business, as you mentioned, is a lot better. Just curious, it seems like conservative guidance, but curious on what’s behind it.
Glenn Schorr - ISI: Maybe a last one. It’s a world that doesn’t have a lot of loan growth, has very low interest rates, and capital markets have been far from ideal. To your point, your underlying businesses are operating good, and ex the charge, you’re earning that $6 run rate that people are hoping you could get to. I guess the question is, do you have more confidence than you did last year in terms of that $24 billion over the cycle? Because you’re kind of at that run rate now with not ideal conditions.
Matt O’Connor - Deutsche Bank: Just looking at slide 15, I think this is very helpful in terms of laying out some of the things that you’re targeting to reduce, on the left-hand side. I guess as we set back that picture and we think about a couple hundred million of revenue given up on the left side, and expense pick up in the middle, and then we factor in the higher capital requirements, the higher liquidity, are you confident that both the long term earnings impact won’t be that meaningful and that you don’t need to adjust the model that much? And I think that’s kind of most people’s view, but the nickels and dimes I think there’s some concern that it does start to add up as well.
Matt O’Connor - Deutsche Bank: And then just separately, the compensation rate within the investment bank coming down this quarter, just by pretty good revenue trends overall, any additional color on that? I think you’ve been targeting 35% longer term, or maybe 31% or so.
Matt O’Connor - Deutsche Bank: And then lastly, could you just share what the CIO losses were a year ago? I’m not sure you’ve disclosed that before.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: And as it relates to slide 15, the repositioning of the business, what inning are you in for that derisking and the control agenda? It seems like derisking might be earlier innings and the control agenda the later stages? But you tell me.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: And then the larger question relates to the legal issue. How much of the investor losses for the mortgage putback in the mortgage securities relates to Bear and Wamu? I know there’s been a lot of numbers in the press, but we haven’t heard those numbers from you.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: So I guess one question, if 80% of the losses are from the deals, would you have done the deals differently? Did you not read the fine print? Did you not have some additional protection that you might have had? I know it was short notice for these transactions. On the other hand, as you look back now, maybe you wish you did something differently.
