Douglas L. Braunstein: Yes. So on the expense front, I think we are constantly working to try and manage the expenses. As you saw expenses, John, were down in the quarter versus year-over-year and we're going to continue to manage it and that's what we're expecting of all of our businesses. On the comp-to-revenue side in the Investment Bank, we think we've paid appropriately given the performance of the Investment Bank and I think we're going to expect it to return an appropriate level based on that pay. Also, we're going to constantly be aware of what's going on in the market. So we'll see where the markets end for 2011 for everyone.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Yes. So in NIM, John, for the quarter, it was really a mix issue. In part, we had lower cash, we had some redeployment in Treasury and we also had some lower rates on the deposit businesses. So that's what we saw. I'd say, for the outlook for the first quarter, we expect to see some downward pressure on NIM in the first quarter and that would be -- well, as we continue this mix in our portfolio on the Loan side, greater growth in the Wholesale side and some runoff in the Consumer side, we'll also see a little lower yielding loans that we add on. And the other piece I'd say is we've got a lower-yield investment securities, I think, expected in this rate environment.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Well, we talked about that and I think clarification on the Basel III rules we would expect will be the regulatory event. We're hopeful that that'll happen sometime in the first quarter, but that's really up to the regulators.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Yes. So if they dropped another 8 -- remember, we said last quarter it's 10%. 80% more and you get $1.5 billion incremental impact in PCI reserves.
Douglas L. Braunstein: 6 quarters, 7 quarters in middle-market. This is really a trend we've been seeing. And by the way, the same thing in the small business side. It's been a little slow this quarter, yes, but it's been up significantly across the businesses all year.
Douglas L. Braunstein: No. And -- but we had syndicated -- we had record syndicated loan fees, so there is a lot of that activity going on. But you also saw a lot of activity in the capital markets. So people are, I think, are doing both and we did see some real fundamental growth in the Investment Bank in terms of year-over-year stuff. But quarter-over-quarter, I wouldn't draw a conclusion.
Douglas L. Braunstein: And CB and, I think, actually AM is also included in that number. So I mean we did see growth across every single one of those businesses quarter-on-quarter.
Douglas L. Braunstein: And Guy, if you just do the math, and you say, $877 million, you multiply by 4, so call it $3.6 billion, we're still, after that, have $8.7 billion worth of reserves up for that portfolio.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Yes. I mean, it should be flat to up. Again, that's a function of deposits and it's a function of loans and we expect both of those to continue to trend, if the world stays the same.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Matt, if that's the case, we should have an upward trajectory throughout the year. Now, remember, again, the one other thing, that's net loan growth. We did tell you we're going to have portfolio runoff in Home Lending, so that's going to impact NII on an absolute dollar basis by about $500 million. So the mix will change, but if trends continue where they are, yes.
Douglas L. Braunstein: And that number, Matt, that $6 amount and we're working through that, and we'd expect to be through that in 2012. And so, and then on the private label side, there's not confusion in our part, we do not believe we have repurchase liability for the private label claims from WaMu.
Douglas L. Braunstein: But, Matt, you should expect to see, that slide that Jamie put up at the conference in December, that will be in our filings.
Douglas L. Braunstein: With a little more detail and we may add some additional countries to that, but that's sort of the level of the disclosure we're expecting for others to have as well.
Douglas L. Braunstein: No, there really wasn't. I mean, the capital markets are a big part, equity in particular of our Asian business and those were very challenging in the quarter. If you look at x DVA, which actually had an impact there, it was a little smaller decline. And year-over-year, revenues internationally for the bank were up a couple of billion dollars and a much larger percentage, almost 24% of the total revenue up from about 21%.
Douglas L. Braunstein: I don't think our outlook has changed. But again, it's going to be, in part, a function of the markets and how open they are for business. Pipeline is great. What you're going to execute -- that's why pipeline is so deceptive because what you can actually execute is a different question.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Yes, overall. Unfortunately, the pipeline gets bigger as you can't execute and the stuff gets delayed.
Douglas L. Braunstein: And, Jamie, I would add, on the repurchase reserve front, I've got $3.6 billion there. That's another number that, over time, should come down materially.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Ron, it was just some true-ups, some state and local benefits. And you should expect low 30s for 2012.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Chris, the ongoing servicing number is, call it, a couple of hundred million bucks a quarter that will stay.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Okay. So the numbers today, about $300 billion in uplift and what we've said is we're going to bring that number down. It's really going to be 2 things. One is we just have natural portfolio runoff across the businesses and that's going to reduce RWA.
Douglas L. Braunstein: And the second is, there's just model implementation, and that's again, we're just literally inputting the data that's required in order to have a somewhat different treatment than the standard, that's going to just take time. We're going to do that over the next 2 years and you'll see that roll through the numbers over the next 2 years.
Douglas L. Braunstein: I don't know the exact -- we can get back to you on the exact nominal dollar amount, but a lot of it is in the mortgage portfolio. So it's pretty close to that number.
James Dimon: So we basically expect our overhead, i.e. non-IB comp, to be about flat next year. And then that's after a lot of investments, too. So it's not -- I think we have pretty good expense control. The only thing I want to say about IB comp, no I think you'll see it stay around those numbers. But there's also a lot of pressure. We get an awful lot of pressure for our bankers and traders to increase our payout ratio to about what newspapers and media have, which is a little bit higher.
James Dimon: Yes. So if you look at the overhead which I forgot, it was like almost $50 billion a year and that's x IB comp and things that we have for litigation or something like that, to be essentially flat. But that's -- the way you should think about that is we're making huge investments and we have opportunities to market or -- but we change it all the time.
James Dimon: Yes, so let me answer the first in part. I think what you need to see is employment. That's what you need to see because employment, in our opinion, will drive household formation. But if you look at the other factors, okay, we've been destroying more homes than we build in the last several years. We've added 10 million Americans. We're going to add 3 million Americans every year for the next 10 years, that's 30 million Americans who need 13 million in drawings or something like that. Household formation has been half what it normally is, and in most economy tell you that's going to come back with job creation. And the so-called shadow inventory is coming down, not going up. So for all the chatter about it, it is very high. Rental in half the markets in America is not cheaper to rent than to buy -- it's cheaper to buy than to rent. Housing is an all-time affordability and my guess is, is that mortgage underwriting will loosen, not tighten. So if we put all of those things together, you're going to have a turn at one point. Look, I don't know if it's 3 months, 6 months, 9 months. But it's getting closer.
James Dimon: It was much more sensitive to going down because we have to take capital losses than going up where we don't get appreciation. So to me, if you have housing get better, our charge-offs will just start to rapidly go down. And yes, it's a real improvement in mortgage portfolio and then we would need all the reserves, so you got both those things. Also we have, hopefully, active mortgage markets and healthy economy and that would be great.
James Dimon: Well, I'm going to put Volcker aside, okay, because that's really hasn't been written yet. There are a lot of things coming out about it. You can come up with a scenario which is not good. I should write or ring the phone that we -- the United States has the widest and deepest and most transparent capital markets in the world. And you should repeat that over and over, particularly when you go to Washington. The widest, deepest and the most liquid, i.e. for buyers and sellers, very narrow spreads. That's a very good thing, okay? The beneficiary of very narrow spreads are the investors of the world. And so if you lose liquidity, you lose market-makers. It's going to cost retirees, pensioners, firemen, retired military more money to invest their money. So we need those things, I think we've got to be very careful we don't destroy that as we try to limit -- a fair limit, they want to put in proprietary trading. So at the end of the day, I think we'll deal with that later but -- well, I think it's -- secular is pretty much what it is and not permanent. I think that trading is right. If we have 16,000 clients around the world, the amount of money they're going to need to invest in the next 10 years is going to double. I think you have underlying growth, the same kind of underlying growth you had in the 2000s, the '90s, the '80s, the '70s, the '60s. And of course, gradual change and policy change and competition will change, that's pretty good. So we're going to be in the business, we make markets actively for people, we're very good at it. And those institutions, 16,000, which include pension plans and governments and corporations, those are required services. You need to have people making markets in that so people can move securities. So we're starting see a lot of people understand that. The volumes itself, in the marketplace obviously go up or down pretty dramatically not just by quarter, but sometimes by day.
James Dimon: I know the liquidity metrics you're talking about. I think, what I'm saying is that I think what the ECB did was a very, very powerful thing, okay? Which is extending the collateral in 3-year funding. So powerful, in fact, I think you could probably make the statement that eliminates bank liquidity or funding problems for at least next year. That's a pretty powerful statement. That was the biggest single risk of an uncontrollable surprise right there. So if that's taken on the tip, that's a good thing. Now the banks still have to increase capital, so therefore, they're still reducing RWA, i.e. by not rolling things over, you can see them selling aircraft loans, trade finance. They're not participating much in revolvers, there are certain conduits they're not doing anymore. So you see them, but that's now just to create capital, not because of a funding crisis in any way. So look, I think Europe is trying mightily to solve its problems. I still think the likely outcome is they will muddle through, but the longer you wait, the higher you run a risk of something disorderly that you can't really control. But I think the ECB took off the worst outcome, i.e. a bank failure. The other thing that I'd say and it's quite obvious, I just got back from Berlin yesterday, that regulatory policy is completely contradictory to government objectives. They just start talking to each other a little bit.
James Dimon: Yes, so this is -- first of all, most of the assets we have are just I'm going to call ordinary course of business to maintain our trading books and credit for clients. So are we going to be aggressively bidding for assets from overseas? No, we've done some, we see that in the portfolio, it's up $10 billion, some of that came out of Europe. But again, going back to contradictory policy, most of us want to get our capital up and, therefore, we're not going to do it. And that's the outcome of all of these rules and that's life.
James Dimon: No, they're clear bad. And I'll give you a very specific example, because there's one security we looked at, that if you look at -- we believe we've had a 10% cash return and that really required some economic capital. Basel III statutory requirements was 1,200% capital, that's an 8% pretax return, 5.5% after-tax. We're not going to do it. That's all, life. Not a big deal for us, it's not great for the recovery of the global market. Because remember, that's not just one security, that filters through what people are doing everywhere.
James Dimon: Right. Well, listen, we're doing RWA in the budgets at a very detailed level in LCR and all that. So yes, we're going to have to manage, really micromanage RWA. And so yes, there are assets we're going to put on, that we think are very good RWA returns and we're probably much more sensitive to that, for now, than we would be in the past.
James Dimon: No, we're not pulling back. In the overhead number, I think we already mentioned the $50 billion is, I believe, going to be pretty consistent so far for next year. And the headcount, let me split it 3 things. We are always gaining efficiencies which you don't see. In tech, ops, overhead, a whole bunch of stuff. And we've added and we break it out, and you've got to do it by business, with branches. So we've added 3,000 salespeople in branches in Consumer, some of that is in the new branches, some of that is in existing branches. We're adding private bankers, we're adding branches overseas. We opened 20 branches overseas, mostly for TS&S. So all those things add people. And for the biggest add, which we'll not be adding any more, was to handle default. So there's -- I've got the total number, we've added 15,000 people the last 2 years, maybe more, just to handle default mortgage, in mortgage. That number has probably peaked and I think you'll see it coming down in the next couple of years.
James Dimon: No, no, not OREO -- well, also OREO but it's 15 -- yes, it's 15,000 to 20,000 just to deal with default servicing, OREO, foreclosed assets and all that kind of stuff. So those numbers will -- I think is now running, we'll break it out to you.
James Dimon: Of which 2/3 is default now. And that default number is going to come down over the next couple of years and the headcount related to that too.
James Dimon: Let's just keep it simple, all right? We're still assuming another 1% or 2% drop across the foreign home prices. We do it by region and stuff like that. If they dropped another...
James Dimon: That's just forecasting lifetime losses. Remember, there's little adjustments that change that quite a bit so...
James Dimon: My guess, I'd go the other way. We have almost $9 billion of reserves for mortgages. We've got $3 billion in reserves for repurchase. Charge-offs are coming down. It's more likely than not we're going to have excess reserves and this will be reversing at one point. To me, it' will be when the economy gets stronger.
James Dimon: Again, you're talking about contradictory regulatory policy. When I was in Berlin, they were complaining that no banks were lending to other banks. Well, of course not. If you look at the -- the banks are being penalized for lending to banks. The G-SIFI charged specifically penalizing lending their banks and the FDIC charge of 10 basis points is on interbank lending. There will be no interbank lending ever again. Now maybe that's a wise policy in the future, that perfectly reasonable, if not reasonable now. But that's what we did.
James Dimon: We do finance banks. We do have some credit at the banks and we do, do some secured funding. So we do deal with banks. It's very different with interbank placing when you get to it's [ph] short-term funds.
James Dimon: I think it reduces the pressure on them, but they have this 9% capital target they have to do by June. So I think you've got ask them. I think that's what's pushing them to shed risk-weighted assets to get that 9%. Most of them are not going to issue equity, nor would I if I were them.
James Dimon: But I would say we have not seen a huge -- I mean, some people are expecting a roll of sales and this wave of sales. We have not seen that. We see a more orderly -- particularly in trade finance, aircraft, some CMBS, and some RBS, some condo-related businesses, it's not a wave. It's just a kind of orderly movement of assets from some banks to others.
James Dimon: You see, I think what I said, originally, I know we've flip-flopped things a little bit. Originally we said there's no reason to get there early and then at the Europe Conference, I said maybe by '09, the near 2012. We're going to drive it up, okay? We've just finished CCAR, the Fed is giving out more guidance that they'd like to see people, the way I'm going to word, is make little progress on getting to, [indiscernible] 9.5% of course by 2018. We're going to do that, so it may not be quite 9%, so we do we like our stock and we don't mind buying back stock. But I just think you're going to have people getting there quicker rather than slower. People want to get out of the yoke of this thing at one point. I mean, we've got to get this behind us. The good news about the CCAR, in my opinion, is it should, I hope, definitively get rid of this capital issue once and for all. I mean, if banks can demonstrate that a 13% unemployment, a market down 50%, home prices down 20%, a catastrophe in the U.S. market sales and trading, a catastrophe in European credit in sales and trading, and with all that, you're still way above Basel 1.5. It makes 2 points: we've got plenty of capital and we don't need more. And we're going to -- I think that points can be quite openly and politely when people release the results of the CCAR.
James Dimon: The Commercial Bank is 100% U.S. and has nothing to do with European banks. And from what we can see, it is continuing and it's very broad-based in terms of clientele, et cetera. It's not utilization, it's actually just new lines of credits for the most part. I think in the Investment Bank, the loan portfolio of $10 billion, that was about half.
James Dimon: Modest uptick in utilization but the reason we don't really know is, remember, we had a lot of bankers, particularly in Florida and California, which is new to us. So we know -- and we've added -- I think it was $2 billion of total loans came out of those areas. So we know some of our growth is, with new areas, to have obviously got some market share issues as opposed to -- but I think when other banks report, you're going to see some good loan growth numbers in Commercial Bank in the U.S. And okay, again, if you look at our numbers, Small Business up 52%, Trade Finance up 73%, Investment Banking. I mean they're all -- we were starting to see pretty good growth.
James Dimon: As I said, we're not macroeconomists, okay? If you want to know about that you should seek that out yourself.
James Dimon: It's not, it's not. The big chunk of that, if you take the Investment Bank loans, which I think that went from $60 billion to $70 billion or something like that...
James Dimon: That bounces all over the place. That includes bridge loans and it does include like $5 billion or $6 billion of conduits we put in there. We don't expect to see that kind of loan growth every quarter in that portfolio.
James Dimon: Right. The Wholesale loans, no, other than, we've mentioned, 5 maybe just a little bit more billion relating to European loans that we bought or conduits. I don't expect that to continue. It might. That's not a flight to quality. That's just -- so other people are trying to get rid of their assets. There's no question in the liability side, particularly in large corporate. So TSS, you're right, it was up 100...
James Dimon: More than $100 billion year-over-year. My guess is, a lot of that was flight to quality. It's very hard for us to distinguish because some of it was just big -- money sitting there, companies are flushed with cash and their cash balances are growing, some are new accounts. So we estimate that a chunk of that might be that, but we don't make a lot of money in that. So the part that whatever you call the flight to quality or something like that, I mean, we're making very little on it. We almost do that more to accommodate the client.
James Dimon: Yes, 3 completely different things. So obviously, our operating leverage has gone worse because of regulation, the Durbin, et cetera. That's a fact. That's number one. Number two, we opened branches and I said we're modifying that because a lot of these changes do affect branch profitability. But to the extent that we could open a branch and get a very good return, we're going to continue to do it. Remember, and a lot of this is in California, Florida, where there's a huge benefit to clustering, i.e. increasing the market share inside local markets. So we're going to modify the size of the branch, locations, the types of products and services and -- but we're going to continue to open branch. Well, we think every time you open a branch, you get a very good return. And the third one was...
James Dimon: And this is a very important thing. We have decided, you may decide differently I think we're wrong, but we have decided that the value of the deposits is more and we're not going to treat it like they're very low for the sake of our business. The vital deposits will come back and we will regret having not continued growing our business as normal. So, and the profits will go up because eventually margins will go back to more normal type of things over time. And that's a decision we made, open to comment or criticism. But as of now, unless they can prove otherwise, that's we're going to do.
James Dimon: Well, it was 11% return tangible common equity and we would like to be closer to 15%, so that's all we meant. So a big part of the difference is there's still a huge drag for mortgage. I mean you're talking about several billion dollars a year, just for mortgage alone. And that drag is going down but it's still a negative. Eventually, that will disappear.
James Dimon: Well, okay. Dividends is a small decision from capital standpoint, so that raise a little bit here, that's not going to be material. We still -- we started the dividend again, we'd like to increase a little bit every year. It's a board decision. And the stock is very cheap and particularly below tangible book value, I'd like to buy a lot back which, of course, we can't do. By the time we're allowed to buy a lot of stock back, I'm sure it's going to be much higher priced and then we may change our decision about that. So you can get a little frustration in my -- in about how we've had to do our capital buyback. But we are getting more clarity from the Fed. The Fed has asked for these stress tests. The stress test, all the banks have put in their CCAR and we are going to tell you what that is when we get it back. So, but I'm not going to change the statement I made at the Goldman conference, which was, we hoped to be able to do a little more than we did in 2011.
James Dimon: No, no, no, they're unrelated. It's just that the deposit-related fees were up a little bit. Don't look at it as offset to Durbin.
James Dimon: No, just so you know, most banks I know have already put themselves on a liquidity stress test. And so that you should do. I mean, that's just a normal course of thing. It's just that they're going to get more involved in how it's designed and stuff like that. And we believe that we should be able to handle a lot of stress in liquidity. I think it's...
James Dimon: So the LCR, you guys have all seen this, has huge amount of detail behind them, and we're in favor of good detail. And it got a lot of comments. Why are Ginnie Maes at a 15% discount? How come equities aren't in there? How come gold isn't in there? How come, for liquid assets? And they've got a lot of comments, is the drawdown on deposits just too high? And millions of comments. But they've acknowledged some of those comments. Let them come back and when we get the final stuff, we'll tell you.
James Dimon: Some of this stuff in this LCR was absurd, okay? So hopefully, they'll be responsive at least to the absurd parts.
James Dimon: I don't know yet. But, Guy, I don't think it's going to be material to us any which way. But there's really, if we have to make some adjustments, we will make some adjustments.
James Dimon: It's very simple, okay? You see the numbers, they moderated and maybe they'll be a little bit prudent going forward and it made us change our mind, as we kind of said, we had to. I would have left the reserves up, if it was solely up to me.
James Dimon: Look, that's another question. I'd like having a -- look, eventually, we have a $9 billion reserves we don't need, okay? So until we get through all of this, I'm sure we'll just [ph] add them up. But basically, the numbers have gone too good over time to leave up that amount of reserves under current accounting. There's going to be a change in accounting. But that's not -- we'll worry about that when we get there.
James Dimon: But one of the things in this stress test, not just for us but for a lot of banks is, the portfolios are smaller, they've got a lot of more reserves up and a lot of the bad stuff has run through, so loss rates won't go up as much, I'm talking about in the real stress tests, and you won't need to add as much to reserves, from where we were a couple of years ago.
James Dimon: By the way, I just got a note that one of the newspapers out there thinks that we haven't done a full disclosure on Europe. The reason we didn't add our European business, it's pretty much like it was last quarter, not much has changed, so if anyone's interested.
James Dimon: You're confusing 2 things. The GSE putbacks number, that's the $350 million that we had, those numbers are basically timing differences. It was like $3 billion of reserves, we don't expect a real change in that. And some of that, there were pieces of that, that was settled relating to WaMu. I forgot which one, it was Fannie or Freddie.
James Dimon: If I wanted to give you quite a number yet, but it won't -- it may not be 9%, but it will be 8.5% or something like that. We're going to make a lot of progress towards getting to the 9.5%. And my guess is it will be at the 9%. And we can get to 9% here right away. It wouldn't be that hard to do, we're happy to do it. And it won't be -- I don't think it would be good policy that's helping in economic recovery, then my guess is we will be at 9.5% by the end of 2013.
James Dimon: No. I think we already disclosed a lot of what they, what the SEC said people are going to disclose, right? There's very little add. So for us, it's not a lot different than what we showed. I think other people didn't show that kind of detail, you're going to get more detail.
James Dimon: We're not building Asia for next quarter. So we'll cover a lot of clients and the buyers will go up or down. And we've built there, we've opened branches there, we're building the global core bank there, we're covering more clients there. That's going to continue. The volumes themselves will be volatile.
James Dimon: It's exactly I said in the third quarter. There's a page and you go get them at presentation I made at Goldman that it's about 175 branches. And we're looking at things like size and technology and locations, but we're still going to be opening branches, particularly in California and Florida, we need more share. There's nothing mystical about it. Just we have to adjust it. Some of the regulatory changes made certain branches less profitable, et cetera, that's all.
James Dimon: No. First of all, we have to get rid of the too-big-to-fail things. Because I think companies have be allowed to fail and, therefore, I think we need to help show people that resolution is real. And so you're going to see us be making a little bit of effort in that, but how can you dismantle a big bank in a way it doesn't damage the taxpayer or the economy in any material way. We are still under the 10% cap. Look, I think there probably be a political firestorm if we try to buy someone in the United States. I mean, if we feel it's really, really good for shareholders, we'd want to do it and we'd be willing to have [indiscernible] among our place. But we need regulatory approval. So if we can't get regulatory approval, then we're not going to try. In the United States, it's still -- well, accounting to all this chatter about too big to fail, the United States is the least consolidated banking market in the world and there are still too many banks. And unfortunately, some of the -- all these regulatory things are tougher on smaller banks than on bigger banks. So you're going to see a lot of them wanting to sell or merge.
James Dimon: I think in Credit Card, we're near the end of reserve release, if that's what you're referring to. Credit's very good and I mean, I hope it will stay good and they get a little better. But I think we're near the end. In terms of mortgage, I think we already mentioned that the $9 billion, one day, you won't need all that. But you need more, far more improvement in charge-offs, delinquencies, all that before that reserve will come down.
James Dimon: Yes. But we're in a kind of close steady state now in most Wholesale areas. Strong reserve but steady state. And to grow, you're going to have a little build, yes. All things being equal, which they're not, but yes.
James Dimon: The net CVA was very small. So at steady-state, that line called Credit Portfolio would be a couple of million dollar positive. But of course, if you look at it, it bounces all over the place because of CVA and DVA effects.
James Dimon: Not much, there's a little bit. There are a lot of things in there, okay? Home prices, paydown rates, how we look at, what kind of required returns we need on the MSR itself, the option-adjusted return. So there are large model updates with a lot of pluses and minuses.
James Dimon: Well, what I've seen, not really, okay? There've been more announcements than actions. And today, I guess, that was RBS who said M&A in equity is going to stay in fixed income. So we haven't really seen it. Maybe -- if I went, walk through, ask the traders, they might have seen a little bit. But eventually, there will be some people exiting some of the things and those who remain will probably pick up a little share because of it.
James Dimon: Yes. I guess my point is, I think a lot of people want to get passed all this and go back to -- look, we always have stress test in liquidity and stuff like that when the rules are known. We should be sure guessing about what we're going to retain in capital and how fast you want to get there and what the requirements are, what the phase-in is. So all that uncertainties should be eliminated. Here are the rules that banks have lived by, that's all.
James Dimon: Unrelated, okay? So it's still imminent. It'd be nice to get it done, but there's still open issues and we've been working mightily to try to get it done, but I think it would be better. I think it will be good for the mortgage markets to move up. I think that anything than can get resolved is better for the mortgage markets, and but it has nothing to do with the reserves. And though it will affect numbers, you have to account for whatever the agreement is and we've already done some of that, so there'll be some adjustments because of that, but it won't really affect reserves that much.
James Dimon: I don't -- look, if it were up to me, okay, I think that someone in authority should convene all the people involved in the mortgage businesses and -- because this could be fixed. It's 3 years after the crisis, virtually no RMBS, we don't know the scheme of the rule -- in rule games, foreclosure being held up everywhere, just damaging the economy. I mean, you can blame the banks for most of that, it's okay. These things can be fixed. We have much more mortgage markets and underwriting is still tight. I think underwriting probably will loosen over time and it's tight for a whole bunch of different reasons. And obviously GSE policy is critical, as we talked to and all these things. But there's no really in-charge of all of this. It's just kind of sitting there.
James Dimon: Right. If someone's going to hold that together and make some good decisions, I think you'd have a much more rapid recovery in housing.
James Dimon: Let me answer your confusion here a second, okay? We're running Basel I, Basel II, Basel 2.5 and Basel III. Remember, the European banks early on in effect of Basel 2.5. So they just have to go from 2.5 to 3, where the American banks had to go from 1 to 3. And so when they say it has to get to 9%, it's not Tier 1 Common, it's Tier 1 Core, which is slightly different, by June of 2012, that's an accelerated, getting there already. And they've already got, I'd say most of Basel III in there, maybe a little longer than that. But I think most of Basel III is already incorporated in Basel 2.5. So it's put a lot of pressure on these banks in Europe who, look, I think in the past, have allowed too much unsecured funding but they operate under that scheme for a long time sanctioned by the states. And this is why I'd say it's completely pro-cyclical what is being caused in Europe right now. And so will it change? I don't know. Will that change what American regulators want to do? I don't think so.
James Dimon: Yes, but I'm going to leave that to them. We've got to run our business here and I do think it causes a lot of confusion. If you speak to banks in Europe, okay, they are, they may think a lot get done now, they're most pro-cyclical and they think some of this stuff is silly. But I -- let them tell you what they need to do about it.
James Dimon: I just mentioned our Europe, by the way, because like I said, I was in Berlin yesterday that it's quite clear when you speak to like the ECB and they did the 3-year funding, why aren't banks making loans and buying sovereign debt. So it's got a huge arbitrage where you can earn 4%, 5%, 6%, in financial, 1%. Yet, if you ask the banks, they're saying, I can't buy sovereign debt because I'm already being criticized heavily by other regulators about my sovereign debt, my exposure. I got to get all these numbers down. So over there, it's quite clear that regulatory policy, government policy, Central Bank policy, it's not coordinated and it's making the situation worse, not better.
James Dimon: Basically, no one is in-charge of the global financial system. I mean, if you look to the inconsistencies and the counter-cyclical things we're doing, the process, it's crazy. It's not the way to get a recovery going. And I don't expect it to change by the way, so that we can run our business as best as we can.
James Dimon: Look, I've been very consistent. I think we'll shoot ourselves in the foot everywhere around the world. And I don't know how to say it, I'd say it 100 times. I'm not complaining. JPMorgan will be fine. But that's what we're doing. No one is really in charge in putting these things together and realizing what the negative effect it's causing. We can get through it all just because it's going to take -- it's going to make it more painful to swallow. No one job, this is not job creating.
James Dimon: I think we put a slide out somewhere else that should show what will remain. So it will come down quite a bit but not all the way.
James Dimon: Well, the CCAR is what will allow us, we're going to be told what we can buy back in terms of stock or not. We've applied. So we're going to response in March 15. So you'll know on March 15 what we know, to get what's opened.
James Dimon: Please, don't say that. I'm not mad [ph] some of the regulators, more of the inconsistent policy to certain regulatory policies, certain government policy and the so-called objective to get the economies of the world going again. Those are inconsistent. You guys should write about that. So they are inconsistent and it's too bad.
James Dimon: Look, I don't know. Look, everyone wants to get the mortgage market healthier, and I think the Fed in that white paper also showed that costs are higher than they should be, the mortgage costs. If you reduce the mortgage costs, it spreads over 10 years and stuff like that could be, I've got the number 30 or 40 basis points cheaper and I agree with them. It's not going to happen, if you can't foreclose on homes, it's not going to happen if you don't have RMBS. So it's more of a -- you need a holistic approach to get it all done. So I'm not -- and I think the Fed is right that there should be a holistic approach and we put in the press release that we put up 1.2 million mortgage modifications, okay? And that we've actually completed 400,000, and that we're making 765,000 mortgages a year. So with all due respect, we're making mortgages all day long, which sounds that [ph] GSEs, we want to be in the business and the servicing side, mistakes were made, they're being fixed, we're paying for them and we should. I'm not -- we should pay for the mistakes we made. But let's keep the mortgage market active. I mean, we did see Ally say, they're not going to do mortgages in Massachusetts any more because of certain litigation there and stuff like that, that's not a good thing.
James Dimon: But I also don't agree with some of that principal forgiveness would be, end all to be all, okay? There are 75 million homes, 25 million don't have mortgages. Of the 45 million still with mortgages, 4 million more of those mortgages are having problems. And we're working through those. Those who can't afford to stay in their home, the loans in effect could be written off and forgiven, okay? And millions of mods are being offered. All the banks do as aggressive as they can, and all the key [ph] banks are geared up trying to handle just the raw amount of defaults and stuff like that. We support HARP 1, we support HARP 2, we supported HAMP and we're doing our own mortgage modification on top of that, right? I think -- I mean, we want to see a recovery in the housing markets. We will do anything we can to get a recovery in the housing markets.
James Dimon: Look, I don't remember the commentary that came after. I think some of the things in white paper were interesting. If I was the powers that be, I've already said this, I would convene all the people involved in the business, I will close the door, I'd stay there until we resolve a bunch of these issues, so we could have a more healthy mortgage market. I think if you had RMBS, if you finish scheming the game, if you changed reps and warranties, if we made -- if we figure out how you deal with seconds and firsts, you could fix all this if someone was in charge. No one is in charge.
James Dimon: Look, I don't know. When the board -- look, when we started them, I'm very consistent that we hope to do a little bit of increase every year, that's what we hope to do. When the board talks about it, they're going to decide what that number is. I don't think it's that critical to our company. You're talking about small numbers relative to all these other things.
James Dimon: It's normal modeling, it's nothing special. It's normal modeling that was expected of the Basel III but we just haven't built yet.
James Dimon: No. We will then we will actively do stuff, too. Believe me, we'll very actively do stuff. It's just not...
Betsy Graseck: A couple of questions. One, on the IB, can we just talk a little bit about how you're thinking about bidding for some of the assets that might be coming out of Europe? I guess I'm trying to understand where you're most interested in adding to your footprint.
Betsy Graseck: Last quarter, you talked on the conference call about the fact that capital weren't really that clear. They obviously became a little bit clearer between in and out in that.
Betsy Graseck: Right. So that's tied to transaction volume in housing and how you get down, bringing down your OREO and the delinquencies. So my last question just has to do with the outlook for home prices and transactions. And I'm just ask -- I mean, I know the question already asked but I wanted to ask, in conjunction to the PCI impairment that you talked and the reduction in the portfolio there.
Edward R. Najarian: We've talked little bit about some of the potential impact or the strong loan growth impact that you've gotten from some of the euro de-leveraging. But I guess I was just looking at the very strong commercial loan growth, Wholesale loan growth, and trying to get some idea of how much of that was coming, excluding any euro impact, just from core customers, either using more on working capital lines or investing in capital expenditures and what your outlook for that continuing.
Edward R. Najarian: So it sounds like you see a lot of momentum there, just on the core commercial side continuing this year.
Edward R. Najarian: Nevertheless, you're saying -- maybe you're gaining share in terms of lines of credit, but you're saying you're not seeing an uptick in utilization on the lines of credit.
Edward R. Najarian: And that's not any sort of just 1 quarter bounce back or 2 quarter bounce back kind of thing? You might decelerate a little bit I guess, but it's something that you feel pretty good about commercial banking as well.
Guy Moszkowski: I think I picked up when you were talking about RFS that you had some offset from the Durbin impact from increased deposit-related fees. Can you give us a little bit more color on...
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. Okay. I wanted to ask a little bit about liquidity coverage and the ratios. The Fed has indicated that the U.S. banks are going to have to undergo a liquidity stress test on a regular basis. You've mentioned that you're concerned...
Guy Moszkowski: Fair enough. I mean, it's that you've mentioned when looking at the Basel liquidity rules that have been proposed, that it bothers you that they don't credit some of the advantages that U.S. banks have like, the guarantees on agency securities and the access to the Fed window. And I was just wondering if you believe that you've been hurt on those things, that the Fed will take those things appropriately into account.
Guy Moszkowski: So the fact that you mentioned that you deployed liquidity during the quarter and that was one of the things that helped with the net interest margin, that's not that you're feeling more comfortable with this or what the Fed is saying. It's just that to. . .
Guy Moszkowski: Fair enough. The final question that I have is on the noncredit impaired portfolio and the reserve release there. In the mortgage delinquency trends that we can see, did continue to improve, but it seems like the improvement is kind of at a moderating pace. So I was hoping maybe you could give us a little bit more color on what drove the decision to release? And I guess sort of a longer-term question would be, how to think about. . .
Matthew H. Burnell: Jamie, I just wanted to follow up on the comment I thought you made in terms of capital, in terms of perhaps not aggressively trying to move towards the 9% Basel III number by the end of 2012. Is that. . .
Matthew H. Burnell: I'm just wondering if your, if what you said before focused on maybe not trying to aggressively reach that 9% Basel III Tier 1 Common number by the end of this year.
Matthew H. Burnell: Okay, that's fair. And then just following up on your comment on the no material change in your European exposures. I'm just curious if you have any thoughts on some of the commentary that, that the regulators have made about potentially seeking greater clarity across the U.S. banks in terms of their disclosure and whether or not that might change some of the disclosure that comes out of the regulators as well.
Christopher Wheeler: It's Chris Wheeler from Mediobanca here. A question on risk-weighted assets, on the Basel III if I might. I think if I remember rightly, you were talking about uplift of about $180 billion from Basel I to Basel III. Out of that $180 billion, I wondered if you could give me some flavor as to -- of actual mitigation, sorry. How much of that mitigation has already been achieved? Because obviously we can't see that given you're still reporting on Basel I. Perhaps a flavor for what the nominal asset value is behind that. And then also perhaps what timetable you set yourselves in terms of running that off as you move towards obviously getting there sooner rather than later. And then finally, perhaps how much of that is going to be active and how much of that is going to be passive mitigation.
Christopher Wheeler: But sorry, I'm getting a bit confused here. You're saying $300 billion of uplift is your expectation.
Christopher Wheeler: What is the -- give me a rough idea what the number behind that because that's one of the sleeking factors here, you touched on that earlier.
Christopher Wheeler: The nominal behind that $100 billion of runoff of risk-weighted assets as you were talking earlier about 1,000% uplift, so some of the RWAs or some of the assets you were looking at earlier. I wondered what the nominal was behind that $100 billion of mitigation.
