Marianne Lake: So Glenn, if you just -- so that I can give you the underlying core growth number for the firm. So the quarter was 4% year-on-year, even though obviously as you take into consideration the runoff portfolios and mortgage and cards, we were closer to flat. In C&I, you’re right, the industry was up slightly, we were not. It’s a continuation of the things we talked about which is a combination of current selection of being very disciplined on credit, so not chasing growth at the cost of liberal credit structures and overly aggressive pricing, and also the fact that we continue to see some of our criticized and classified loans be refinanced away from us. So, we are just going to hold the line on discipline. We are seeing the ongoing aggressive investing environment on both credit terms and pricing, and we will do every rational and sensible deal we can do but we are not going to chase growth at the expense of discipline.
Marianne Lake: And Glenn I just want to make sure that it was clear in my remarks that the impact of the new proposal to leverage is included in the reported results.
Marianne Lake: So with LCR and whether you take the Basel or the U.S. proposals, we are compliant at this point with the margin and importantly we will stick with our own internal framework. So we feel good about LCR, we are continuing to manage it as you would expect. Yes, I am expecting us to get long-term debt rules this year, but I don’t know when and I can’t control it. We feel with over 19% available resources that we’re in a good starting position and so we’re not really going to be in a business of guessing where that ends up, will just accordingly if it’s different from our expectations.
Marianne Lake: So given that we did some restructuring of bank level capital, including downstreaming, that was a fairly sizeable increase in the quarter, so you are not going to see progress be linear, but there are a number of different levers that we have in our toolkit so to speak to get to 6% over time. Whether that this year or whether that into next year we are going to be measured about the progress. So whether that’s retaining earnings, potentially additional capital, we’ve been auctioning leverage actions both deposits as well as derivatives actions. And then ultimately there is also the good guy when it comes, timing dependent upon maybe a 2015 thing hopefully moving from same to the newly named FACCR calculations, the derivatives central future exposure. We did take a look at the information on FACCR and it hasn’t changed our point of view that we would expect that to have a favorable impact for the bank of 40 basis points plus or minus. So when that comes that will be a nice boost not through retaining earnings and the leverage actions we have and potentially more capital optimizations. We have clear path of 6% whether it’s this year earnings, 2015.
Marianne Lake: Yes. I would say it’s fair to assume our core margin should be relatively stable throughout the year and I think plus or minus 2 basis points on a -- not balance sheet like us, we would make changes, it’s relatively stable. So our expectation is the core NIM to be relatively stable in 2014, to be stable to slightly positive in 2015 assuming that the implied rate cut stays out the way it is.
Marianne Lake: So it’s a combination of factors, we are seeing delinquency trends and rate charge-offs flatten out. We knew that it would happen one day. That’s what we’re seeing at the moment. We will continue to what they do through the course of the year. Based up on that, we are not expecting anymore results. In addition, you should know that we thought our outstandings were flat and underneath that our core portfolio is growing. We still do believe we are at our inflection point and that we should see some growth, but it will be relatively modest.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. So the sales volume obviously seasonally goes down quarter-over-quarter. I don’t think that we have perceived there’s been a significant impact from weather on card sales in the first quarter. For us, our sales were up 10% year-over-year, so pretty strong. No, I wouldn’t attribute anything to the weather.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. So you saw -- I mean, obviously you saw in the first quarter on the back of lower revenues in the markets business. We have lower compensation as an absolute matter that the ratio is relatively in line. So you’re absolutely right depending upon, excuse me -- how the rest of the year pans out will determine whether the compensation expenses inherit in our outlook for CIB are up or down or flat and that will adjust our ending results. And we’re not ready yet to declare a position on the whole year, so less than $59 billion is still our guidance but we intend to be very, very decedent.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. So, on the timing, I mentioned the fact that we aren’t expecting a capital accretion to 10% plus to be linear. We’re expecting it to be much more in the second half of the year, flatter in the first half. So it’s reasonable to expect that we will be covering employee issuance plus or minus in the first half of the year with most of our repurchase capacity being available for us in the second half. As to how much of that we will use, it will be a number of factors including obviously our share price at the time. But we do intend to take advantage of the opportunity that we’ve being given to buyback and we’ll see what the absolute level is when we get there.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. That sounds really wise. So when we declared Investor Day that we’d increase target rate, so that business we pushed that down into the valuation of the asset one time.
Marianne Lake: Three things, there is a little bit of timing in there and so far as we did make continued improvement in expenses and we’re going to continue to work on what we would characterize as that is sort of fixed cost base. It’s definitely the case that we are building this business for the long run and so we continue to invest in technology and operations that may cause more profitable and efficient through the cycle. But it is also the case that is an incredibly small market. I mean, the market size was sub $250 billion, so annualized sub a trillion dollars, which is not something we’ve seen in since before 2000. So the reality is in the market of that size, is very hard to have strong profitability or possibility when you have to have a core level of fixed expenses. And so we’re thinking about this business over the longer run to be as efficient and profitable as possible through the cycle in markets that are on average bigger than this.
Marianne Lake: Yes, I would say lower issuance was a factor with our M&A. So I wouldn’t say that it was a single driving factor, lower on mortgage issuance, lowest debt issuance. There was a whole bunch of different things. And then as to catalyst, more volatility, more growth and we just wait and see.
Marianne Lake: Similar to the mortgage comment, where it’s a long-term view, it will affect the business and this is one quarter so.
Marianne Lake: So we’ve reflected any of -- obviously we looked at the bid and valuation in any of the difference versus booked in our P&L and is insignificant. And we are engaged in ongoing relationship with the buyer and we’ll realize P&L over time but does not expect to see anything significant.
Marianne Lake: The sensitivity is different in the bank and the holding company. So its more like 30 plus or minus at the holding companies, 40 plus or minus at the bank.
Marianne Lake: So with respect to the headcount reduction in the first quarter, the severance wasn’t significant and benefit is largely in. Remember we said that overall the firm is expecting that the headcount goes down by about 5000 for the full year and it’s down only by 2000. So possibly we have another way to go.
Marianne Lake: So if you think about it gross, mortgage was 6000 of that total gross and its 3000, and so another 3000 ago. I would say in the nearer or longer term. And in the consumer bank that was 2000 with 1500 and remainder will just happen three times.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. I will give you sort of very short quantitative answer and then if you want to really go dig in, I’ll do offline with the Investor Relations, but a very short answer is, as an additional ability to recognize collateral and netting that wasn’t in the original fee and calculations, but lots and lots of other complexity to it. We are doing our best estimate though we haven’t fully built the models to do it, so we are continuing to work on that but if you want to get into very technical discussion on it we can arrange that for you.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So a couple of things, first is that, if you remember from Investor Day, notwithstanding that, earlier comment about the volatility potentially in compensation in the market businesses. We said we would be below $59 billion and there were four principal I think driving that. So in our favor, we had efficiencies, in bunch of the efficiencies in CIB and mainly mortgage down about a $1.5 billion year-over-year and against that we had the billion dollars incremental cost of control and some gross principally in asset management. So the net of all of those meant that we were effectively self-funding through efficiency and reduce mortgage expenses, the incremental cost and control we are seeing come true. It is in the case that we have broken out as a macro matter, how much of that $1 billion is on our run-rate now and maybe we’ll do that for you next quarter. I would say that, we are adding heads and so these things do take some time even though I believe that there will be a chunk in our run-rate through the middle of the year if not all in our run-rate yet.
Marianne Lake: I’ll ask to confirm to you in the next quarter, but I would say that we have a majority of it through the mid-year because we are, obviously, trying to hire up to be able to execute on the agenda. So if you think about the impact with, trying to add people to compliance, we are adding people to compliance, to legal, to audit, to finance, to risk and we are doing that largely in the first half of the year but that will be a time.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. So, I mean, it’s -- as you know it’s very, very difficult to decouple everything, but and so it’s not clear that there is no impact but it’s not our sense that it was a significant driver of the performance in the quarter and there is a limited amount of volume on SEF right now albeit increasing and there has been margin compression but from tight margins start with, so it’s not our sense that it was a significant driver enough to say that there was no impact.
Marianne Lake: That's right. So, I mean, again not to say that there hasn’t been any but the volume is relatively low, they are being relatively tight, the $1 billion we talked about which is by the way our best estimate, so it could be better than that is something that we are progressed through times it is not going to be a cliff.
Marianne Lake: So the best guidance there I can give you is the guidance that we gave at Investor Day which is expect the firm-wide charge-off to be at around $5 billion plus or minus and then I would point you to the guidance we just gave you on reserve releases which is expect some really mortgage but not it, expect we might have some PTI but it’s too early to know and little more in cost, so net those two down.
Marianne Lake: So our production revenues this quarter and just to make sure, we are talking about the same thing was just about $300 million. I told you that we are expecting second quarter to be negative. You are going to have higher revenues because seasonally you have higher volumes, but obviously its market depends. So I would say given seasonality, the first quarter was small and volumes were depressed given the whether we will be hopeful that the market would be above the $1 trillion for the full year, maybe not as high as $1.2 trillion, so if you add seasonality back in and gross up the number you probably get quite close. But, of course, it could all change depending upon rates in the market.
Marianne Lake: I mean the current outlook for the market size, it was about $1.2 trillion, I suspect that will be revised down slightly on the back of the first quarter. So we are going to have a small market and it’s going to be actually linear.
Marianne Lake: Year-over-year revenues for asset management and institutional, no specific, we have some -- March was not strong, the first quarter so institutional was not as strong as the other segments, so no specific issues but there is some lumpiness there obviously.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. The securities, that line listen is a some funky features also fact that in our prime services business when we -- our contractual income is LIBOR minus the spreads which drives that to be a negative number. I wouldn’t lead too much into the trend and volatility there, the absolute economics of the business is still positive and the offset is in trading liability, so that’s not a line item in its own right and alone that is very conservative.
Marianne Lake: And then we don’t fill into every $50 million negative non-recurring item but there were some of them too.
Marianne Lake: Nothing else of any noteworthiness, I mean, obviously, it’s going to be impacted by the absolute level of pre-tax, the percentage of overseas income, the percentage of tax efficient income, but nothing special.
Marianne Lake: I mean, we haven’t really changed our guidance, to be fair, our guidance is almost to be negative for the year we are just trying to be very specific about the degree of negative in the second quarter to make sure you have inflation to your model.
Marianne Lake: So, obviously, the timing of sales is going to be a little bit opportunistic, so the best comment I can make is that $600 million number is two, three years away from now, not necessarily but we will try and manage it the best way we can. And then with respect to the ability to settled sub-service, I mean, there is still the opportunity to do it. It is just not necessarily the case that you can defeat your risk entirely which I think is understood.
Marianne Lake: Well, I mean, in so far, as I think that, as we move loan to sub-services, obviously, we retained the risk and have to have third-party advise to the degree we sell them, I think, regulators are potentially looking at originators to continue to there from the origination of other risk.
Marianne Lake: And I think, you think about credit is available across the LTV spectrum but the bars to be able to document income and improve ability to repay and to amortize.
Marianne Lake: So, it’s still understood that we were going to have certain of our models that need this additional work to be acceptable by the regulator of Basel III when we gave the guidance at Investor Day. So as a large matter as you say here today that’s still our best understanding of how things will workout absent there being any news or issues during the year.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. I mean, the whole industry submitted a huge number of models under Basel 2.5 the regulators to review at the beginning of 2013 and we had an approval to use and for the year while they were being reviewed and pending after the review, we’ve got some feedback and we are going to remediate the models and resubmit those approval, it will take us time but it is timing.
Marianne Lake: From the sense, as you know, we have been investing and building our branch to the place it is know where we are happy with the distribution capability we have, because that was driving a lot of the investment. In 2014, we continue to invest in quarterly and the cost to serve an efficiency, so that we can driven the ratios down. We guided at Investor Day to expect expenses in the business to be up 1%, so a little but not kind of increase that we can say lot of which you should expect to start to come down and we said that the overall CCB fees including mortgage would be down $3 billion by 2015 over 2014 and the chunk of that is in CBB. So we’re very focused on it and investing in fact in the technology and processes to be able to be efficient. We’ve started to see the increased term as we stopped having to invest in branches because we are happy with the distribution and it will start to come down next year.
Marianne Lake: So everything that I spoke about in terms of the expenses going down is dollar on a dollar basis and not an efficiency ratio basis. So we’re absolutely expecting dollars to come down after 2014 in the business. With respect to the new branches, I mean, we said that a third of our branches are less than 10 years and about 11% less than three years. Also we had a lot of branches in the deposit gathering base and deposit margins are relatively flat. So at the moment we reached the point where the volume is out is providing support to NII but not strong growth until we start to see rate continue to rise and be able to reinvest up the curve as deposit investments mature.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So as much as I would love to be able to take a quarter, that looks like this and say we could expect more of the same. The reality is we still have issues open in front of us. We still have large reserve and we still are working through them. So we’ve been cleared of what we can’t predict. Legal expenses, we do expect them to be lumpy and for every zero or close to zero a quarter we could have a quarter that has several hundred million dollars or more albeit that it should trend down on a basis something much lower at the time. So I don’t think you can read into it. That we’ve done with working through issues which we obviously glad to have some of them behind us and some of them bigger and most difficult ones.
Marianne Lake: So it’s a little bit -- we don’t where half the market’s revenues will go obviously and if they stay low or we expect to pass that down to the bottom line. It’s also a little bit of there are some times positive and some times negative surprises and issues in expenses and this time, it would be another quarter. So there is a little bit of cautiousness in that. We are going to obviously do everything we can to outperform that.
Marianne Lake: So most of the improvement in this quarter was associated with the ability for us to net variation margin on derivatives across currencies as allowed by contracts rather than having to only net in the currency of the underlying transaction, so that was obviously sensible that you should be allowed from a margin across allowable currencies but that was not the provision of the Basel Committees’. The U.S. proposal changed that and that’s favorable, that’s driving most of it. There are other things up-down, competitive, technical things but not big numbers.
Marianne Lake: I have an answer to your other question, I apologize for not having it off of my head. In the first quarter of last year in non-interest revenue and costs, we had a one-time exit over non-core products. So, I think if you go back and dig out that transcript or have a look at the supplement there that was actually a one-time item. So if we adjust for that, we would have been up most only.
Jamie Dimon: I think very broadly if you look at the numbers, yes, we pushed down our capital leverage SLR to all the businesses that are all making adjustments as appropriate. In the rates business in particular, we’ve seen there is very few what I call exotic rates products being done anymore, so it would be a rather large change. A lot of things going electronic which can reduce your expenses too, so we are pretty comfortable what rate business will be -- will be normal profitability going forward. It may take a little bit of time.
Jamie Dimon: A little bit, yeah. We don’t know what’s going to happen to spreads going forward, so we are comfortable we want to stay in the business. We do a good job at it with our clients.
Jamie Dimon: I think John, we always have been very consistent on this kind of thing. You guys kind of make your own estimates because they are just as good as ours. Great business with great people, technology, sales, research but we can’t predict it going forward.
Jamie Dimon: So it did come down a little bit, there is kind of back to where it was, due to trading and we wouldn’t blame that for that anything.
Jamie Dimon: No. It’s almost impossible to tell, but there are, if you are jumbo you get loan, if you are GSE you get loans, but almost all the other stuff in between, anything with any hereon it like you had a credit problem, if you are earning self-report income. So a lot of people have overlaid, it being tougher than it required the FHA, GSE or the own rules because the reps and warranties, et cetera, and I don’t know when that’s going to go away. It’s not getting worse. It’s just kind of sitting there and probably holding back a little bit the purchase market.
Jamie Dimon: We are firmly supportive of having profit and good markets for everybody. And we think we have pretty good policies and protocols in place so. But I don’t know what it will do to our issues in market structure with some pools, et cetera. We will just have to look at that review take place. I should point out in Michael Lewis' book which I did not read, on Page 231, they talk us as one of the good guys 
Jamie Dimon: The underlying numbers are terrific, customer satisfaction, deposits, households, mobile, Chase Wealth Management, small business et cetera but they are being squeezed by NII interest rates. And we’ve always told you we are going to go for the one run which is that we will cover one day and you will see spreads grow up in this business and we are not happy if that happens. We are not going to -- not grow deposits because of that. And that will also affect obviously efficiency ratio.
Jamie Dimon: If you look at the customer flows, in every single business, they are very good and customers stats scores are up, investments are up, assets under management are up. Our market shares are up in credit card, consumer, deposits, that sounds very good. So I would completely separate out this litigation stuff. And Marianne, you all have averaged your own estimate for litigation I think are $500 million a quarter.
Jamie Dimon: Make believe I’m going to use your number, nobody else’s. It’s not going to be 500, consistent, it is going to be zero, something else, zero to 50, that’s what it is until it goes away. It’s not going to affect the underlying business. And as you know, we also have one-time benefits from stuff we don’t anticipate to.
Jamie Dimon: So there are certain things which were secular. People gotten out of -- I'm not talking about as per se, but people gotten out of or reduced dramatically credit hybrids, certain exotic derivatives, et cetera. I think there maybe additional secular change but it’s not the whole business. So the way I look at the whole business is we have a 120 trading desks around the world, we have 16,000 clients. And if you look at the fuel of the business, the fuel of the business is investable assets in need of people to invest those, whether it is corporations, individual, et cetera, those numbers will double over 10 years. They are going to triple in the emerging and developing markets and spreads themselves have been coming down fairly consistently for 20 years and that’s called capitalism that you are officially using capital. And so I look at as a long-term business. It will be a good business. Shares are going to change. There will be a whole bunch of adjustments. As you know, it can change at a dime. And so I don’t look at the $5 billion in markets revenue and cry in my soup, I think it’s pretty good business. And we’ve been very consistent in performance. The number is driven by technology, research, scales, ideas, of course, order flows and last year, we didn't even have one trading day loss, which I consider truly spectacular. So it’s a good business, it will grow over time and it will have some secular adjustment. So, I don’t know why your number being right, the 13 or 17 quarters. And I also wouldn’t go back and look at the peak, the really peak markets of ‘07 or something and I think you had something at ‘09 and so that was a standard. I think that was a little higher than normal.
Jamie Dimon: I want to mention on the credit card business, we have beta tests going of our Chase net and you are not going to see the numbers this year, but we think it’s a pretty exciting thing that we can do for merchants and customers over time.
