Marianne Lake: In the retail space, the answer is no, not really. And to be completely honest, we’ve been pretty consistent that we would not really have expected there to be much in terms of deposit re-price at absolute levels of rate that are still quite low. And so, with IOER at 100 basis points, we’re still in that sort of realm of the atmosphere. And so, we would expect that to start happening -- a couple of rate hikes from here maybe; we’ll have to wait and see. We’ve obviously never really been through exactly this before. On the other side of the equation, in the wholesale space, we are in the process of seeing reprice happen.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So, I don’t have all those numbers in front of me. I know that in the commercial bank, our exposure to mortgage is really pretty modest; it’s around about total of $3 billion in the commercial real estate base. And I would tell you that while there obviously is a lot of discussion around retail and with some merit, it’s very, case-by-case, location-by-location, specific and I kind of liken the discussion a lot to discussions we have around bricks and mortar banking businesses, which is consumer -- the way consumers engage with retailers is changing, it doesn’t mean that will stop engaging with retailers. And so, it will be very specific with respect to location and tenants, and it doesn’t necessary mean that retail is going to be in as much potential trouble as I think people are talking about. So, we remain cautiously -- watching it but we’re very cautiously optimistic that it’s not -- that it’s a bit overblown.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So, one of the things that we want to remind everybody before we talk about the trend is that the credit card losses are still at absolutely very, very low levels. And not withstanding whatever we would have done or have done or continue to do with our credit books, we would ultimately have expected them to normalize to higher rates regardless.
Marianne Lake: Yes, exactly. And obviously first quarter has some seasonality. So, I would just start by saying that the charge-off rates we’re seeing are completely in line with our expectations and guidance that we gave you at Investor Day, both in terms of 2017 being below 3% and over the medium-term between 3 and 3.25. So, all the reasons that we articulated, a combination of positive credit expansion that took place over the last couple of years and performance of those newer vintages is in line with our expectations and with high risk adjusted margins. So, it’s not really about tolerating the charge-offs, as long as we’re getting paid properly for the risk, which is the case. And obviously as we see the charge-off rates normalize and reflect those newer vintages, they will go up modestly over time. And we expanded our credit in the targeted way, but it wasn’t a significant expansion. And we will respond in our credit and risk appetite to whatever we’re seeing in the environment, but it won’t necessarily be predicated by charge-off rates.
Marianne Lake: So, I would say, if you look back over 2016 and even 2015 and 2016, it’s true and clear that we gained share, not just in fixed income, reasonable share, not just in fixed income but also in equity. And our business performed well last year. And I would suggest to you that we will defend that share, but the competition is back and healthy and you can’t expect us to continue to gain share at those kinds of levels, we want to defend it, but it’s a healthy competitive market right now. So I would say not really.
Marianne Lake: And I would also say that card continues to be a pretty competitive space. So, we will continue to try and provide our customers with significant value and have deep engaged relationships. But I don’t think we’re going to see material shift in share in the short-term.
Marianne Lake: Not specifically at this point. I think we’re very happy with the performance of the portfolio with the growth rate we are getting and our core card loans were up 9% year-over-year and was getting a lot of NII benefit from that. So I think we’re still pretty well positioned at this point.
Marianne Lake: So, I would -- obviously when we give you guidance, we give you sort of reasonably rounded numbers. So, actually the impact of [indiscernible] is a bit more than $500 million, more than was at the Investor Day, and a lot of big numbers that are pretty reasonable. Yes, there is an element of course as we talk about in the wholesale space where we are seeing reprice happen and it does reflect our estimates as to what we expect to see over the course of the year in cumulative deposit basis. And with respect to if there was a note that implies -- one and half more hike. So, it’s probably March is earlier, so longer -- a little bit more rate benefit but it’s sort of in line with our expectations. And if we had another rate hike, it would likely be later in the year and ultimately have relatively modest impact on this year but obviously be important going forward.
Marianne Lake: I think it’s important to put that in context. I mean, we did have 8% growth year-on-year in C&I, we’re just saying sequentially things are a bit quieter and there are whole bunch of reasons that could be driving that. And importantly, you mentioned it, when we are in dialogue with our clients, they are optimistic and they are thinking about growing their businesses and hiring and all of those things are true. And so putting aside those and we have access to capital market for a variety of reasons in newer bank loans. And it’s completely understandable that optimism would lead actions. And so, what that implies, we’ll wait and see but fundamentally a pro-growth series of policies will be constructive to the economy, to our clients and ultimately will end up. And them hiring, spending and they already are, and we’ll see that translate into loan growth. Whether that’s in the second half of this year, we’ll see.
Marianne Lake: And I would also say that while of course people’s dialogues include a degree of discussion around regulatory reform and tax reform and the like, it isn’t stopping the strategic dialogue and it isn’t stopping from -- or boards from considering strategic deals partly because of what you said, partly because there is a recognition that we think will take some to ultimately get finalized and really won’t put their strategic agenda on hold. So, in some ways, you get both sides of the equation; people aren’t going to wait indefinitely to get certainty on issues when there are good strategic deals that can be done and that’s part of the dialogue, do not say has not impact but it’s still quite healthy.
Marianne Lake: Maybe a little less. And I would also just say, I am glad that you brought up one point because, it’s something that I like -- a point that I’d like to make, which is when people think about the benefit we get from NII and rising rates, there is an element of people making it sound very passive. Yes, you’re correct, we did build those loans, we acquired those customers, we built in the products, we invested in the customer service and so to be able to enjoy the industry-leading deposit rates that we’re having. But I would also make -- and so as margins improved and we will obviously enjoy the benefit of that, and to your point, we invested to be able to. But I will say that if we look at the performance of our branches, every single week, month, individually together by market and the very, very, very vast majority of them, meaning there are only a handful are profitable in their own rights today at these spreads on a margin basis. So, the branches are doing very well.
Marianne Lake: I can point you to our presentation in May of 2014 where we showed exactly what we expected deposit reprice to look like based upon historical moves. And so, what we have actually we’re seeing today looks incredibly similar in terms of realized reprice. You’re actually right. I will tell you thought that history may not be a precise predicator of the future, because we’ve never really been in that exact position before, and other things play into the equation including the fact that the industry but us specifically have significantly invested in other customer service products, items like digital and the like, which will change the dynamic one way or another on reprice. So, you’re right, historically 100, 150 basis points, if there’s movement, we’ll see.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So, I will just start by saying we’ve been consistent that our operating model including the diversification of our businesses has been and was a source of strength, not just for us but also for the financial market during the crisis, and there is strength in the way the company operates that can’t be discounted. I would also say that the commentary feels unnecessary given where the industry stands on capital liquidity and regulatory reform broadly. And I know at this point, as I’m sure you al read too, most recently Governor Tarullo making comment about but historically other thought leaders in the financial stability space I’m talking about, and I would to say that it doesn’t feel, for reasons that you’ve articulated in terms of structural reform or structural change in model and things. So that would be consistent with a level playing field and pro-growth agenda in the U.S. So, that’s kind of how we feel about it. I can’t give you specific reasons to not continue to monitor the situation, but it doesn’t consistent with the rest of the objective of the administration. And with respect to Investor Day couple of years ago, lots of things have fundamental changed since then, but the ultimate conclusion hasn’t, which is that we believe that there is significantly more value for our shareholders and as I said before, for the economy with this Company the way it is today than in some other forms.
Marianne Lake: First of all, we don’t over think change of the curve or part of normalization in any one period, we think about the reason for the actions and ultimately as long as the economy is growing, you’ll see both of the front end and long end of rate ultimately go up. And even though I know that is lower when we broken down, broken below a little bit of a low bound, seeing in the kind of 230, 260 range for a while. So, we’re still within -- largely speaking within the range. And I anticipate that we are going to see the 10-year higher by the end of the year. And if you look our earnings disclosures, we’re much more sensitive to -- as a pure NII NIM matter to the front end rate. And so not to say we would not have an impact, but it would take a while for that to have an impact that would meaningfully offset any of the benefit of higher short-end rate.
Marianne Lake: I mean ultimately any actions by central banks, anything, in the shape of the yield, anything that is presenting an opportunity for client to transact and trade, there is an opportunity for all businesses. So, as long as it happens in a reasonably rational fashion, and there are no significant events, it just creates an opportunity for clients and then opportunity therefore for us.
Marianne Lake: So, well, I mean -- so, in terms of rates, obviously, the loan balances are seasonally low in the first quarter and charge-off rates are higher in the first quarter. But, overall, we’re not expecting to see abnormal patterns in our charge-offs.
Marianne Lake: So, it’s actually got somewhat less to do with our marketing strategy than it has to do with the fantastic success we’ve had with new products, Sapphire Reserve in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter of this year. So, but fundamentally, if you go back, I think to a conference that Kevin Waters spoke at last year sometime in I think September, he said look, we’re going to see the revenue rate be lower, about 10 and some for the couple of quarters, while we acquire all of these accounts. Once we’ve hit a pace, we should see middle out and 10.5 the full year of 2017. So the first quarter lower and subsequent quarters continuing to now start rising back up towards the 11.25% which was ultimate run rate target and that’s still fundamentally what we’re expecting to see, which is, we’re at -- assuming, there are expectations of what we’re going to see an account growth over the future period continues to hold, we would expect to see an increase from here in the second quarter, the overall year to be sort of finish in the mid-10s and end year 11-ish and then goes back to 11.25 over the course of next couple of years.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So, just Glenn, I think you’re still on; I’ve got a couple of numbers for you in terms of retail exposure. Our direct retail exposure in the hotel space is about $20 billion, more than 70% investment grade and more than 15% secured. And in terms of commercial real estate, about $11 billion, largely ABL, pick the right name, structural protection, all the things you talked about. So, not that it’s nothing but it’s in the context of our overall total lending portfolio. It’s not as concentrated I think as you were implying. So, if you want to call Investor Relations and that is not what you were looking at, we can try and reconcile those numbers for you. Okay. Thank you everyone.
Jamie Dimon: And you should assume that we’ve looked at not just direct retail or retail related real estate, all the vendors through any potentially sort of retailers. When you put it all together, it’s a little bit like there will be something there but it’s nothing [indiscernible].
Jamie Dimon: You are way out of line. I mean direct retail exposure, we’re very careful; retail business has always been violent and volatile. You can look back to our history and half of them are gone after 10 years that is a normal course. So, we are usually senior; we’re very careful of our debt. And when you go to real estate, most of the real estate has nothing to do with retail. So, we do have some shopping centers, malls and buildings and stuff like that. But those are generally items that well secured, not relying on single retailers et cetera.
Jamie Dimon: For merchant processing, there is a lot share you can gain and that’s not even close, because the products and services and change n technology. I think we’re way away in credit card when you say well that’s too big for JPMorgan Chase. There is a point where it’s going to be a good question, but it’s not even remotely close to this one.
Jamie Dimon: And we also look strategically at credit card, debit card, online bill pay, P-to-P is all one big thing to do a great job for clients.
Jamie Dimon: I wouldn’t overreact to the short term in our loan growth with so many that affect it. When you go to the episodic part, when you look at CIB, I don’t look at loan growth at all because companies have a choice of loans and deals or bonds and like that. Credit card looks okay, mortgage is obviously affected by interest rates, auto is obviously affected by auto sales, and middle market was okay, it was slow but it was okay. So, I wouldn’t react to that. The second thing is, you all should expect as a given that when you have a new president and he gets going that nine months, after the 100 days it’s going to be sausage making period. There will be ups and downs, wins and loss stuff like that. And what you see is a pro-growth agenda, tax infrastructure, regulatory reform and that is a good thing all things being equal. And we think that it should be helpful for Americans. To expect it to be smooth sailing, that would be silly.
Jamie Dimon: Can I just answer that? Marianne has given you guys some very specific guidance on interest rates. When interest rates got to zero, remember that when it floored, no one expected 25 to 50 basis points to necessarily be paid out. This was a cost. Marianne also gave you at Investor Day, a very forward looking view of that where it kind of normalizes. And it’s different for every different type of deposit. The wholesale deposits, commercial credit deposits, company deposits, treasury deposits, they’re all different. So, it’s hard to summarize it all. But at one point, you’re going to back to kind of a normalized spread. In terms of just retail, I would say that’s like 3%, maybe a little less.
Jamie Dimon: Another number that we gave you, you should look at, we gave you what we expect normalized margins and normalized returns to be in consumer, card only businesses. There was numbers include normalized credit card charge-offs, like the credit card, the number we now use for the quarter, something like that. And in retail going back to normal spreads, that’s what those numbers include. And of course, they all bounce around. We kind of look at the business, we price for normalized results, we don’t price for, which is overearning or underearning and you have too much credit, too little, and that’s kind of how we run the business.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. We feel great about deposit growth and the account growth. So, we have new accounts, we’re growing and existing accounts are growing. Remember, you have to be very careful because if rates were higher, people do different things with their money, like CDs and then how they view the stock market, that money -- some of that is actually in this. So, we’re always conscious of the fact that those flows ebb and flow and history is only a somewhat of a guide to that.
Jamie Dimon: I think that category out precisely because it didn’t take legislation and it was very important. And my point isn’t about banks versus non-banks. My point is about the United States of America and what these things did to the availability of credit to certain class of people. I was very specific, we actually published a research report in mortgage land, which you can go get by Mr. Joseph that really breaks it out. But because of the cost of servicing delinquent accounts, $2,000 a year, because of the additional cost of origination, because of the potential litigation, because of the not clarity around the QM, because of the forward claims that the consumers both pay more and the credit box is wider. And then, we actually believe that credit box is hurting first time buyers, younger, self employed, prior defaults. So, when defaults happen, they deserve a second change. So, the policy has restricted that. And the shocking thing to me is the absolute size of that which we think could be 3 to $500 billion a year. That one thing alone could edit -- if you think about second stagnations, could have been 0.3 or 0.4% a year growth, changed five years ago, you’re talking about a lot of growth, a lot of jobs, a lot new homes, a lot of young families into homes and very positive, not taking a lot of extra risk, not -- it was about America, while we are executing less of the banks to non-banks. That’s my point about that’s how it’s hurting growth of America and hurting that class of citizens. And I really think somebody should be right about that, that’s how important it is. That was one example.
Jamie Dimon: It always keep in mind that why they do something probably is more important than what they do. So, if they’re doing it because the American economy is getting stronger, that is more important to be a direct effect of adding -- letting securities mature et cetera.
Jamie Dimon: Because it happens every 5 or 10 years, so why would anyone be surprised? And we’ve always been very conscious of this and very careful about how we do leases, we do it conservatively….
Jamie Dimon: [Multiple speakers] manufactures and we properly account for it, and we have loss mitigation. That’s pretty important. So, no, we’re not surprised it’s going to happen every now and then.
Jamie Dimon: I’ve been clear, I think Gary Cohn and Steve Mnuchin are doing the right thing; they want to find the right people for jobs. They are talking about our data, they are talking about lots of people, but even after they announced it, remember they need to be vetted and confirmed that could take 90 days. So, the sooner, the better, but I think getting the right people is equally important.
