Marianne Lake: So, hi, Matt. So the first thing I would say is with respect to Oil & Gas, honestly, I think $529 million is pretty close to $500 million plus or minus, so that was pretty much in line. Where you are seeing it be a little bit higher was on Metals & Mining. We're expecting close to $100 million, and there were a couple of extra downgrades that came through in the quarter, and that kind of timing is going to happen. It doesn't change the overall sort of perspective for us. With respect to draws, when I gave some sort of indicative guidance about what you might expect to see potentially in the rest of the year in terms of reserve builds, we do try to take into consideration the likelihood that we will see incremental draws. And clearly, we will work with borrowers to try and help them such that that may not be necessary and in other cases we can reduce our exposure in redetermination cases. But we will expect to see some draws and that's contemplated in our guidance. And I want to make sure that everyone understood that we tried to be very complete, so this is not just Oil & Gas and Metals & Mining. As the NAIC codes would suggest, we've looked at very closely related companies in shipping and marine transportation and the like. So we're trying to be very complete.
Marianne Lake: So of the $1.2 billion, $1 billion was a combination of Oil & Gas and Metals & Mining, so the vast majority. And outside of that, consistent with my comments on contagion, there's not any sort of thematic, other noteworthy thing to mention to you. And obviously, as we continue to watch the sort of cycle play out over the next several quarters and reevaluate some clients that may be experiencing stress, it's likely that we will see some more NPLs. But I gave you context around what we're expecting to see in terms of reserves, so they will go up, but not to numbers that I would consider to be large in the context of our wholesale portfolio.
Marianne Lake: The draws were about $1.3 billion in the quarter, so some but not excessive. And after the reserves that we put up in the first quarter, the coverage ratio is 6.3%.
Marianne Lake: It's a perfectly reasonable question. And obviously, when we look at growth in CRE or the Commercial Real Estate businesses of 18%, it's an obvious question are you doing something different? And the answer is no, we're not. We haven't changed our geographies. We haven't changed our risk appetite. It just simply indicates that we have a good process, and we are continuing to focus on our sort of core capabilities and our core risk segments. But we've been able to take advantage of the opportunity because our process is better, and to a lesser degree, but nonetheless to a degree, given that the CMBS market has been somewhat disrupted.
Marianne Lake: So, Betsy, obviously, with having only received the specific feedback less than 24 hours ago, we still have to get into the analysis phase about what it all means. I would start with your opening comments that considering our liquidity you were surprised, this doesn't appear to be a statement about the adequacy obviously of JPMorgan's liquidity, which is very significant, as you know; but it's really about how we analyze and think about that at the material legal entity level and the inter-affiliate nature of how we fund our entity. So I can't tell you with any clarity exactly what will be required as we get into the analysis. It wouldn't be my core expectation that it would require us to do a meaningful overall new liquidity action, but we have to do the work.
Marianne Lake: Again, just based on our preliminary read, I think there's going to be significant work to meet the expectations of the regulators and our plan already had us doing a lot of work around actual real simplification of legal entities and other things. So I don't know that there are going to be significant changes. It's not my primary expectation that there would be, but we do need to have a moment to go through the details.
Marianne Lake: And I would say just, again, we need to do the work and we need to figure out, obviously, what the response to that will be. But it is encouraging that some plans were found to be credible for large systemic financial institutions. And if they have been able to adequately show their preparedness, we're confident we should be able to do the same. We just need to make sure that we understand the details of what it is that we don't have in our plans today that we need to change, and we're committed to doing it.
Marianne Lake: Yes, absolutely. So I just want to – if you use the industry codes the way that you could if you weren't to expand your thinking to just what is technically considered to be an oil and gas company, you would miss out on, for example, a marine shipping company that all they do is ship oil. And therefore, their financial condition and their performance is going to be directly related to the health of the energy sector. Those companies, we have identified them specifically, they are managed within our energy risk team. They are not managed by a different team. So I was simply saying that some of the companies that we are watching and in one or two small cases that had experienced some stress, are not traditional energy companies but their condition is directly related to oil and gas.
Marianne Lake: So, and obviously not for us, I would say that it's competitive. The C&I space is very competitive. Commercial Real Estate is also competitive, but it's not irrational and we aren't seeing, or at least we are not seeing very irrational proposals on structure and risk. Meanwhile, we haven't changed our risk appetite. We haven't changed our underwriting standards. We continue to have lower LTVs and higher debt coverage ratios pretty consistently, consistent geography. So speaking for JPMorgan specifically, there has been no change in our underwriting standards. In fact, if anything since the last crisis, obviously, or the last recession, we've tightened our underwriting standards and we've moved away from some of the riskier types of that business, so homebuilders and a lot of construction loan business.
Marianne Lake: Hey, Mike. I'll start and then Jamie can add to it. So on the interest rate point, the comments are pretty consistent with what we said over time, which is we have the belief that the U.S. economy is continuing to move in the right direction, that the consumer is on solid footing and that despite the noise in the data and some of the volatility in the markets, global growth will continue, albeit at a moderate pace. And obviously, stability in the markets in March has continued to help us with that thesis. And so that coupled with the fact that the Fed themselves – while they're dovish in their narrative in the minutes and also their dots are continuing to talk about gradual increases, and the debate around negative rates is quieting. So we don't particularly run the company with a day-to-day view on what's going to happen with interest rates. We are positioned for rising rates, as you know, and have been, but we also understand what the performance of the company looks like if there are no more rate rises or when we stress our portfolios in lots of different ways. So we are positioned for rising rates. It is our central case that that will happen. The market is pricing less than one hike in this year. The Fed dots say two. Our research says two. We're just going to have to wait and see. I'll also start and then Jamie can jump in on the living wills thing. We have to take it at face value in discussions with our regulators that we need to meet their requirements, whatever they may be, all of the rules, whether it's capital, whether it's liquidity, whether it's stress testing, whether it's resolution plans. And if we do that and satisfy them, then we can continue to operate the company the way that we think is best for our clients and communities around the world. And so at this point, we need to remediate and address the issues and the feedback they've given us and resubmit a plan for assessments that we hope will be credible. And that's certainly what we will commit to do, and that's what we're focused on.
Marianne Lake: And I know it's easy to overlook the first few statements where there's an acknowledgment that progress has been made. And none of the feedback in the letter negates the significant progress across the industry on capital liquidity, stress testing. So it is consistent, but we have more work to do and we'll do it.
Marianne Lake: So obviously, we're the first to read out. And it's very difficult when you think about performance because you also have to think about the relative performance in the comparable periods and prior years and the like. So I would say that down mid-single digits adjusted for what we would consider to have been outperformance last year is really quite good performance. So I don't know that we gained share, but I certainly think we've protected share. And it may differ across the different product sets, but I think in general, we feel pretty good about our performance, and we don't know anything to the contrary.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. And then with respect to the sort of restructuring and whether that presents opportunities for us broadly defined, including in compensation for better performance, we pay for performance and we pay risk-adjusted returns, and we're not looking to try and make changes to what we've been very consistent about over time. And you can see our comp to revenue ratio of 33% (sic) [32%] this quarter is in line with the ratio in the first quarter of last year and in fact the first quarter of the year before. So lower, obviously, on lower revenues, but a fair pay for the performance. And obviously, we intend to ensure that we are competitive, but we're not going to take any direct action as a result of that in terms of the...
Marianne Lake: So on legal, I would – so the number is circa zero pre-tax. It's actually slightly positive after-tax. We did some true-ups so far, assessment on penalties. So actually, net-net about zero this quarter, which I'll take it for the quarter, but it doesn't necessarily predict the future. In terms of expenses, so we talked at Investor Day, Gordon in particular but also Daniel, that we are continuing to invest in our businesses and across the board, in fact, adding bankers and technology and digital, digitizing, et cetera. So we continue to do that across the businesses. And I mentioned in the CCB page that the net expenses, albeit down includes self-funding $200 million of incremental investments year-over-year and growth. But you did notice the head count in the Consumer Businesses is up slightly and that's a combination of the investments we're making in technology and digital; that's about 500 of the heads, and the other 1,500 is increasing part-time staffing in the branches so that we have flexibility to make sure that we have loading at the right times of day for making sure the customer experience is good. So I would characterize it all as very consistent and yes we continue to invest, and that is in part what you're seeing in the head count in CCB.
Marianne Lake: So it is our expectation across both the Consumer and the Wholesale businesses outside of energy that the credit trends will remain favorable. Credit will be relatively benign. We're not expecting to see material increases except for the fact that we're growing our loan portfolios. So when we did Investor Day we talked about charge-offs this year will go up year-on-year, and they'll go up to potentially as high as $4.75 billion, but half of that would be on the back of the fact that we're growing our portfolios. And so you will just have natural sort of BAU levels of charge-off from that and then the over half would be on energy. So we're not expecting or seeing at this point anything other than good credit quality the rest of 2016 outside of the obvious.
Marianne Lake: So, I will start by saying that as you know our regulators have extraordinary powers over a wide range of requirements for us regardless, and many ways of influencing those, and you're familiar with most of them. It is absolutely the case that as you look at the resolution process that there are provisions that talk about if a remediation is not satisfactory with or cured within a two-year period, there is a possibility that the regulators could jointly decide and may jointly decide to take other actions that could include capital or liquidity or leverage or operating model discussions. So obviously, they do have those powers, October is not that far away. We're going to do our very, very best to make sure that we put our best foot forward and remediate the issues. And then we have another submission in July of 2017. So not to suggest that we won't fully remediate to the very best of our ability, but the living will process I expect to continue to be somewhat iterative over the next several cycles, and we will continue to push ourselves to raise the bar, and I'm certain that the bar will continue to be raised on us as it should.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So we talked about the fact that if there's no change in rates and if we continue to grow our loans we'd expect our NII to go up by $2 billion. And so you're right, if you look at the run rate right now that would be relatively flat from here. I think in our favor because of the easing that's still going on around the rest of the world and the sort of dovish Fed comments there has been a lower re-price just in the industry generally, so that's in our favor but – and you know we're much more sensitive to the front-ended rate. So while we're not suggesting that the long end of the curve has no impact, it's relatively modest, so $2 billion may be a little more, the biggest driver of significantly higher NII above that guidance would be if we had another hike earlier than December.
Marianne Lake: So, I'm not going to talk specifically about the Treasury's actions other than saying that we would support fair tax reform in general. With respect to the impact on our business, either historically or going forward, it wouldn't be zero and it wouldn't be significant.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So obviously, I'm not going to be able to talk specifically about our plans that we've submitted because we just submitted them and we haven't had any feedback and they're confidential. But I will tell you that, obviously, negative rates. It was the first time this has been in the scenario. It is not the first time we have talked about it and it's not the first time that we've experienced it, at least in other parts of the world, in Europe, Japan, and elsewhere. So we have had continued discussions. We understand broadly what we think we would do and what would happen to our balance sheet. We can model it and we can effect it. So in that sense now, I mean, obviously, we'll continue to work that process through if it continues to be a feature of CCAR. You're absolutely right that year-over-year our launch point is a higher level of capital. And our balance sheet and our credit quality continues to improve, and our risk levels have not materially changed. So as a general matter, we would hope and we've also added prefs. So as a general matter, we would hope to have incremental capacity, but nothing inconsistent with what we have said externally, which is that the board would like over time to continue to have the capacity to potentially increase dividends, and that we would likely take capacity to within a reasonable range, repurchase our stock and that's the framework that we have used to submit our plan.
Marianne Lake: Retail engagement, so retail engagement picked up in March, as you would expect. We saw positive flows. We obviously saw a negative flow for the quarter in equities, that's not surprising. And then we saw positive flows, particularly in multi-asset, so we did see some reasonably healthy retail flows in the quarter, but primarily in March and somewhat offset by outflows in equities.
Marianne Lake: As luck would have it, in this quarter there is nothing one-time that you need to adjust for. Last quarter there obviously was, and so we would expect that our NIM should be stable to improving over the course of 2016, the extent to which it would improve obviously depending upon what happens in terms of gradually rising rates.
Marianne Lake: Okay, so with respect to equity capital raises, obviously to a degree that would be true, although those companies that were able to access the equity capital markets are not those that are experiencing the most stress. So obviously all other things equal, it's a positive, but I'm not necessarily thinking it's going to take significant steam or the pressure off. With respect to the second part of your question? I'm so sorry.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So no, nothing has changed in the card competitive landscape, including in co-brand. It's still very competitive, albeit that we are – we saw a little bit of deceleration in sales growth year over year last year and we've seen that trend back positively for us this year. So we feel good about that and we've been increasing our marketing spend. And as Jamie just said, we launched Freedom Unlimited quite recently. And it has been quite recent, but early feedback is very positive with respect to Freedom. We're seeing 50% increases in activity and interest. There's going to be a degree of cannibalization of other products. We would expect that, but so far so good. And we just like to give our customers choices, and it's been favorably received.
Marianne Lake: So, the Manheim is down slightly. We continue to believe and expect that it will continue to trend downwards. And so losses per unit will continue to trend upwards just given where it is today and also the amount of leased inventory that will ultimately go into the used car space over the course of the next several years. However, the fundamentals are still good. The market is still solid. We had pulled back on subprime a while ago. It's a small part of our originations. And so other than seeing some delinquencies pick up as expected in some of the energy-related space but not very significantly, there's nothing at the moment that's on the burner.
Marianne Lake: So the MSR P&L for the quarter was a positive $124 million, and they're a combination of BAU immaterial factors that added up to that. And probably about half of it was a combination of hedged performance in the market.
Marianne Lake: Yes, so our purchase applications are up 30% I think year on year. We're continuing to see positive momentum in that space, and we are seeing spring activity continuing to be robust as expected.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So in terms of run-rated, the two biggest drivers of the walk that we gave at Investor Day were the card co-brand renegotiations and the Mortgage Banking non-interest revenue. I would just point out that while we are seeing some of the incremental impact of card renegotiations, that will play out over the course of the year. But on the positive side – and on the positive side, Mortgage Banking just given where rates were over the quarter has sort of been positive relative to the central expectations when we did Investor Day. So those two things are worth noting, but we are seeing really quite good drivers in noninterest revenue drivers across the Consumer space generally in debit, investments, in fees and accounts in the sort of 4%-5% range and sometimes in the range higher than that. So we're continuing to see exactly what we expected which is the majority of our businesses will continue to deliver mid to high single-digit growth and they seem set to do that. The Card impact will be what it will be and Mortgage NIR will end up down year-over-year, whether it's $700 million or $600 million, we'll see. And so the biggest driver of what the end result will be is going to be Markets.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. I mean, look, the business is not immune to markets either. So obviously, as you look at their performance for the quarter, our fees have been impacted by lower asset levels, and we also have got the tail impact of some business simplification just getting the tail of that out of their performance. We are also seeing the benefit of higher rates, so I would characterize the majority of those negatives on lower fees and simplification as being behind us, so the trajectory if rates continue to rise would be upwards, but that's why we said market-dependent. We were not expecting our performance to go down from here, flat to up but depending on rates.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. Well, we've given the range 30% to 35%. We've been at the lower end of that range when we performed very strongly. We could drift up if we performed less strongly. We pay for performance, and I think we did a good job in the first quarter.
Marianne Lake: Well, that's very fair and we've talked about it pretty often that people when they restructure, they restructure out of the things that they were less strong at, less profitable at and in many cases they double down where they continue to have strength and we are seeing that and that's what we mean when we say there's always someone less to fiercely compete in every part of our business and equities is no exception, it's not the poster child for that. However, the equities business here at JPMorgan, we've rebuilt our technology platform. We have rebuilt the prime – when we built the prime brokerage international capabilities. The two of those work hand in glove, and we have every opportunity to continue to gain share and win.
Marianne Lake: Give or take. And – that's right. Obviously, there's a high degree of variability around it. If we had complete ability to understand it, we would lean into those reserves, but there's a – it's name-specific. It's situation-specific. It would evolve over time. We just wanted to give you an indication that there's likely to be some more costs. It could be plus or minus quite a bit from that, because we've had to make some stress assumptions in there, but $500 million for nine months, yes.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. No, Gerard, I'm not going to make any comments about SNC, except to say that everything that we know about SNC is reflected in our results.
Jamie Dimon: The liquidity of the company is extraordinary. We have $400 billion in central banks around the world, $300 billion of AA+ short duration securities, just about $300 billion of very short-term secured, really top-quality repo type of stuff like that. The trading book is $300 billion, which is mostly very liquid kind of stuff, so the liquidity of the company is extraordinary.
Jamie Dimon: I don't think it's inconsistent. We're trying to meet all the regulations, all the rules, and all the requirements. We've been doing that now for five years or six years. It is five – it's been six years since Dodd-Frank was passed. They have their job to do and we have to conform to it.
Jamie Dimon: And on the interest rate stuff, I wasn't predicting it. I'm simply saying I think there is a chance it will be different than what people expect and it will be a little – as I said, it will be gradual until it's sudden.
Jamie Dimon: And I would just add that $5 billion plus of sales and trading in a quarter like this I'd look at it as good. We're earning decent returns. We have good margins. I'm not quite sure about share, but it was quite – I would look at it as quite a good performance, and trading losses were, what we had was six days you said to me, or...
Jamie Dimon: They were (34:59) like $40,000. So the actual results are just – that's really good. I look at that as a very healthy business.
Jamie Dimon: We also got some big deals done near the end of the quarter in Western Digital and Numericable, which is part of sales and trading. And we also got a – we did this I thought a very creative Chase. I'll probably call it Chase Trust. It's the first real securitization in a long time in a mortgage business where you do revenue risk-sharing, and I think it's quite good.
Jamie Dimon: And you saw a new credit card, Freedom Unlimited, 1.5% back. We're doing a lot of stuff in Chase Pay. You heard – so, the Starbucks thing, we are part of top digital site – and we continue to win awards in the consumer banks, so we will always be investing there.
Jamie Dimon: And we've done very well gaining share in electronic trading and the prime broker has been built in Asia and Europe where we had some weaknesses. So you've seen our share go up and we intend to win it. We have top-notch research, which obviously helps drive the equity business, too.
Jamie Dimon: We should say good-bye to Sarah Youngwood, who goes on to a bigger and brighter job as CFO of the Consumer Bank. And she did an outstanding job, and she's being succeeded by Jason, who's going to say hi right now.
