Marianne Lake: So, Betsy, obviously two things. The first thing is that the most important time period when this is going to matter is when its in full and compliance and through the transition period in 2017 and 2018. So result in the 450 bucket as we understand is based on 2013 results that we had to work over the quarter next three years to make sure we are maximizing every basis point of GSIB and every dollar of capital to the fullest extent to deliver return. So rather say that to move down a bucket it is in general term is fairly significant thing to do. Just given the types of things are driving the overall score. But we are not complacent about it. We worked a near extreme granularity to make sure that from the very first basic point that we are certain we are maximizing the return opportunity for that within the context of the bucket we are in. So it would not be a trivial exercise to move down but we are focused on making sure that we are optimizing the resources that are our most binding constraint.
Marianne Lake: I think it is probably worth mentioning that while we were in the -- or look like we might be in the highest bucket relative to our peers, there were peers that were in higher bucket and they are not constrained by GSIB but CCAR. So it is likely to be the case. We continue to believe it is likely to be the case that you're going to see the differential in required capital for a variety of reasons not being as wide as might be implied by the GSIB. And so the key question is whether we are delivering the right shareholder value and incremental capital which we clearly thing we are and can continue to do. And so it is -- we are trying to thread the needle as you say about making sure that we are as focused as we can on maximizing the use of that scarce resource but within the bucket that we end up being wherever that might be, that our key priorities to deliver the highest ROE and the shareholder value we can, particularly in the world where others maybe more constrained by balance sheet or leverage. So it is a fine dance and it's what we are working through. We'll obviously keep you updated as we continue to progress our plan. 
Marianne Lake: Okay. Let me start at the beginning which is -- if you look at our Basel III advanced RWA on the slide, it is just little over $1.6 trillion, when we were in Investor Day, last year we said that we expected to be able to provide reduction to that by the end of 2015 to get the number closer to $1.5 trillion on the back of near model related benefit and et cetera. It is still the case, so that's the direction we will move in whether we get exactly to $1.5 trillion or slightly over will depend on the timing of some of those benefits but that's direction where we are going. So call it from a little over $1.6 trillion to a little over $1.5 trillion and we will give you an update at Investor Day. With respect to the assumptions, at the end of the day we generate a lot of capital and if we need to comply more quickly than we intend to do then we can clearly pull those levers. But we have always over the last couple of years have the approach of wanting to have a reasonable sense of urgency but a measured pace to get in where we need to be over the course of a transition period as well as preserving the optionality to continue to increase dividend and do buybacks. That continues to be generally our philosophy. And if you take, I think I said this before and don't read anything into this with respect to capital asks or anything else but if you take analysts estimate for the next two three years and take a $1.5 trillion or even slightly higher RWA basis, you can continue to add 50 basis points of capital a year as well as have meaningful buyback and capital distribution capacity. And 50 basis points a year from a little over 10% over three or four years get see to the other side of 11.5. So that just an illustration of capacity we have not necessarily a sort of commitment in terms of glide path but that's the basis upon which we feel like we will be able to add 50 basis points this year which is on a fully phased and advanced basis which is we think an appropriate glide path.
Marianne Lake: Yes. I think, John, it is something you are looking at that we confused you; I apologize for that -- for the purpose of clarity. We expect to grow into GSIB buffer which would be at two different TLAC with common equity and whatever they got maybe when the rules are finalized on TLAC somewhere between nothing and something more meaningful, that's likely to be in debt issuance. 
Marianne Lake: So, Guy, both the reserves that we take in the quarter represents our best estimate based upon facts and circumstances, as you know that must be the end of the quarter with respect to ongoing dialogue and investigations but they are not concluded so as much as we would like to, we can give you no assurances with respect to the final conclusion. And that's really what we can say about where we are on the FX matter. 
Marianne Lake: So just one quick thing on NIM before I talk about expense. Just --we kind of manage the NIM -- NIM can be reasonably volatile purely as a feature of the amount of cash that we have in our balance sheet. What you saw this quarter in terms of NIM which was five or six basis points decline whether you are looking at firm or core, is in very large part driven by incremental cash balances close to $50 billion. 
Marianne Lake: Some of which there for days, some of which is an accretive from an NI perspective will be at modestly. So I think the more important measure for us anyway quarter-over-quarter is that our NI was flat. So and then just in terms of the flattening yield curve, we are more geared towards and so right to move and we still expecting that to happen in second half of the year. And so what really matter for us is Fed funds not withstanding the overall yield curve. With respect to expenses, yes, we will give you more updates at Investor Day. But I can continue to reiterate what we said in the past which is we would continue to expect to push our adjusted expense absolute dollars downwards over the course of the next several years. And in combination with hopefully an improving economy and better interest rate move towards the 55% plus or minus -- the 55% over head ratio over the medium term. So you would expect-- you should expect our adjusted expenses in 2015 to be down, but we continue to have albeit that we reach the peak in second half of the year, we continue to have elevated cost of control and some of that leverage will be more in 2016 and 2016 than in 2015.
Marianne Lake: So a little bit it was driving efficiency ratio in second half versus the first half is seasonality in revenues and year-on-year revenues were down slightly. So obviously it is a little bit elevated relative to 59% to 60% ratio but obviously the absolute dollars on a downward trend. And hopefully what we are going to see in combination over the course of the next year or two is we will continue to look at efficiency in our controlled spend. As I say we are going to be looking at that in 2015 relative to the exit 2014 right. So you are going to see more of that leverage in 2016 and 2017. We will continue to bring mortgage cost down, cost within the branches down and but affecting against that hopefully we will have stronger performance in some of our businesses and show some expense growth. So overall trending down and but revenues are positive story and they were down year-on-year. 
Marianne Lake: Well, so, Mike, we will give you the low down at our Investor Day, you will see absolute reduction in dollars and we will give you the outlook for the efficiency ratio then. 
Marianne Lake: So I would say a bit of both actually, as obviously as you articulate, we do seasonality but we did reach an inflection point during the year where we started to see more -- a little bit more demand anyway to greater extension. But I'd say our outlook for credit card outstanding gross for 2015 is sort of modest low single digit growth not higher than that. So a little bit of both and but we are flatted by seasonality in terms of the fourth quarter.
Marianne Lake: So JPMorgan taking in three pieces. Yes, we think it's very good for the consumer on balance and also for the economy on balance despite strengthening dollar. So we think that the consumer spend, consumer even quite expenses likely to be positive as a result. From a trading perspective there are pluses and minuses. The oil price volatility contributed to the softer quarter in the credit space, but was hopeful as it related to the currency the commodity space so in fact net-net mutual to maybe even slightly favorable. And then with respect to our traditional credit exposure to the sector, it is about 5% of our overall credit exposure and well secured top of the capital structure where it is name by name analysis that we do. We feel comfortable with where we are right now. It is cyclical business and we are expecting downgrade but we are not facing any meaningful issues in the face right now. Overall, oil is a reasonable positive for the economy and consumer and so for JPMorgan from the financial perspective a modest issue, positive or negative. 
Marianne Lake: Erika, just add to that, we are still in a period of flux as it relates to in a broadly rule, not just capital rule and we are in a period that got to relate to the competitive environment. And it would be for us, it would premature to take these strategic decisions that we don't think would add shareholder value in what is a very sort of challenging influx and cyclical low for the environment. So we preserve optionality. We think we are generating significant shareholder value, significant synergies and any discount could arrive regardless. 
Marianne Lake: So you are right the complexity bucket does stick out. Just for what it look, we are looking at each bucket and we are looking at a very granular level because obviously we need to look at the whole thing in combination. And the complexity bucket, Jamie said I think earlier, if he didn't I just repeat. OTC derivatives, there is now drives a large chunk of it. Clearly, we are going to do everything we can in terms of netting and housekeeping and everything to reduce stock meaningfully is to have a meaningful impact on our client flow business. Level three assets is second piece and obviously to the degree that those things are -- by definition they are less liquid and so a result -- 
Marianne Lake: That does not make them bad. They are just less liquid and as a result we obviously will take a look at whether or not there is opportunity to reduce that. But again it is also relative to market size. And then finally our AFS portfolio which to have in a complexity bucket is not intuitive to all of us and over time that may reduce but right now it is a very core part of how we think about structuring the interest rate, risk management of our balance sheet. So we are going to look at it but we are going to get very, very granular. And there is no silver bullet. 
Marianne Lake: So our exposures are about $46 billion, about 5%, there are just no credit portfolio and about two -- 70% of its investment grade about, two third is in the sort of CIB, so these are large well capitalized company. And the others are in the commercial bank, name by name we understand that what looks like these are asset based loans, top of the capital structure, names we know and we are going to see downgrades and we are not suggesting that there isn't going to be some stress and we don't where oil may bottom. But, yes, we do have reserves. We have reserves based upon a long history of day that include cycles; it seems cycles before like this. And so we will take downgrade maybe --we may need to take more reserve but it doesn't feel like it say very significant issue or imminent series of charge -off rates now.
Marianne Lake: So we are watching it closely and to Jamie's point, we are paying attention to our real estate portfolios in those geographies so that's going to be overall sector on geographical differences and how to this plays out and we are paying attention to that. 
Marianne Lake: On the first point, I think there is probably some true to the less liquidity but it is more about over supply and lack of global growth simulating demand than it is I think a liquidity story from a capital market perspective. Sorry, Jamie, you are going to -- 
Marianne Lake: No. Look obviously we need to get clear on what the final rules and calculation that's like; I don't see it being blanket number. I think it is pretty evidence that it intended to be least measured relative to the size, if the one measure that's not measured relative to a market share but relative to the size of your operation and so consequently depending upon how the math works out, it could be differentiation for other people. But my comment were not necessarily driven by whether or not somebody else going to be more punitive, will penalize by short-term wholesale funding but by the fact that GSIB hasn't been and it is unlikely to be the binding constraint for some our competitors. For some of those it CCAR stress, for some it is leverage on CCAR stress and as a result they already are running at or above the level that maybe implied and that may continue to increase. So here we have a situation where the transition period the glide path is a four year period where it temporary run looking to put a glide path together that measures all of our objective over the next few years where others are after approaching 11%. So we will see obviously had phased out in the medium term or in short term I should say, certainly in the short term we have a reasonably level playing field. And the competitive landscape is changing and we are working very hard to make sure we are maximizing a return on every dollar we had. 
Marianne Lake: Yes. So the buffer yes totally volatility driven, the 50 basis point is the best estimate of what the short term wholesale contribute to the -- 
Marianne Lake: We will say, my view it is not a blanket though you could see some people differentiated in that sense. 
Marianne Lake: Obviously if you get granular to different specific and countries you have a different answer but as a general matter, no, as a general matter for U.S. 2015 over 2014 according to 2.5% and globally closer to 3%.
Marianne Lake: I think the thing to -- think about when you look at the come to revenue ratio just for the purpose of clarity if you look at the fourth quarter of last year excluding DVA and FVA, it was above 20 % to 26%, closer to in line year-over-year and that's evidence when you look at the full year ratio of last year 31% to 30%. So they are with the low end of our range of 30% but within the range relative to the performance and there was a big negative impact in the CPI on a revenue basis last year with DVA /FVA.
Marianne Lake: Well, I mean I think if you look at the 2015 dynamics there is going to be three principal things, 2014 was a year of larger deals, and 2015 is still got a good pipeline. So we are expecting to have reasonably strong -- at least start the year and probably strong year. And it is very driven in the fourth quarter and likely to continue to be so by sort of M&A related financing and so the downside we talked about is just less sort of maturities to be refinanced but nevertheless some. But we are going to continue to have support from the M&A side with respect to be fairly strong in 2015. So you got some puts and takes for what we think is going to be a solid to good year in 2015 maybe not, and maybe not a record but certainly a good year.
Marianne Lake: So just I mean certainly well I think to put into context I think that the RWA growth was $12 billion so nevertheless a growth but not a huge number up. A chunk of is with regular way CVA which just in part has got to do with just no more market dynamics right now and spreads wider and volatility higher but a chunk of it is unrelated to that. And as we look forward to the end of next year at $1.5 trillion, well just to be clear I think I said $1.5 trillion or maybe slightly higher but nevertheless in a lot of big numbers the same trajectory, it more at risk from just the timing of our ability to execute on granular segmented model, model approval and internally with regulators than necessarily any sort of market dynamic not withstanding that will factor in. So I would say the bigger risk to achieving that unless sort of market pricing impact from CVA but more so ability for us to get the right timing of that model benefit.
Marianne Lake: So obviously we talked about the cards portfolio that's driving some revenue decline also some elevated credit charge-offs. We have been experience and I think we guided to the low end of our 12.5% revenue rate change and we guided to that last quarter, the quarter before at a 12.2% in that range and what we are experiencing is spread compression is largely offsetting the strong interchange and other fee growth from the product volume, but when you acquire new customers and you pay the premium to acquire new customers that gets amortized to your results in the first year. So in years when you are net acquiring new customers, you will have a small net drag on your fees and on your revenue rate resulting from amortizing those premiums for the benefit of those strong relationships and the increased outstanding and spend sales volumes you get in future years. So we have been on a journey for the last two years and we continue to be on it way, there is some impact associated from the fact that we are now acquiring new customers each of which we believe returns hurdle for us or more than hurdle for us is accreted over a period. 
Marianne Lake: And if you just look at the consumer spending specific, if you look at four quarter analyzed up 4.7% is the best consumer spend basis in 2003. So it is already taking effect in consumer spend and the disposable income as you say we are already expecting a new cost sales to grow next year but all of this is going to support the continued strong that we see in consumer. 
Marianne Lake: So you are right we are close to where -- we are close to lapping the acquisition cost dynamic not discloses but in the near future. But what you are going to continue to see is that we have a portfolio that in one off and as those lows run off they were loans that were high up and high rate loans than the ones we are originating right now. And as a result you are going to continue to see some spread compression in 2015 again against which you are going to see strong interchange. So I would say, yes, ultimately and in the fullness of time you are going to start to see the interchange growth outpace the spread compression but for a period of time there going to be somewhat of wash. 
Marianne Lake: So there is a -- overall the rate of income asset is not ultimately going to be necessarily zero, but when you think about in the context of the capital and the relative returns, it was not accretive our returns. And so we have the differential between 500 and 300 for the full year, it is still not zero. There is a slight lack. Clearly the slight lack taking out the expenses and but this is overall small net income impact but for overall mutual to positive benefit on the return.
Marianne Lake: And regard these all that, remember, that our rationale for business simplification included a bunch of different reasons included activities that were core to our core clients' activities that were outsized in terms of operational and other risks as well as those that were returning hurdles. So there are other reasons to simply your business and they will have other ancillary benefit.
Marianne Lake: So no specific one time items in the derivative and equities derivate performance. And the uptick VAR has to do generally speaking with high levels of volatility that it does with anything in terms of risk direction. 
Marianne Lake: If you look at equities in total and particularly in the prime space, there was a small one time item but not in the derivative space. 
Marianne Lake: It is not a significant increase in VAR but yes we had -- you see increase in CPG VAR, on spread widening and volatility increase in equities, I mean just year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter we have seen an increase in volatility.
Marianne Lake: I mean this quarter more than any quarter, it is like really honestly too early to make any comments of any note regarding trading performance particularly given that the holiday sale mid week, so reality the situation is dramatically nothing has changed from the end of the fourth quarter, but there is no big new news in the first few days of trading.
Marianne Lake: And I think if you look at our revenues excluding SVA/DVA year-over-year that's on reasonably line with comp.
Marianne Lake: And just on the share gains, they are in jumbo and commercial conforming loans not in the government space. So, yes, we are -- we are competing aggressively on price but with the right capital allocation with the right hurdle. And these are loans that are very high quality that we are willing to put on our balance sheet done with correspondence that we have confidence in the financial status off. 
Marianne Lake: So I mean the GSE, you could always get loan up to 97% in the government space because in the agency space with mortgage insurance we've seen some movement from the FHA on GSEs and mortgage insurance payment. All of which I think is intended to try and help credit availability which we would generally support. It doesn't change our strategy, however, which is that we are much more focused on originating in the very high quality jumbo and conventional conforming space. But, yes, probably underwritten we will do agency loans in the programs that they have available. 
Marianne Lake: Yes, I mean look we have over the last I think two years and a quarter two plus years or so, we've seen an inflow of cash of between $300 billion and $400 billion on our balance sheet. And so our balance sheet size has grown slightly over the course of the last several quarters in the last year. But the vast majority of the growth is driven by incremental cash and there are two principal reasons for that. One is as we have been looking to become compliant with our and with U.S. rules on liquidity which we are compliant with -- and this was happened for a while, but the other is also that we've been receiving increased non operational cash flow and whole supply and so to the degree that cash is accretive from NI perspective and that we on balance sheet or leverage constraint and it is a key part of relationship with that client. That may not be a bad thing. And but to the degree that it is not a key part of the relationship that we are going to be disciplined about trying to manage that balance. So I would say underlying that we would expect our balance sheet to not be growing and certainly not significantly but cash can be the volatile factor. 
Marianne Lake: Yes, so we saw loan growth year-over-year 8% gross, 3% reported. We feel pretty good about the demand for loan across our business, particularly those have been performing strongly now consistently like business banking like prime mortgage on the portfolio, commercial real estate even also and we are continue to be optimistic about C&I and even cards. So, yes, we would expect to see robust loan growth into next year and hopefully on the back of a continued improvement in the economy. 
Marianne Lake: I do the NI one for you and on the back of robust loan demand and rising rates in the second half of the year which is our current central case and we would expect NI to be up in the second half of the year, flattish in the first half of the year, obviously those two things, if they payout then that wouldn't be the case. And I like you draw your end conclusion on rest of it.
Marianne Lake: No. I would refer you to -- I mean if you look at 10-Q from last quarter that would give you a sense for the things that are outstanding. We will obviously update and refresh in the K but I am not going to discuss specifically all of the remaining cases. 
Marianne Lake: Yes, so I mean I can talk for JPMorgan very specifically that we are seeing the charge-off rate, remember we've had charge-off rates for the auto business that have been relatively low for an extended period and now we are seeing them revert back to something more normal. And when we think about pricing the business and through the cycle, we concentrate on more normal level of charge-off. So this isn't surprising to us. Having said that what we are also seeing in terms of just the broad competitive space is, is not a rationality necessarily but longer duration, higher LTV more sub prime origination. And JPMorgan, we are low LTV than the industry and very concentrated on the near and super prime space. So as a part of that we are just not participating in but even for our own portfolio, you are going to see some of those charge-off rate trends up to something a bit normal but that's how we think about the business through the cycle. 
Marianne Lake: And the lines where origination now that the very further right side of 700 FICO loans with LTV zone and the industry loan is 100%.
Marianne Lake: So I will tell you that - and to answer the question maybe just slightly differently but with the same basic point that we have -- we added the resorting increasing cash of about $45 billion or little bit more than $45 billion in the quarter and not drove the vast majority of the five to six basis points decline in them. 
Marianne Lake: So what it takes, what we have in deposit with the central bank, if any deposits that we have that is excess operating or none operating that we don't think has any significant or any liquidity value to the company. On the whole there is a rule on deposit with central bank and earning a very small amount of interest income, and there are some parts and they try net-net for something slightly accretive. And so that was driving the amount of cash to the degree that we have more non operating cash that would drive that. We complaint with LCR under the U.S. rules with appropriate but modest buffer right now. And that based upon what we think is a fairly forward leaning point of view about what true operating deposit really are. So as we think about what the cashes is in customer's account like really require to operate our businesses and know more. So we think we got a forward leaning point of view on that. So I think the rules for the U.S. final and I think our ratio for U.S. LCR right now will be stable for a period of time. And if there any changes either to the U.S. rule which we don't have any line of sight on or if we are required to make changes or require to make changes to our own internal liquidity framework that could cause us to add liquidity but that's something that will inform you as we go through time. 
Marianne Lake: So for Fed institutions and non bank -- for bank and non bank financial institutions, yes, we passed on the over night rate for our customers and it is basically on their operating cash flow. So it is what we are doing is passing through the cost, if operating cash for their business so there was --
John McDonald: Okay. And I guess could you give us some sense of what the assumption embedded in there are in terms of RWA mitigation, I guess kind of street estimate and earnings and some expectations for capital return? And I guess is that pace enough to get what you see as the new GSIB buffers where it look to us you might have to be at 11.5, 12 or is just a timing question? And you have time to get to 11.5, 12. If you could walk through that would be helpful. Thanks.
John McDonald: Okay. And just a follow up on that is on TLAC. You mentioned in some of the notes here that you might feel any potential short fall to the current TLAC with additional common equity tier 1 which I assume you mean as opposed to kind of debt issuance or preferred, just wondering why you think that would be the best approach since you might already being building set one for GSIB buffer.
John McDonald: Okay, got it. That's what I thought. I was just looking at that footnote 10 on page 20 maybe we just we could take a look at that afterwards. 
Jamie Dimon: John, she didn't say that. We are going to meet our common Tier 1 with the bucket we think is appropriate and we would fill the rest of TLAC with debt, supporting debt or preferred we need to.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. So first I dispute the fact that some investors, there are some people wrote about it as a possibility because of excess capital and that's true, you have to hold more capital, things be equal, it will reduce your returns. But even the people wrote about that, talk about these superior franchises, the benefits of synergies, the good the company brings to there. So the first way to look at a business first and foremost has been and always will be what do you for customers. Not what you do for yourself and your return et cetera. And on the customer franchise and every business were gaining shares, we have good returns, we've got good market shares. We've got good customer sat levels. The synergies are huge, both expense and revenue synergies et cetera and some not all disappear under the various schematics of a breakup or something like that. That's number one. And the question is now you are bearing after capital, how bad is that relative to that and for the most probably we will able to manage that. We've talked about products repricing and managing GSIB, managing CCAR, managing LCR, managing SLR and we are going to maintain the franchise, manage it-- we still think we get good returns. Now there is a point to which the capital drag would be so high that you may want to consider alternatives, but just remember they are not simple. Like anything you do, every company will have to have cash management, global tradability, every company general ledgers and HR things and data centers and nerve data centers inside the security and it just-- it isn't that simple process. But so far the company has earned good returns in all these businesses to wrap this crisis. And I am going back to 2010, 2011 and 2012 and that's a sign of stability. In fact, even Mike Mayo had a report which there is a slide that shows the volatility of returns. And we among the lowest with the better returns. So that is proving it. but the model works in the business standpoint, yes, we have to carry more capital and will manage that over time. 
Jamie Dimon: And remember the capital stuff is not an element is not -- what they are doing now is not a size of riskiness; this company has been a fortress company. It has delivered decline, so its diversification is the reason why you said less volatility of earnings, was able go through crisis and never loss money ever, not one quarter. And so in the real life crisis gets fine, any future crisis we are going to do fine. There is reason you have big global multi national banks. And they are so big global multi national including government. This company movies $6 trillion to $10 trillion a day, you are not going to do that as a small bank. And you are not going to syndicate out of $20 billion bridge loan and you can't do certain things globally in 20 countries if you are in 20 countries. So you got to figure out what model you have and does it make sense. And it's not necessary comparable to all other companies. So all model make sense to you, you have seen return in it.
Jamie Dimon: For us there will be companies that are more invested in oil that may have different issues. And then there is a secondary effect which obviously you all can predict like Russia, Venezuela. So, Russia, we have exposure. Venezuela virtually none and other countries. And there is another secondary effect. If you are talking about commercial or even consumer real estate, Dallas, Denver, Houston. As you saw in 1986, 1989 and those all slight negative. But not again -- for us they are not mutual, very well diversified. And for us who have the other side. General consumer credit will be better not worse. And you can argue and I don't spend too much time on it. But that even retail will be better. There are whole bunch other beneficiaries of this change of credit. So some will be worse and some will be better, so for net-net for us it's just not that big deal. It is a perfect legitimate thing we all be concerned about for companies which are very concentrated in oil or even commercial real estate companies concentrated in oil areas. So that's not something that we need to worry about. 
Jamie Dimon: I would just add that when you are look at -- I am surprised that people so surprised when commodity moves like this. Commodities move like this my whole life. And obviously the supply and demand imbalance and Marianne mentioned that United States supply has gone up by 5 million barrels a day for the last five or six years. People are little surprised that the production that was positive about Libyan, Iran and Iraq and some other places, a lot of people need oil revenues but the other things that surprise people with slightly increased demand, not I say slightly China and some other places and the other one that surprised people is OPEC. Instead of OPEC making some kind of move to reduce supply they didn't. But to me oil commodities have kind of evolve to, oil is at even more evolve to so in the oil business you got to prepare for something like that. That is the way it is going to be. And that's the way for to us like. And yes speculation, inventory and all these things may affect in the short run. Remember, there is a focal point at which oil, the margin with dollar can be produced and I think our economies says that's $75 oil deep drilling in the Gulf of Mexico and around the world. And one data recover that because the world still will use more oil and need more oil et cetera and in the meantime you got to manage around the volatility and I don't think any of that had to do with trading. Not a -- but had to do with fundamental supply demand and balances and people getting prepared for it and taking views and not us, I am talking about oil companies and you read about countries who hedged it and countries who didn't and companies who hedged, companies who didn't and I think it is a legitimate concern about liquidity in markets that when we have volatile markets or violent markets, how much liquidity will remain but I think you there you are talking more about-- which you saw a little bit in treasuries but it is about credit. And it's possible. We just don't really know. So we are little worried about it. But we will there hopefully making healthy mortgage for our clients when the times come. 
Jamie Dimon: And the reason it went for 2.5 to 4 wasn't because a short term also funding because it doubled, it basically doubled the number on a new methodology. And so and I think when you spoke at 50 base point above you also made a short term wholesale funding buffer, you terminate buffer over required number to handle volatility.
Jamie Dimon: Yes, so it's a tough question to answer. We've seen some pricing changes in trade finance a little bit in prime broker not really in credit but I do think that you are going to see some in credit. So over time but that's not because of JPMorgan. That's just because the market is going to reprice some of these things it is more expensive to do. And we do expect that will happen somewhere over time. And remember the other thing which is really important, we manage this by client. So you can actually do a better job in LCRG, SIFI, CCAR by client and not change pricing just change mix. And so we are working 100 different ways to figure how to get good returns to shareholders while doing a good job for clients. Remember, we have more opportunities to do that. So whenever we talked to a client they don't want some of our balance sheet capability but they -- and they maybe willing to do other business with you to make sure they get it, even the pricing doesn't change and it might be good for us. 
Jamie Dimon: I mean it just a Volcker rule, so we have accommodated Volcker rule which we have to do in private equity and investment and hedge funds and Marianne mentioned that we closed the sale of couple of billion at private equity stuff. And even the CLO issue is a very temporary thing. The only question the CLO is should people be forced to sell greater than the -- they are all going to run off in three to seven years. So not a question of bank -- and that is not a material issue to us, we are going to accommodate that. The other thing that's important of Volcker is now the remaining one. How it affects market making and obviously they are the clients are going to be concerned. Do you have a good market making? There are always rules around. It would accommodate those reporting, your client demand, aged inventory, different ways of reporting volatility in trading, and now you have capital liquidity, all the trading is try to get make it safer but also so people can markets and we hope at the end day that will happen. If there needs to be adjustments because new clients are going to say, this isn't working for us. The other thing I'll mention about liquidity, spreads are kind of the same in credit. But the size you can trade is much smaller which to me it is early indicator if something goes wrong, you are going to have gap that spreads quicker and wider than it might have before. So but at the end of the day we hoped to be able to be a good market maker, earned returns for shareholders and obviously we got-- we have to playing out probably Volcker and all the other regulations stored in them.
Jamie Dimon: And I just say that we always allocated capital to investment bank. And we've had HBA adjusted returns and stuff like that. So as you allocate more capital all things being equal that number comes down a little bit. As you kind of disciplined and try to do that properly. 
Jamie Dimon: And so JPMorgan maintained a number one share in Global Investment grade, number one share in Global high yield, number one share in loans indication and which we hoped to maintain next year too. And those are very powerful positions to have.
Jamie Dimon: Then I think like two thirds of model and one thirds is run off stuff, we know that's going to happen. And other thing as Marianne mentioned the advanced we are at 10.1% just generalize with 10.5% and yes the advance will change, spreads gap out, advance will go up but standardized won't. So eventually we think standardized can become the binding constraint not advanced. 
Jamie Dimon: I wouldn't spend too much time trying to build this into your models if I were you, but it is quite clear that when you add $800 a year to the consumer cash flow statement that they consumers on average spend most of that. And I think you are seeing it in spend. And you are seeing in car sales, and you are seeing in retail spend, you've seen it -- and it is also quite clear it helps consumers. It helps their credit. I mean broadly. I mean we are not going out and saying that we are going to reduce credit cost and auto card and a bunch of stuff by kind of 15 basis points. I mean just you know it is going to be there. Just like you know was there when they are in the flipside. People spent a lot of time talking about how much gas price is hurting consumers and why shares down at Walmart, Family Dollar store et cetera. This is just the flipside of that. 
Jamie Dimon: I think they are two different issues. One is the correspondent business, properly done is fine and obviously we do look at their credit underlying because we had a back up over that 5 to 10 years correspond single loan over business and if we did a bad job we had pay for that. So you have to be more careful and do business with a proper kind of people. We have reduced our share of FHA loan just because the ongoing two reasons. One is the ongoing liability in the production side where the insurance was worthless over time. And the second is the just to cost to servicing FHA loans when they are going default and they have a much higher chance of going to default than not. So those are two reasons to do less. And that maybe I'll change over time but we are still in the same place in that. 
Jamie Dimon: You're using the implied curve effectively so that changes and obviously you will expect second half of the year. 
Jamie Dimon: Look the unscrambling, it would be extraordinarily complex. And it would be extraordinarily complex in debt, in systems and technology and people and where certain things go and the businesses would start competing with each other right away which I think is perfectly reasonable if they are all separates in the loan and so look we are very conscious of the narrative which had become out there about this but it is far more complex than that. The right way to look at it as we have this great franchises, we have a lot of time to manage through this. And that is our objective not unscrambling egg. We are going to manage through it and we can manage almost every single part of it over I think over a long period like five or seven years. Don't think of over six months or a year. There is nothing we couldn't settle in it, drive down, sell, manage and that would be probably far easier than the alterative. Even if it led to lower growth but it wouldn't necessarily to lower returns. So just keep in mind that obviously we can do the right things at the end of day for shareholders. It might be lower growth and better returns and managing through then not doing certain things at all. Marianne mentioned for example the amount of deposits we take in. Or it might be that we limit and restrict in our deposit we take at quarter end. We do it accommodate clients but all those non operation deposit will directly into the Federal Reserve. That's what Marianne said. We do it and maybe make some Fed gains 25 basis points there and maybe paying the client something. There are some clients we don't charge to take the quarter end. And they are doing business with us and we don't want their quarter end balances. So we have a lot of leverage, we have a lot of time and we will do it very intelligently over time. Not just damages franchises because of current narrative. And the other thing I want to point out about the current narrative which kind of surprises me that people don't mention, when you all talked about P/Es and some of the parts P/Es are temporary. P/Es change over time and the real question we should asking is, is the E going to be much higher or much lower under scenario A or B not just what the P/E going to be. So that gives a lot of scenario, your Es going to be held lot lower. And that towards the effect of the P/E change. And PE itself is temporary. JPMorgan is already earning, it is across the capital and you compare it to P/Es to lot of cousin who aren't earnings across the capital. I mean people expecting the dramatic growth in earnings which they will. And so you -- it is just-- you really got to have much more forward looking view over P/Es would be, what values would be, what earnings would be, what the franchise would be than just some of the parts breakup based on current P/Es and false comparison. Just some of the people out there feel a comparative, they are not real comparisons. We are not in the same business as those people so but we are sure conscious. It is not to say we are not going to do the right things for shareholders over time. We will, there are other ways to do it. And the other thing which I think is important too is that we compete globally. Remember, we have to be very conscious who we are competing with and what they are going to do over time. And my guess is you can have some very large, very tough global competition over the next 20 years. They are not going to wait, they may have currently lower G50 charges but I am not sure if can be true 10 years from now. Now particularly the Chinese banks get bigger and bigger and some other global competitors decide they wanted to be in there global businesses. 
Jamie Dimon: David, I think again in either way people, I know we know we caused problem if you all because we have just one big quarter by quarter type stuff, I wouldn't look at this is quarter by quarter issue. If you owned a 100% of this company, the better way to look at it is, it is going to cost us several billion dollars more of somehow plus or minus another couple of billion before we get to normal-- what I call normalized legalized basis. We disclosed all that stuff in 10-K. And I think our RPL, if you ask me it is actually fairly decent way to look at what those might be. And we give you an RPL number which is something has not gone to the P&L which possible and we can't make something which is lumpy not lumpy and we can't make something which we can bucket and putting out, if you could we would all the reserves now they were done. We can't. 
Jamie Dimon: It is a number and the important part is the shareholder, I want to deal with that acknowledge our mistakes, try to have fortress controlled balance sheet, try to stop stepping and in dog shit which we do every now and then. And build the customer franchise the important part. When you have a market cap of $230 billion, I want to make that worth $500 billion, 10 years from now. The several billion dollars that we are going to have to pay for legal of this-- and we want to fix it. And it is unfortunate we do these to you all but it is unavoidable right now. 
Jamie Dimon: Again it is very good question into the full year went into the mortgage thing. We are sub prime was an early indicator freedom prime. But when we look at credit card, we don't think it is early indicator credit card. We will be very conscious. As Marianne said, auto did unbelievably well through the crisis, shockingly well, we will all say so maybe there is return to norm. But we are going to be paying a lot of attention. 
Jamie Dimon: I think, Nancy, views and facts are completely different, okay. This company was a -- what was a port in the storm in the real crisis in 2008 and 2009. And that was after we booked --, we had no issues whatsoever. Okay, we had a lot more capital now, we are more conservative now. We've got less credit exposure to percentage of balance sheet. We got less risk to the percentage of balance sheet, got more long-term debt, we got more liquid assets. We got more -- so it is even more too today. The fact is the company is a powerful thing. People when they talk about risk, they are just talking about stock-- lot of they feel look at the size there, it scares them. I completely understand that. But that isn't the determinant and I don't think we should be making shareholder decision based on views the people don't mess like really no. And so if the regulators then they want JPMorgan to be split up then that's what have to happen. We can't fight this federal government. That's their intend to-- maybe their intend what it is, if you are going to carry more capital, you got a modest value business model over time to carry capital. That one we think that we can earn a superior return still versus other banks and carry the higher capital and modify our business model over time without taking drastic action. And remember, again, you got to look forward in this. America has been the leader in global capital market to the last 50 or 100 years, it is part of the reason the country is so strong. I look as a matter of public policy. I wouldn't want to see the next JPMorgan Chase to be a Chinese company. And because someone is to be serving the global multi national around the world and all the things that mean the knowledge and experience and research and capabilities and so I think if you look ahead 10 years, you are going to have large global companies to compete. And you may have to be slightly small we might otherwise have been so be it. But if you can do that and do it good return for shareholders we should do that. 
Jamie Dimon: If you look at our balance sheet, okay, we got always real stuff; we have always $500 billion at central bank around the world. We have like $300 billion plus of AA + securities of very short duration. We have like $300 billion of repo on security and stock borrow which is all secured in commodities by top credit with the proper haircut and stuff like that. And with our capital base of equity and capital $200 billion preferred stock of $30 billion TLAC of debt of $150 billion plus, our loan is just $700 billion which probably always been riskiest part of our balance sheet. And it would achieve like  70 and so this balance sheet, this company is unbelievable. 
Jamie Dimon: It is very hard; I mean not going to be taking deposit at a loss. That is just very temporary to help our client. So I think everyone understand that. 
