Marianne Lake: So, I’ll start with the end because that’s pretty simple. It obviously affected the card revenue out in the quarter. You can see that that was 10.4%. And you can see on the page, we’ve adopted for the impact. But, the 11.25% for the year remains true, which is to say that while this may be slightly larger than normal, it’s not exactly one-time item. We regularly review our liability as we observe the mix of our portfolio and the behaviors of our customers. On face value, I know rewards is often talked about as a competitive matter. I mean, this is less about competition per se. In fact, we have record low in sales attrition, which in a competitive environment is really very good. And it’s more about customers awareness of the value proposition of rewards and them being engaged in redeeming them, which for us is a positive thing because engaged customers spend more and we’re seeing that they attrite less, and we’re seeing that. And they will bring us more deposits and investments as we deeper relationships. So, I would say it’s a little larger than normal. We do it pretty regularly. So, it’s not one-time but it’s not completely typical.
Marianne Lake: Okay. I think it’s -- I mean it’s pretty global across all businesses, as a general matter, and there are some obvious areas where it’s pretty acute. And in the retail also space for example, we talked about commercial real estate for example, mortgage clearly with capacity and the systems for example, all of those areas are pretty competitive for a variety of reasons given where we are in the cycle in the economy and like. But I would say broad based, it’s everywhere. That said, we are holding our own and in many cases gaining share. So, we’re doing pretty well.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So, I would say -- you talked to consumer deposits, so, I am talking retail now, not the sort of high net worth, but I’ll come back to that. Consumer deposit up 5% year-on-year, slowing down as we would have expected, while you have seen online competitors and even some regional competitors make some moves in the large bank space, we haven’t really seen that yet. When we look at the deposit slowdown and we unpack it, it feels to us like the vast majority of the root cause is customers moving into investments. And in the case of regional customers, that seem to manage accounts. So, it doesn’t even appear to be rate seeking. Spending more would be the second driver and to a much lesser extent are we seeing behaviors like the rate seeking at this point. So, we’re not seeing that kind of migration out of the Company to online or other competitors at this point. And so, at this point, reprice is still not happening. That said, we are on a journey clearly. And in the higher net worth space, we continue to see the migration into investment assets we’ve been seeing. And again we continue to recapture the vast majority of those. So, at this point, things are playing out as we would have expected and we’re not actually losing deposits en masse to any third parties.
Marianne Lake: So, I would look at Finn as one of many sort of digital innovations that we’re doing, and I would look at it also in conjunction with broader, digital account opening. And although we’ve now launched Finn nationwide, I think it’s fair to say it’s still very nascent and we’re still learning. So, we’re going to continue to advance -- and it’s got very high net promoter score by the way. So, customer experience is good. But it’s still quite young.
Marianne Lake: So, we’re just starting. I would say, digital account opening on the other hand is a pretty good success story. And we are seeing a lot more accounts opened digitally across the channels and we’re seeing of those, a decent chunk of net new to bank. And where we’re seeing existing customers open new accounts, we’re getting incremental money. So, we are seeing our digital asset pay off and even more broadly than that we could go into quick payments and the like. But, I wouldn’t focus overly on Finn as an eye focusing but think digital more broadly.
Marianne Lake: Yes. I would say that we would use the commercial bank C&I loans as kind of bellwether. There has been decent demand. And I mentioned it in my remarks, the decent demands, not exclusively but partly on the back of a very robust and active M&A environment. And so, the demand is there, I would say, growth is solid, and in line with our expectations we will continue to hope to see that growth as we go through the year. And there may be other tailwinds. We’ve yet to see the full effect of tax reform flow through in profitability and free cash flow. And so, I would characterize loan growth as solid and our expectations for the outlook to remain solid, benefitting from very active capital markets environment.
Marianne Lake: Yes. I mean we’re at -- fed funds of 125 to 200 right now, but we are not anywhere yet close to normal rates. And so, when we think about what you talk about normalizing NIM, we are thinking about it more through the cycle adjusting for new liquidity rules and everything else. So, we have a number of further rate hikes to go before we reach that point. But, we are on a core basis -- and remember, we have a fairly sizeable market balance sheet, but on a core basis we are continuing to see NIM expansion in line with expectations and moving up towards that. So, we would expect to see expansion year-over-year moving towards that level but not getting there yet.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So, I would say on the commentary of the SEB, obviously during the comment period, the regulators are quiet. So, it wasn’t a two-way dialogue during that period. We would expect the two-way dialogue to start now that the comment period is over and the industry and bilateral letters have been submitted. I will say, going back to comments I think I’ve made previously that I remain constructive about the willingness for the current leadership to pay attention and take on those comments. And if you look at the proposal that was sent out for comments, not only did it have a large number of questions that they were asking the feedback on but their actual proposal was very similar to what we have been understanding was the intention in speeches that go back a fair way, which is to say that it feels like we’re still making the sausage rather than this is a done deal. And so we’re very optimistic that the comments will be taken on board. And they are -- volatility was evident in spades in this test, opaqueness, GSIB. We can go through them, I am sure we will. So, we remain optimistic that the comments -- bilateral discussions will start now. I would say -- the industry discussions will start now. I would say on CCAR, it felt close to prior years. It not to say that it is not constructive, it’s just -- it’s not like basically as prior years.
Marianne Lake: Yes. I mean, I would say two things, which is while this cycle is older than potentially typically cycles have been, growth over the last decade has been lower through the recovery. So, there is plenty potentially of room to play. And as we look at all the economic data, not just here in the U.S. but also globally, there are no real signs of fragility. And I know, people are staring at the flat yield curve and we would say that that flat yield curve is a bear flattening, good flattening compared to profitability perspective and not some looming risk of a recession embedded in it. So, I am saying it’s still negative. Real policy rate is still at zero, credit is very benign. That said, we are in cyclical businesses, no doubt. And so, we are preparing and we will be ready when the cycle turns and no doubt there will be impact from that. But through the cycle, I think we’ve proven our business model will produce strong shareholder returns and among best-in-class performance.
Marianne Lake: Right. I would also say that the shape of the curve is correlated to fed funds in a tightening cycle and that is what we’re seeing. So, while there are other factors weighing potentially on the 10-year in terms of still very accommodative central bank policy, particularly in the banks of Japan and the ECB where obviously trade is not necessarily constructive just in terms of the narrative, short-term underfunded pensions going into bumps, there are some technicals. But fundamentally, what you are seeing in terms of the flattening is pretty typical of a tightening cycle. And as long as it’s accompanied with solid to strong economic growth, it doesn’t concern us at this point. And in fact, as we’ve been pointing out, we are still levered toward fund and rates from a profitability perspective, and we do expect the curve to steepen over time.
Marianne Lake: I would say just a tiny little correction. Our outlook was 6% to 7% core loan growth excluding the CIB. We’re at 7% now. Things are still moving ahead in line with that. I would also just point out that it is an outlook, not a target. So, while we still feel like that is our outlook at this point, we obviously are going to make the right decisions, based upon the environment that we’re in. Competitively the private credit market for commercial real estate, for leverage, lending, it’s competitive, but so are also the mainstream competitors. It’s just the environment is pretty constructive and everybody is trying to get access to the high-quality assets. So, margins are under pressure. And we will make sure we’re getting the right return for the risk we’re taking.
Marianne Lake: It’s a couple of things. So, 62, remember, the 62 was before the impact of expense gross up. So, the actual full-year outlook was about $63 billion, about $63 billion including them. This quarter included one-time item, $174 million on the legal entity liquidation. We knew about that, obviously. So, it was in our number, but you can’t annualize it, you can’t sort of times it by four. So, you’re absolutely right. As we look out for the full year, to the degree that we would be above our -- our outlook is $63 billion, it would be largely driven, if not exclusively driven, by higher performance-related compensation on higher revenues, with the only other caveat that as you probably know, we are waiting as I’m sure you are for when the FDIC surcharge is taken away. The FDIC anticipated that would be in the middle of the year this year, but that is now potentially at some risk, moving out into the third or fourth quarter. So, while that could have an impact on this year, to answer your broader question, are we still on track for our expense overhead ratios? Yes.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So, I would say, so far, where we are is that trade is firmly part of the risk narrative. So, it’s definitely, as Jamie has said, on the psyche of people. But it’s not at this point causing them to change the strategic actions and decisions that they’re making, but clearly part of the conversation. And as currently outlined, it’s more of that than it is a real impact to sort of the global macroeconomic outlook. But that isn’t to say that uncertainty can’t ultimately lead to more challenges or slower growth but because confidence is a really important part of not just business investment cycle but also the financial market stability. So, at this point, it’s more of a risk narrative than it is an actual driver. But, it is important that that uncertainty is taken off the table.
Marianne Lake: Yes. I’m going to say yes. In a nutshell, it got better. But let me just give you the context. The context is as you’ll recall, as we ended the first quarter, there were some bouts of volatility and clients became more cautious. And that carried over into the first part of this quarter. And so, while activity was fine, it wasn’t as strong. In the second half of the quarter, that generally faded, activity levels picked up. And I would say there were more catalysts. And ironically, one of the more catalysts when you’re thinking about trading volatility or intraday volatility or vol of vol, trade is part of that; emerging market idiosyncratic events are part of that. The European sovereign Italy situation, so, there’s just more catalysts in the market and just generally, more client participation.
Marianne Lake: Sorry. Just to finish that to make sure that no one is confused. It was pretty broad based. It was pretty consistent throughout the second half of the quarter. And it wasn’t a lot of one-off large trades.
Marianne Lake: So, the fed has been on a pretty well-telegraphed path here, reducing their balance sheet by about $50 billion a quarter. We talked about the fact that if you take $1.5 trillion out of the system, if you look at -- as the fed has grown its balance sheet, about half of that will ultimately impact deposits. And our share of it would be 10%. So, we talked about potentially that kind of $50 billion to $75 billion of deposit outflows over the several years it would take to reduce that. But primarily they would be -- not exclusively, but primarily not operating and therefore, limited impact on liquidity basis. And so, it’s playing out textbook right now.
Marianne Lake: So, residential mortgage correspondence in particular is pricing; pricing, pricing, pricing. And so, we will see share if pricing goes to what we consider to be not sufficient to return shareholder value. In the commercial real estate space, I would say, it is primarily pricing. So, spreads are under a lot of pressure. And the competition, as I said, it’s GSEs, it’s insurance companies, it’s non-bank commercial institutions. It’s a little bit less credit terms but still pretty robust, albeit that we are seeing a tiny shift to the right in LTVs. We’re not going there, by the way, but I would call it pretty modest. So, I’d say generally terms are holding up quite well.
Marianne Lake: I am really, really sorry. But actually you were breaking up. And so, I didn’t catch most of that question. 
Marianne Lake: Okay. So, I would say across regions. Equities, strong performance across regions. While there were more catalysts this quarter, but you mentioned Italy, I think. None of those were particular drivers. So, we did fine on all of those, as well as I mentioned. So, I would say broad-based, gaining share we think in some areas in equity, cash and prime in particular, and holding our own elsewhere. And I would say solid performance across the FICC spectrum. And investment, yes, gaining share in investment banking. But obviously, you can’t look at any one quarter.
Marianne Lake: I mean, I would say that if you just go back over the course of the last couple of years, you have seen some share shift from European banks to U.S. banks broadly. In the prime space, I would say U.S. prime incumbents are gaining some share, but it’s not a particularly new trend and it’s not the dominant trend.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So, linked quarter, reported down 2 basis points because of lower markets NII and higher market assets, $20 billion; core up 8 basis points.
Marianne Lake: So, in CIB, the charge-offs were driven by two names and the principal one was the remaining piece of the Steinhoff loan we sold this quarter. We had a reserve release against it that was larger.
Marianne Lake: Sure. I mean, look, CECL is not a big deal insofar as we are getting ready for it. I will tell you that we haven’t disclosed an adjustment number on the basis that we’re still working through the modeling and the data. And it is more complicated, perhaps operationally to get everything lined up than you might think. We’re going to intend to be running some stuff in parallel next year. So, we’ll be able to give you much more color next year. Generally speaking, as we move to life of loan losses, it won’t shock you to know that we will have an adjustment to our reserves through equity. It will be driven most likely by any of the portfolios that have longer weighted average life versus incurred loss models, and card would be the most notable, to a lesser extent unfunded wholesale commitments. But, it’ll be manageable in the context of the firm, it goes through equity. And then, if you think about the economics the cash flows, the NPV of these loans doesn’t change…
Marianne Lake: Yes. It doesn’t change the economics of the loans. You upfront a little bit of reserves you get paid for over time. We don’t think it’s going to fundamentally shift the dynamics. But that will play out.
Marianne Lake: It’s hard because it’s life of loan. So, it’s hard to have a shorter -- it’s difficult to imagine that a life of loan could be shorter than an incurred loss. So, no, not really. But for us, the reason why it’s pretty limited -- not to say there’s no other impact, but the reason why it’ll be mostly driven by the areas I mentioned is because in most of our wholesale space and so many of our other products, we are covered for multiple years, if not close to life of loan at this point.
Marianne Lake: And remember that in a very, very oversimplified model of the universe, we would run an extraordinarily high level of redemption. We are giving these rewards to customers because we think that they are -- and they indeed are, perceiving great value in them. And so, we’re just continuing to observe that as the mix changes.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. So, just real quickly, Mari said, it’s almost 9 or 10 years of growth at 2%, averaging 20% over the 10 years, it really should have been closer to 40%. There is a lot of evidence that the slack in the system is being finally -- people going back to workforce. The consumer balance sheet is in good space, capital expenditure is going up, household formation is going up, home building is in short supply, the banking system is very, very healthy compared to the past. Consumer confidence and business confidence are very high, albeit off their highs, probably because of some of our trade. So, if you’re looking for potholes out there, there are not a lot of things out there, and growth is accelerating. And of course, things are always a little bit different. My own personal view is that the 10-year is 10-year. I wouldn’t say it has to happen the way it’s happened every time last time. I just think that’s a mistake. The fed is reversing the balance sheet. I think it’s very easy that rates can go up, the 10-year rates can go up in a healthy environment. In history, we’ve had rates going up where you had a healthy environment. It’s not always true that the 10-year going up is bad.
Jamie Dimon: Right. So, I’ll just make a broader business comment for a second. We don’t run -- because I think we easily answered Mike Mayo’s question. We don’t run the business guessing about when there might be a recession because we know there’s going to be one. We already priced through recession. We like to blame clients, bankers, cards, accounts, products, services. That’s how we run the business. Some of the decisions you make are portfolio decisions. You can add to your mortgage portfolio or you can sell it. You can reduce your growth or the loans if you think the credit is bad. And of course, we will do that when the time comes, but we’ll still be adding accounts. And so, to me, I don’t worry as much about the 10-year bond or all these various things. We can manage those risks. We want more clients in almost every business we’re in and want to do a very good job for them in products or services. China, it’s a long-term story. We’re not looking for any immediate thing. In the next 12 years or so, China will -- internal markets, maybe their bond markets, stock market is probably very close -- equal the size of the United States of America. Therefore, we want to be able to do everything we do here in China. We can do a lot of that in Hong Kong today, but we can’t do it in Shanghai. So, we’ve applied for licenses. And obviously, we need permission ultimately from our regulators and from their regulators. So, it’s totally in their control. And it may or may not be affected by trade, but I look at this as a point in time. It is what it is. Eventually, we’ll get these licenses. Eventually, hopefully, we’ll be a large competitor in Shanghai. Remember, we already do a lot of that business with Chinese companies around the world, with Chinese companies in Hong Kong. I mean, there are a lot of people going into China. So, we’re looking for the full set of licenses to do what we need to do for Chinese companies. Ultimately, I think it’ll be good for China to have a company like JP Morgan equity, debt, credit, transparency, governance issues, inside China.
Jamie Dimon: No. Look, we already do deposits, we do certain banking. What we can’t do is equity, debt, and trading of equity and debt. Okay? So, if we get this license one day at 51%, we’ll be able to make -- and with these licenses, we’ll be able to basic equity underwriting, equity sales and trading, research, debt underwriting, debt sales and trading. We could do all of that today in Hong Kong. But remember, Chinese companies, they can do it in Shanghai, or they can do it in Hong Kong, or they can do it in London, or they can do it in New York. We just want the full capability.
Jamie Dimon: On the competition issue. I think, it’s good for the country, United States that we have a fully competitive field in card, mortgage, retail, asset management, commercial banking, investment banking, sales and trading. There are strong competitors everywhere. It’s just recognizing that. That’s all it is. It’s a good thing. It’s called capitalism.
Jamie Dimon: They’re already -- they’re constantly creating rewards points and they’re constantly using those points. And when they use rewards points, some points cost us more than other points. And the pace of the use will change economics a little bit. But basically, it’s still kind of what we expect over time.
