James Dimon: No. So first of all, the capital and the risk weight, that already represent, in effect, Basel, very close to -- or at least, our best estimates at Basel III. And while it's possible that some people are doing less long-tail derivative stuff, I would not put it in the material category. There's a lot of client volume, a lot of clients, a lot of activity.
James Dimon: Yes, I'll answer this question, but you got to let someone else ask a question, okay, Guy? So first of all, if you look at the deposits, commercial bank deposits are way up, TSS deposits are way up, private bank deposits are way up, retail deposits are up. The clients have a lot of money, and they're investing a lot. And as you know, we keep on saying, there's a lot of money wash around the world and obviously, we're a beneficiary of some of that. You can see it by business if you go in deeper into the supplement.
James Dimon: Well the reserve, look, obviously, the reserves are coming down over time precisely because of what you mentioned. The reserves are based on a forward-looking view of charge-offs. As charge-offs come down, the reserve will come down. And eventually, they'll be the same. If you're reserving effectively for 12 months of losses and things are steady, eventually they'll be the same. A normalized charge-off ratio will eventually be 4½%. That's through the cycle. It'd be obviously lower than that or higher than that.
James Dimon: Yes, because a lot of things run through RWA. But I think what we said last time is that mitigation, most of which, not all of which, most of which will happen by the end of this year was $150 billion of risk-weighted assets.
James Dimon: Okay, so it’s amazingly simple. We can only buy back $8 billion of stock according to the guidelines from the Fed. We are going to buy back regardless of price, $3 billion, which is what we issue or approximately what we issue every year for stock-related compensation. And the other part's discretionary. We're not going to automatically do it. It will be price sensitive and if we build up excess capital, so be it.
James Dimon: We also know the final Basel III guideline is where we're going to have to hold to. I mean, we think 7% is plenty, but that may not be the final guideline.
James Dimon: I would assume that, that's going to happen because there's obviously very little we can do to stop it.
James Dimon: Well, I think we’ve said the $40 billion anticipates the IB being at 8%. We're assuming some mitigation here in the IB, kind of by the end of the year on a stand-alone basis. So remember, of that balance sheet, the $250 billion or so is very, very short-term liquids. So the adjusted assets are like $600 million and the equity is $40 billion.
James Dimon: So I think the baseline Basel stuff is attempting to be a global agreement to have a level playing field for everybody. There are some flaws with that, which are also in my letter because there are different laws now in the United States regarding derivatives, Volcker, the uses of preferred dividends, et cetera. But I think it's an attempt by regs to have a global agreement. Each country is going to set its own, they call this SIFI or global SIFI surcharge. So each country can do something in addition to the 7%. But I personally don't think that because the U.K. and Switzerland does it, that the United States should feel like it has to do it. I mean, each country is a slightly different thing. In Switzerland, their banks dwarfed at the size of their economy. That's not true here. I also have a chart in my shell letter about that. So there are other reasons why other countries might go to higher ratios.
James Dimon: I think the United States [indiscernible] should do what's good for United States, not what's good for Europe.
James Dimon: Well, honestly, if it's just a little bit more, no. If it's a lot more, probably. And we're going to have to wait and see. I also think it's very important -- if you think about it a little bit, the market is going to price things. Just because the bank holds 10%, doesn't mean the market’s going in effect use 10% to price something. So your competitive market is going to be based upon something different, so it's hard to figure out exactly what that means. My attitude would be, we'd run the businesses at a 7% or 8% Basel III and hold the excess at corporate.
James Dimon: I actually think it's an intelligent thought about having different for performing versus defaulted loans. It's far more expensive to default a loan. So look, the devil’s in the detail, but it’s a good thought, a good concept. And in general, it would eventually reduce the size of the MSR, which would be fine with us too.
James Dimon: It really depends how the home Mortgage business turns out. I mean we really got to wait and see what the future liabilities are for future mortgage origination, et cetera, before you decide to do something like that.
James Dimon: We think it's the skin in the game concept’s a good idea. We think that it would be fine with us. It has a lot of consequences, but we'd be fine with that. And the QRM, either way can work as long as it's all properly designed. So we really have an ax in this fight about how it's going to take place. But we just hope that however it takes place, it's really well thought through. And we'd be happy to work with people to help -- to try to make sure that it’s done.
James Dimon: Eventually. Overhead expenses from default and foreclosure will probably drop $300 million or $400 million a quarter. And that's not included in the repurchased stock, which is another couple of million a quarter.
James Dimon: Yes, you're talking about the number for us, that's now going to be north of $1 billion. And I think last year it was $800 million. So I think it may be $500 million more than it used to be. I kind of object to how they went about that, and so there'll be more conversations about how those charges go through. The FDIC was supposed to be deposit insurance. And remember, we pay for the deposit insurance, JPMorgan paid -- it's a government program paid for by banks, so we’ll have paid through this crisis about $5 billion in FDIC. But this is going to increase that for us.
James Dimon: Well, because we had two books of business that are kind of running off, running down; WaMu and some of this balance transfer stuff. And we actually had broken that out in an earlier presentation, too. And those predominantly will be completed by the third quarter, so there we just know we're getting to stable kind of balances.
James Dimon: It's a lot of different things, but remember, there was some repricing, but it's also a runoff of low return balance transfers, so there are a lot of things in there.
James Dimon: I wrote about this a little bit in my Chairman's letter. The government laid out three kind of baseline ways to set up the GSCs in the mortgage markets. And one of the points we've made is that whichever one happens is, we all agree, it should protect the taxpayer, that we want a healthy mortgage market, but it has to be designed properly. Any one of the three can actually work to do those things. And I think that's one of the reasons the charge related [ph] – so you can have a conversation and respond and think through the effect on the markets, how quickly you can do it. Obviously, there's a lot of politics around the GSC, so hopefully we'll have a really good healthy mortgage market when it's said and done. But the healthy mortgage market means it's got to be good for consumers and it's got to be good for investors. Otherwise, you will not have a healthy mortgage market.
James Dimon: And some of the smaller [indiscernible] not having a balance sheet is helping them. Sometimes it's both.
James Dimon: I wouldn't be looking for a dividend increase if I were you in a couple of quarters. But the regulators have made it clear that -- which I think is a reasonable thing that you have quarterly stress tests and stuff like that. We would have permission to do more on the dividend we wanted to, a little bit more. But at one point, we would obviously go ask them in this environment.
James Dimon: Sure, the answer is yes, but you also have all these new accounting laws and rules and stuff like that. So we believe in strong reserves. We think it's a good thing to have an unquestioned balance sheet.
James Dimon: No, because it's not a relevant figure for large Corporate because large companies can access bonds, loans, bilaterals that go in and out for a whole bunch of different reasons, so we don't really actually track it.
James Dimon: Again, the backlog itself is a very volatile number, and there's a lot of things that are being worked on that are not on the backlog. The flow of business looks good and that's what it -- it looks like it's going to be fine. Companies are pretty active financing and...
James Dimon: That's correct. I think it's more relevant than some of the other ones. The other ones bounce around a lot.
James Dimon: Trade loan is up $5 billion, middle market's up a couple or $3 billion, that's across the whole spectrum of businesses.
James Dimon: Predominately, it's only in the IB and not a lot. Maybe, $1 billion or $2 billion, but it wouldn't be a lot.
James Dimon: It's mostly other banks, but there are other buyers in there, certain funds and investors who are also buying.
James Dimon: Yes, I wouldn't say we're doing covenant-light deals uniquely. I think deals -- the covenants have gotten lighter as lending’s eased a little bit. But again, if you're looking for the countries, it’s probably a pretty good thing. I don't think it's gotten to the point where you would look at it as like it was in the summer of '07. And also, covenant light is only one factor. You can have covenant light and great credit. It means the credit, the deal, the leverage, not just the covenant.
James Dimon: Right, but you've got to look at both sides of the balance sheet here because we have a lot of deposits, which when we get the deposit, obviously there's a -- we invest it. So I would say, it's largely related to both the deposits and then our own, how we want to manage the interest rate exposure of the company. And remember, it's costing us money how we're managing the interest rate exposure of the company. And some of that product that's in the CIO portfolio, a lot of it – I forgot the exact number. A lot of it is what I call spread product. It's like zero duration, but it's got a spread in it to protect us from rising rates.
James Dimon: Corporate, I think if you look at corporate, mid-corporate, middle market and even small business, they're generally across the board stronger than they were. And that's anecdotally surveyed. It's capital, it's cash, it's deposits, it's lending conditions, financial conditions. So you're seeing confidence come back. Now obviously, laying on top of that a little bit is some of these things happening around the world from Europe to Middle East and Japan, but it's not clear that, that's going to derail these companies going about their business, hiring people and even small business demands. Small business loans were flat for our total company quarter-over-quarter. But this quarter is generally a very low quarter, so it's a very good sign in our opinion. We're starting to see real small business loan demand.
James Dimon: And I assume we're going to see that with the competitors, too, by the way, that that's not just us.
James Dimon: You almost -- most things are better than they were a year ago, even the bad things are better than they were a year ago. So we point it out, mortgage losses were -- we're losing $2 billion a quarter in charge-offs and mortgages. It's now down to $1.1 billion. And remember, the early signs of delinquencies will drive foreclosures six months, 12 months from now. Now remember, those are going to start coming down at one point later in the year, early 2012, not go up. That's a good sign, not a bad sign even though they're still very elevated right now.
James Dimon: Before we do that, we're thinking about hiring Deutsche Bank to help us in our capital structure here in the United States.
James Dimon: So if you just put aside for a second, spreads, and put aside for a second, how good you are at trading, the underlying growth is going to be pretty good. If you look at global capital flows, global network, global balance sheet, the growth of multinationals, the need for FX, the need for trade, the need for -- the underlying number is actually pretty good over a decade. You can -- any one quarter, that those -- you can be dramatically different because of spreads, how you actually trade in them. But I would say it's a pretty -- the needs of investors are going to grow a lot over the next 10 to 20 years, not a little. That includes corporations, governments, super nationals, sovereign wealth funds. Remember, if you go to my Chairman's letter, I actually talk about some of these flows over the next 10 or 15 years.
James Dimon: The portfolio we have, we obviously move around. It’s also global, okay? And I think I just mentioned we went to more spread product, and we invested more money. And we have a lot of mortgages, so 2.89%, you can go buy mortgages at far higher rates than that. We also put on some prime, like $2 billion of prime jumbos coming out of private bank at much higher rates. So we can get you a better answer than that, but I think it's just those things I just mentioned.
James Dimon: I think Doug answered it. The underlying trend is down a little bit. But obviously we can make big decisions that change that very quickly. And if rates go up, our NIM can actually expand a little bit, which is not -- if you look at the implied curve, it's not going to happen right away. But if it does happen, our NIM will actually go up, not down.
James Dimon: We don't know yet because they’re all just proposals out there. And the proposals are different for consumer, for defaulted, for wholesale, but I hope when it’s said and done, you have a better matching and less pro-cyclicality. It would be more countercyclical, that would be my hope.
James Dimon: Yes, so I think Doug mentions, it will be lumpy, but we like lumpy as long as it's 20% average. And I think our folks, particularly one equity partners have done more than that over time. So yes, we hope -- we're optimistic, but we don't count on it. We tell them to just run your businesses, make your investments and when you want to do what’s right for the investment, do it then, don't worry about the timing for the company. But yes, we expect profits from them over time.
James Dimon: But I think a lot of the headcount add quarter-over-quarter was because of adding sales people at our branches.
James Dimon: We built 33 branches in the quarter. But we added, over the year, we added almost 4,000 sales force to the system. So we're adding salespeople both in our existing branches and the new branch builds. And I think we're expecting to build out for the rest of the year, 200 branches.
James Dimon: A little bit because we already gave them some credit for that, the number. Basically, the baseline assumption should be to run these business 7% Basel III and I'd be a little bit higher. That's the bottom line assumption. Sometimes we get more benefit from mitigation and we know it’s going to take place or something like that, but that's the bottom.
James Dimon: I'm not going to comment on that because all I know is what I read in the paper this morning, too. The other one is I guess you've got to look at regulation. I mean we always believe in higher capital and higher liquidity. And the regulators are talking about a level playing field. And I understand that the risk-weighted asset calculations aren't done the same everywhere. So that they say that they'll make sure they incorporate that in their thinking. That's not the only -- you got to look at all of it. If American banks can’t have tax deductions for [indiscernible] and overseas banks can, well that's one thing. If American banks have to demand margin from end users, which I'm not sure is going to be the case, from nonfinancial end user derivatives, well, the business will go elsewhere. And so, we just want to make sure it's fair in total, including SIFI charges because if every country does that differently, that may not be fair either. So to me, I think the regulators and the government officials do say they want to have the level playing field. But why was MSR deducted from capital? It's a perfectly good asset. Why would that be a deduct directly from capital, but not plant and equipment or some other assets or highly liquid loans? Why is the Ex-Im Bank treated differently then super national things are treated overseas? So when you dig into it, there are a lot of things in here that just -- they need to be clarified and cleaned up. I think people want to do that and obviously, the banks have to run a good business. I would also point out, by the way, that when America was still in Basel I, when the rest of the world was in Basel II, and it didn't hurt us to be in Basel I. So you don't have to have exactly the same stuff either to be able to compete.
Douglas Braunstein: Yes, Jason. The $1.1 billion is both our existing and our anticipated costs, right? That's the net present value of those changes. And that's a one-time item. That's not to say, the MSR asset, we're going to constantly revalue. The $650 million, we don't believe is a run rate item, but what I did say is there can clearly be further costs associated with the foreclosure and affidavit issues before we're finished.
Douglas Braunstein: And I would say it's towards -- in fairness, Jason, you'd expect to see more of that towards the back end of the year as we get closer to the sort of market-based, market risk rules.
Douglas Braunstein: We're going to be very -- look, we've got ample capital and we're going to be very careful to the extent that we choose to mitigate. It's got to make sense for us over the long term as an economic matter.
Douglas Braunstein: Ed, the other thing I'd just remind you, we've got a lot of growth opportunities. And we're really actually focused on investing that excess capital in those growth opportunities, and that's where our priority is going to be.
Douglas Braunstein: Yes, I think that's really just a function of some better cost in dollar-roll financing, but I'll get back to you specifically on it.
Douglas Braunstein: You look at IB comp, back that out. And you look at the overhead. Overhead is largely, consisted as a percentage of revenue. The nature of those expenses are different, right? Because we're investing a lot in various businesses to grow them over time. You're going to see some of that in the revenue items. But if you back out all this one-time types of items and you sort of separate out the IB comp, expenses are largely consistent as a percentage of revenue for the last several quarters.
Douglas Braunstein: And John, I think one of the charts just to be helpful, if you go back to one of the charts, Charlie did it at Investor Day, I think he tried to quantify over time what those expenses ought to come down by. That's a good place to look.
Douglas Braunstein: And John, just as a technical matter, you won't actually be able to see -- even though we know there's an increase on the way, you won't actually see that in our numbers until the actual increase is implemented, which is third quarter.
Douglas Braunstein: And remember also, John, in the NIM, you get the reversals from declining charge-offs, and so you're going to see that benefit. We're going to -- that number is going to move around a bunch.
Douglas Braunstein: Those market share numbers are going to move around. Large deals are going to move it. We really do focus on longer-term trends, and we also focus on the revenue line because folks can be involved in things, and they're not making a lot of money. So I would focus really on the revenue line. Generally speaking, we had a number one share in fees. That's because we've got a great client franchise across the investment banking platform.
Douglas Braunstein: We look at our total relationship with clients and the ability to actually provide them financing is clearly one of the benefits that we bring to a client. And it works in significant transactions. The AT&T transaction's a good example of that.
Douglas Braunstein: No, that's -- we have dividend season in WSS and that's going to have a positive impact on the second and the fourth quarter. It's nothing more than that.
Douglas Braunstein: So we had, in aggregate, for our debt underwriting businesses, it was a record quarter, and syndicated loans were a meaningful part of that. Our growth in loan balances, one of the comments I made is you saw balances up quarter-on-quarter. No, it was a $2 billion number.
Douglas Braunstein: That's across TSS, Asset Management to Commercial Bank and the Investment Bank. And that's quite frankly, trade loan, rate loans...
Douglas Braunstein: Matt, it was really -- in fairness, it was across the board. Almost every asset class in fixed income had very strong performance and commodities was one of those asset classes that had very strong performance. Part of that is, we've made a number of investments in that business, that commodity revenue like all the other businesses this quarter was predominately client flow.
Douglas Braunstein: We don't give percentages because it's going to move obviously based on quarter performance. It's had a very good first quarter, but it isn't outsized of any...
Douglas Braunstein: That's right. It's not outsized in any way, shape, or form relative to all those other businesses, very consistent.
Douglas Braunstein: I think you'd expect just from some mix, a little pressure on NIM -- modest pressure on NIM overall next quarter.
Douglas Braunstein: In Retail itself, in that division, it's all about branch builds and the expenses associated with that, in retail banking. In aggregate, for the division, there's the two significant items we highlighted have a material impact on both the revenue and the expense line.
Douglas Braunstein: I guess you have to, right? You're not going to price to lose. You're going to price to win the business and the markets set the price. And if the market's using 7% capital to set price, then that's the capital you're going to use to set price. Regardless of whether you're holding a little bit more or not. That's really my whole point.
