Jamie Dimon: No, we’re required under Dodd-Frank to disclose our stress test. In March. We’re going to do it almost immediately after the Fed’s report. And remember, we do hundreds. The Fed is four. So we look at multiple kind of stress tests, and we’re going to try to give you a full view of how we look at the company under stress. I should point out that a lot of you did it yourselves in the past. You were pretty accurate, some of you.
Jamie Dimon: Just to give you a view, we have $200 billion of equity and $250 billion of unsecured debt. That’s $450 billion. That’s a lot of capital before anyone else bears a loss. It’s not clear to me that subordinated versus just unsecured, and it would take time to develop those markets. You know, if a bank has 50-50 or obviously it changes the nature a little bit over time.  So it will take time to develop, but I think we’re working with the authorities to get it right, to do the analysis right, to have the right numbers. I think you’ve got a little time before someone says it has to be this amount. Remember, we’ve got Basel I, Basel II, Basel III, OLA, LCR, NSF. Just, it will take a little bit of time. I do want to point out that we fully intend, in late 2013, to be at 9.5% Basel III, and to be fully compliant with LCR. 
Jamie Dimon: We had given you some numbers in our annual report last year, about where it’s a no-brainer to buy back stock, which [unintelligible] has tangible book value. Tangible book value is now $38 or $39, so it’s gone up almost $5 this year. So we still think, if you haircut earnings and buy stock at these prices, it’s probably still a good deal. We got permission to buy back $3 billion in the first quarter. Obviously it’s going to be a little price sensitive, and then CCAR will set what we can buy back for the next four quarters after that. 
Jamie Dimon: You can do the same numbers, at today’s prices. If you want to be conservative, discount earnings, buy back stock. At the end of a two or three year period, you’ll have higher earnings per share, and higher tangible book value per share, even at these prices. Seems like a pretty good deal to me. You have a good company, and you’re not going to need the capital down the road. I’m not talking about for one year, but down the road. 
Jamie Dimon: We talked about the third quarter peaking over 200 basis points. We saw the margins compressing from 40 or so basis points in the quarter, and we do expect that to continue into 2013, not at that level. If you go back in time, you would see gain on sale margins more in the 65 basis points. I don’t know if that’s where it will end, but certainly we expect for that to be seen through 2013, but with gaining market share. We hope to keep our volumes up.
Jamie Dimon: We talked about the third quarter peaking over 200 basis points. We saw the margins compressing from 40 or so basis points in the quarter, and we do expect that to continue into 2013, not at that level. If you go back in time, you would see gain on sale margins more in the 65 basis points. I don’t know if that’s where it will end, but certainly we expect for that to be seen through 2013, but with gaining market share. We hope to keep our volumes up.
Jamie Dimon: We talked about the third quarter peaking over 200 basis points. We saw the margins compressing from 40 or so basis points in the quarter, and we do expect that to continue into 2013, not at that level. If you go back in time, you would see gain on sale margins more in the 65 basis points. I don’t know if that’s where it will end, but certainly we expect for that to be seen through 2013, but with gaining market share. We hope to keep our volumes up.
Jamie Dimon: We talked about the third quarter peaking over 200 basis points. We saw the margins compressing from 40 or so basis points in the quarter, and we do expect that to continue into 2013, not at that level. If you go back in time, you would see gain on sale margins more in the 65 basis points. I don’t know if that’s where it will end, but certainly we expect for that to be seen through 2013, but with gaining market share. We hope to keep our volumes up.
Jamie Dimon: And my own feeling is, it will obviously normalize over time, but it may not go that low, because our expenses could also be permanently higher. To be in the business is going to cost more money. And obviously that will be part of what you have to earn back.
Jamie Dimon: The number that Marianne showed you is the Basel III, tier one common, was 8.7. If you look at what I call, for the next two years, passive mitigation. That’s runoff and what I call normal models. So we still have to get certain models in there that -- And this is not arguing with anybody, just models that should be put in place -- that would add almost 1% to Basel right off the bat. About $100 billion of that would be models. $80-100 billion of that would be models. Part of that’s the runoff of some debt or credit which is obviously coming down over time.  The other thing, which I think you’re going to see is, you know, we’re pushing Basel III down at a very detailed level. I think, over time, you’re going to see that drive down Basel RWA even more. And there are things in Basel that I don’t know what the future portends. We have $200 billion plus of operational RWA in there now. That’s like $16 billion of capital. That’s driven very high by obviously the mortgage litigation and stuff like that, some of which will go away. So one day, that $200 billion should come down a lot too. I just don’t know the timetable for that.
Jamie Dimon: Maybe we have to have a buffer. We don’t know what the final rules are for capital. So you already have a conservation buffer, to go below what happens. Obviously, OCI could be a big swing. We had modeled that like 300 basis points would be $20 billion after taxes or something like that. But you can handle that too, because it’s going to come in overtime, and you can manage your balance sheet going forward, your stock buyback going forward. So we really need to see the future rules to make that determination. If we need a buffer, we’ll have a buffer. Whatever that is, we’re going to go there right away too, but we just don’t know what it is yet. And we don’t know whether CCAR is going to drive capital or the conservation buffer is going to drive capital, or whatever. And we don’t know how the [G sif V] exactly works, even though we know with the 2.5% we’ll probably find ways to reduce that over time. So we have plenty of capital. Right now, far more than I personally think we need. But we have plenty of capital. 
Jamie Dimon: Well, unfortunately, that’s a one-year thing, okay? And I should point out, before you ask, that when we started the dividends, we said that the intent would be to increase them a little bit every year, so you should have expected to see that. We’re going to ask for less capital return from stock buyback than we have in the past.  So I can do $3 billion in the first quarter. We’re going to do less, because we’ve determined -- and this is a board-level determination too --- that we want to get to $9.5 quicker. And we don’t exactly know how these stress tests work. So we think, under severe stress, we’d have plenty of capital, but last time the Fed’s numbers were very different. We don’t understand that. And the way CCAR was done this year, it has even more volatility. Basel 2.5 is far more volatile in how you calculate RWA, OCI, and all that than the old Basel I test. So we’re being a little cautious, which I think is what, obviously, the Fed expected people to do. 
Jamie Dimon: The one part that I just want to reiterate is that obviously that’s the one that’s going to be lumpy, and to be ongoing, except the part relating to mortgages. And we’ve done a lot of work on, and we’re hoping that we’re properly reserved there, and they’re not going to see duplication of that. And the last couple years of litigation, a lot of it related to mortgages. Not all of it, but a lot of it.
Jamie Dimon: You got me there. I think if we buy back $3 billion, and what we issue -- I think your issue amortizes in over time as you issue it. So my guess is it will go down a little bit in the first quarter. When you issue a restricted stock, it doesn’t immediately go into fully diluted. That goes in as it amortizes. Remember, this stuff amortizes over three years, generally.
Jamie Dimon: It was bettered by over $100 million versus the fourth quarter last year. The fourth quarter last year wasn’t particularly good, by the way. 
Jamie Dimon: Well, look, you should get to know them, but you can evaluate their quality, their integrity, their brains. And Marianne, of course, has been here a long time. Matt Zames, who’s now co-chief operating… and Frank Bisignano, have both been here a long time. So these are long-tenured, very good, respected employees. And so I know it’s going to work. Obviously, you have to make that evaluation yourself.
Jamie Dimon: Not really. But you know, the CCAR does have this qualitative aspect, which I don’t know exactly what that means, but not really. It really related more to the stock price is higher, and the desire to get to 9.5 quicker. And everyone’s been doing it, and obviously we shouldn’t lag. That’s all.
Jamie Dimon: And just, Mike Mayo, because you had me do a little work after one of your reports came out about stock price. So do this yourself. Take the BankOne stock price from the day before I got there to today, and take JPMorgan’s stock price from the day we announced the deal to today. Compare it to the S&P, the bank index, or all other major firms, and it’s actually rather good. It outperformed in both cases. The bank by a long shot. In both cases the S&P, not by a long shot, but by a significant margin, and almost most other financial companies. So obviously something’s been working a little bit here.  Opportunity? I think the opportunities are fabulous. Next year we’re going to focus a tremendous amount of regulatory requirements, these consent orders, getting things done. But also just organic growth. Small business, Marianne mentioned, is up almost everywhere. Partially in Florida and California, where WaMu gave us the opportunity to do that. We opened our 1,000th branch in California. We’re still going to open net over 100 branches this year. Our credit card’s been growing. The Chase private client, we’ve gone from 250 branches to 1,200 with Chase private client. That number is going to go up to 2,000 next year. It’s really working. So it’s growing dramatically. Our mutual fund complex has been growing. The global corporate bank has opened multiple branches overseas. We’ve gone from 120 global corporate bankers to 286 or something, and it’s going to be north of 300. And it’s working.  If you look at investment banking revenues, out of the commercial bank, when we first got here I think it was like $450 million. This year it hit almost $2 billion. and we think the opportunity continues to grow large.  So in almost every single business, we see very good opportunities to grow, and obviously we operate in a difficult world in financial services, but the investment bank has been [unintelligible] the numbers, but we don’t see why we can’t continue to grow that around the world and serve more clients in more places, like Colombia or some of the emerging markets.  And in commercial banking, we opened branches in states we don’t have branches, which has been focused on kind of larger clients and international. That’s working well. International commercial banking is working well.  And all these numbers are in here. You can actually go through it too. They’re all pretty good. And you’re going to see us continue to focus and grow those businesses in a quality way. 
Jamie Dimon: We’re already fully engaged in meeting all of those consents. And other regulatory demands. Remember, we have changing rules and requirements. We also have a lot of items that the regulators have asked us to focus on, the consent orders. So yeah, it’s a tremendous amount of resource, but it’s not going to change numbers you see. It’s just a lot of people involved in risk, credit, [unintelligible] compliance, audit, HR, all really involved in getting a lot of this stuff right. And we have to do that. And people in the business too of course. 
Jamie Dimon: I would just add that one of the things you learn to live with a little bit is that you could put a mortgage on your balance sheet, and earn, you know, 3.75 or 4 if it’s a jumbo, or something like that. It doesn’t have OCI. It holds more capital, but it might be a wiser thing to do than taking the gain on sale and then buying an MBS at 2.25. So there’s all these opportunities to think through how to manage in the new world, properly, both for the client, and for the shareholder. 
Jamie Dimon: And that may change over time, and get bigger. So we are doing a little bit more, and right now it’s the jumbos, and we’ve done a little bit of, like C-pluses and stuff like that. But there may be others.
Jamie Dimon: I should point out also, we would much prefer loans than securities. Like in commercial bank, credit card, etc. The reason we have securities is we can’t generate that kind of loan right now.
Jamie Dimon: You know, I think the QM was a really big start, and kind of well though through. But it also needs to be coordinated with Basel III, some of these NPR rules, this whole thing about OCI. So all these things are going to affect mortgage a little bit. And a lot of players are involved in that who have to coordinate it. But I do think over time it will open up the mortgage markets. How [rep and] warranty is going to be handled, etc. [QRM], skin in the game. I think securitization will be important. So, you know, if I was the government, I’d want to get QRM and securitization rules fixed as quickly as I can, to allow people to start.
Jamie Dimon: They’re two different numbers, but they move in the same direction. And we’ll probably disclose more about that at Investor Day too. 
Jamie Dimon: The average yield on the investment portfolio is coming down a little bit every quarter. That will continue for a while.
Jamie Dimon: Interest duration. So it’s probably about the same. But I think the important way to look at it is we would benefit from rising rates. So I’ve always said that that portfolio is subordinated to the interest of the company. It’s very short. You couldn’t extend that duration on a lot more income, but then we’d be hurt by rising rates. And we break out the earnings risk from rising rates. The whole curve goes up about 100 basis points. It’s about a $2 billion plus, pre-tax. And that comes through the investment portfolio and loan repricing, etc.
Jamie Dimon: Offhand, it’s hard for me to say that, but I’m going to guess it’s like 30 or 40 basis points. It’s not a lot. To neutralize it. To eliminate. Something like that.
Jamie Dimon: Well, first of all it’s a board-level decision. And in some ways it’s a nice problem to have. But the way you set the question up, you almost have no option. You can’t buy back stock, and you can’t raise your dividends. All you have left is something like that. So we’ll get there when we get there. I mean, we need to see all the new rules and how they’re going to apply, like this conservation buffer. And we may know more by Investor Day, but when we know more we’ll let you know.
Jamie Dimon: The first one is, obviously we do budgets and stuff. We put targets in place about things we’d like to accomplish. We’re not going to disclose it to you, but I did say that we do think it’s going to enhance revenues and reduce expenses a little bit. So a little bit is in there for the CIB and a little bit in there for consumer. And we will disclose more at Investor Day about kind of cross sell and how we look at it, and where we think we can benefit, etc.  And if you look at risk-weighted assets, our balance sheet is $2.4 trillion. We’ve got $200 billion of money deposited, central banks around the world are in repo. Very short term investments. $350 billion in AA securities, and $400 billion in securities borrowed or resales. We have a really, really liquid balance sheet.  I just mentioned almost a trillion dollars of very short term stuff that’s sitting there on our balance sheet on the asset side, and our risk-weighted assets are now $1.65 trillion. They’ve gone up dramatically, because of Basel 2.5, the fact we don’t have certain models in place, but we accept it.  So some of the benefit is going to be, I’m going to call it runoff. Some is from models that the regulators expect people to design and put in place that we don’t have yet. We just don’t have the history. We haven’t done the modeling.  And a lot of that’s around credit-related, synthetic credit type stuff, securitizations, and things like that. So we’re going to put those in place. And that’s not arguing with regulators, they would expect us to do that over time. Obviously, regulators, I know they’re going to look at how people do models around the world, and they want it done fairly, etc. 
Jamie Dimon: You’ve got to do it a little bit by business, because I think in consumer, mostly [sticky], but it’s probably a little bit of tag… Give us an estimate for that.
Jamie Dimon: And you know, TS&S is a lot of seasonal year end deposits, so bouncing all over the place. Asset management, I put in the sticky category. Commercial banking has been kind of flat, but it’s sticky. It’s flat because their loans are starting to grow, and it’s huge. Our commercial has $190 billion of deposits. I think that number was $100 billion three and a half years ago. So they have a lot of money there. We actually expect that might have come down one day, as companies start to grow and expand more aggressively, which would be a good thing. 
Jamie Dimon: That’s a woulda-coulda-shoulda. I don’t know the answer to that question. I think they’ve been put in place… It depends how they would have ultimately been put in place. So they were delayed, to get more work on how it gets done. I think if they’d been put in place for JPMorgan where the rules constrained us overseas, but didn’t constrain other companies overseas, we would be down from what we might now have. If the rules were put in place so we can compete freely in Frankfurt, London, Singapore, and Shanghai, my guess is our U.S. revenues would have been down a little bit, our international revenues would have been up a little bit.   
Jamie Dimon: No. So, private equity is $8 billion invested. We expect to earn a return on that. We obviously have been getting great return on it. So that’s lumpy, but it should be more than $50 million on average. Think of the Treasury as it’s NII. It’s fairly predictable. NII is fairly predictable by quarter. That number will go down a little bit. That’s just how we allocate capital and funds between all the business units. And then how we invest the assets. So we can change that tomorrow by having longer duration of our investment portfolio.  The lumpier part of Treasury and CIO is when we have mark-to-market gains or securities gains. That bounces around a little bit. And again, some of that’s discretionary. So we should almost call it a net loss. And that number, I think the $300 million will come down over time, not go up, for a whole bunch of different reasons, which I won’t go through right now. And then the other corporate, that has net allocations, [voly, coly], taxes, all these lumpy items, and we’re just trying to tell you, it should be, on average, 100, plus or minus a couple hundred, because of the lumpiness of those items. Like corporate taxes, you know, are lumpy, for a whole bunch of different reasons. And so our numbers would be 100 on average. And we always explain the difference if there’s ever a big difference there.
Jamie Dimon: It’s got not a damn thing to do with exotic investment strategies. Zero, nada, nothing. Okay? The bulk of those assets always invested conservatively, AA-plus. You know, we have to do it around the world, so deposits around the world, etc. Nothing to do with that. It’s all got to do with some of the NIM compression that shows up there, because obviously investment portfolio yield has gone from a little over 2%. It was, you know, 4% three years ago. And how we allocate capital and things like that.  The changes you’ve seen, some of them are the differences due to regulatory changes of B3, RWA, stuff like that. So we’ll try to make this a little bit clearer going forward, but on average, that number will come down, not go up over time. 
Jamie Dimon: Yes. So we allocate the new Basel III operational capital, all that. The capital allocations will go up, mostly to the CIB, by I’m going to say 20% or so, and to the commercial bank by 20% or so, or maybe a little bit more than that. And now, obviously, change the return targets of those units. All to be very healthy. It will just come down. The company will be exactly the same. I think if we allocate all that stuff intelligently, we’ll actually probably end up driving better returns over time, as people learn how to manage a little bit differently. So, again, eventually it will show more. We’ll be allocating out, think of it as everything at one point, LCR, [G Sif V]. Basel III, Basel II, whatever comes down the pike, we allocate out, so our managers can manage through it.  And the other thing we haven’t decided permanently is how you look at each business. Because my thought has been, but it’s open for debate, that the business should be capitalized the way its competitors are going to be capitalized, so they’re free to compete in that category. I think the people lump their capital ratios around their competitors. I think it would be very hard, for someone, for example, to run with 7.5% capital and all their competitors are at 10%, or vice versa. 
Jamie Dimon: No, cost is cost. It’s nothing to do with that. I’m talking about capital, saying we may capitalize the commercial bank at 8.5% and the investment bank at 10%. It may not be 9.5% for everybody, because they have to compete in different environments. So we haven’t figured out exactly how to do that yet.
Jamie Dimon: Folks, thank you for spending time with us. Marianne, great job. We’ll talk to you all soon. Thank you.
Marianne Lake: We talked about the third quarter peaking over 200 basis points. We saw the margins compressing from 40 or so basis points in the quarter, and we do expect that to continue into 2013, not at that level. If you go back in time, you would see gain on sale margins more in the 65 basis points. I don’t know if that’s where it will end, but certainly we expect for that to be seen through 2013, but with gaining market share. We hope to keep our volumes up.
Marianne Lake: We talked about the third quarter peaking over 200 basis points. We saw the margins compressing from 40 or so basis points in the quarter, and we do expect that to continue into 2013, not at that level. If you go back in time, you would see gain on sale margins more in the 65 basis points. I don’t know if that’s where it will end, but certainly we expect for that to be seen through 2013, but with gaining market share. We hope to keep our volumes up.
Marianne Lake: We’ll do that for you at Investor Day in a lot of detail. I think the way to think about our adjusted expenses going forward, you should think about them being flat to down in terms of direction. And we’ll go through all of that for you in February. 
Marianne Lake: I think in part that’s it. I can get back to you with more specific details. It did come down slightly in the quarter. It does reflect the combination of our full understanding of all the rules, plus some model changes and everything else in the quarter and BAU activity, but we can get you more detail.
Marianne Lake: We’re continuing to grow our deposits very strongly. We continue to grow our loans very strongly. You saw core loan growth up 9%. So all in all, we’re generally holding pace with NIM compression and hope to do the same next year, plus or minus. 
Marianne Lake: Yeah, so Matt, you would have seen that we pretty much portfolio all jumbos we originate right now. We price them to great returns, and we will continue to do that. We like that asset. I think, overall, across the firm, we did $5 billion of jumbo this quarter. And so you should expect to see that continue. 
Marianne Lake: I would say that’s [unintelligible] in line with that. We have excess cash, and excess capacity at central banks, and that’s what that reflects.
