Marianne Lake: So I mean, again, I would say that the pipeline coming into 2016 in M&A was good, solid, up, in fact. Obviously, volatility can dampen the confidence of Boards and CEOs. Dialogs are pretty active and we think the types of deals that we'll see in 2016 will look different. But I think in the first couple of weeks it's not being particularly strong and we do need to see some of the stability come back I think for us to really see that conversion start to pick up.
Marianne Lake: Yes. Less mega deals, more mid-sized deals, more cross border, it's a little different. Actually more deal count, less big mega deals could be very constructive for revenue but we're likely to see it be a little bit different in 2016. But honestly the pipeline is good. And, yes.
Marianne Lake: North America will be a tough comp. It was very strong in 2015, but Europe could be very constructive.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So the way we do our reserves, just for context because I think it's important is obviously the oil price outlook is important and instructive and it's very clearly going to drive how we think about probabilities of default and loss given default [for certain] [ph] customers. But I think it's also the case just for context to know that it is very name by name specific, specific conditions at clients matter greatly and so when we do these estimates they are directionally correct and order of magnitude correct, but that's just for context. Oil, we said last quarter, if oil reached $30 a barrel, here we are and stayed there for call it 18 months, you could expect to see reserve builds of up to $750 million and that assessment hasn't fundamentally changed. So it is not the current market expectation that oil will flat line. It is the expectation right now that there will be a modest recovery. Based upon that we would expect to take some additional reserves but for them to be more modest, less significant. But that's kind of the range if oil's at $30 and stays here for a long time, up to $750 million.
Marianne Lake: Forty eight. So hey, Mike, the other thing to know about the sort of profile of reserves, three things. The first is, it's not linear. So just the oil price decline and the decline in the forward curve that we saw towards into December and to the end of the year, that's the impact it had on our reserves. It's fallen significantly in the first two quarters. That was not a knowable condition and we can't reserve for that at the end of the year. That's why we said we would expect to take some more reserve increases in the next couple of quarters. But again, it's a name specific thing and lots of other conditions at clients' matter including their hedging, their cash flows, the level of security, all those things.
Marianne Lake: So let me just deal with where are against our targets. So the most notable targets were $2 billion in the consumer businesses in 2017 versus 2014 and $2.8 billion in the CIB in 2017 versus 2014. You probably heard my comment, but to clarify on an apples-to-apples basis we're halfway through on consumer. We have done $1 billion this year. You don't see that 100% translate into the results partly because of legal expense which is not something that we particularly can predict and hopefully won't see that forever. Also because we intentionally decisioned in 2015 in the fourth quarter in particular, mostly, to increase our investments in the consumer businesses by $150 million. So we've achieved the $1 billion. We chose to reinvest a portion of it. Another $1 billion we're on track for. We will potentially reinvest some of that too and Gordon and we will talk to you about the basis for that at Investor Day. On the $2.8 billion in the CIB, we're $1.3 billion through at the end of the year and we talked before about the fact that the first $1.3 billion is largely on business simplification. We've had the revenue decline. We need to have expense decline and we worked hard to deliver that and we have. The next chunk is to do with technology and operations and infrastructure and organization and it's harder. And so we will continue with them on track to deliver it, but it's going to be a job through 2016 and into 2017.
Marianne Lake: Yes, I can give you some thoughts that won’t totally satisfy you which is our core expenses will continue to trend down on the back of delivering against them. We will make investment decisions that we think are good for the company, accretive for shareholders, that will respend some of that money. And so we'll give you that shrink and grow at Investor Day.
Marianne Lake: So just on NII, yes, we are seeing embedded in that sort of NII flat to slightly. We are seeing a nice lift associated with the rate hike in December across businesses as well as the continued benefit of the mix towards loans in our balance sheet, but we were flatted in our NII this quarter by $178 million on securities gains in CIO. So that's going to mean the comparison is changing and day count is obviously seasonal. So that's being dynamic. We are seeing the rate benefit. We do expect to see it as I said in my remarks for the full year. Look, we think we are appropriately conservative on deposit meters. It is not -- it is way too early to have any idea. Virtually nothing has moved yet. And so our job and what we are doing is paying very close attention to the competitive landscape. These deposits that we're talking about that have the high basis are valuable deposits with valuable clients for us and we want to be competitive and pay fair rates. But it's so early in the movie that we haven't changed much in our modeling assumptions. 
Marianne Lake: So energy, metals and mining, we're watching very closely industries that could have knock on effects like industrials and transportation but we're not seeing anything broadly in our portfolio right now. We're just watching very closely, which is why -- now, obviously, you can take our reserve build number and you can say it's almost essentially all made up of oil and gas and metals and mining and behind the scenes we've had upgrades and down grades of a number of other different companies across sectors but nothing particularly thematic yet but we're watching.
Marianne Lake: So based on that with the obvious caveat of what happens with oil prices and energy over the course of the near future, yes, we would still expect our charge-offs to be relatively low.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So look, we talked about achieving 4% last quarter I think and for disclosure we were quite close to 3.5. At that point it becomes increasingly compelling to want to look at the margin for what you could do to get within the bucket and so that is what we did in the fourth quarter is spend time really focusing on getting to that achievable boundary which we thought at that point its was. And remember, if not nothing in the year that we started the year thinking we would exit $100 billion of non-operating deposits and while there still could be some volatility in that number of course, we've almost doubled that or doubled that in fact. So we got some wind to our backs in doing it. It's also the case that when you get the entire business and company attuned to the sense of urgency and desire to want to be increasingly efficient in this way, that at the margin in our 100 different things little benefits accrue. So we're at about 3.5, we're just inside the 3.5% bucket as best we estimate it. It's not as much important whether we're basis points or surcharge points below or above it, it's much more what we do now to get safely in the bucket. And that's going to still take work. So that's why he we'll obviously talk to you more about this at Investor Day. In terms of the give up from an economic perspective we wouldn't have done it at any cost. We have done it because we think it is important to do because we think it's going to be constructive for the company and because the revenue give-ups were not significant but they weren't zero either. But to be able to reduce a constraint that is in one way or another likely to bind us in multiple ways in fact likely to bind us. It was a -- I think very good trade.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So our total reserves on balance sheet for metals and mining notwithstanding we built $60-odd million. This year it's over $200 million. So the coverage ratio is pretty good. The exposure is about -- I haven't got the precise numbers in front of me. They're a third the size of our exposure to oil and gas. So that 2% of our overall wholesale credit exposure. So considerably more modest, which is why if energy prices and general commodity weakness and stress stays where it is right now, even for an extended period we would think that the incremental reserves would be considerably more modest.
Marianne Lake: And so both oil and gas and metals and mining in our portfolio, oil and gas is close to 60% investment grade and metals and mining about half.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So with respect to home equity reclass, remember the majority of the problematic home equity underwriting for 2005 to 2008. So here we are at the beginning of 2016 with sort of [indiscernible]. But we're monitoring it closely and we have some reclass that have happened, obviously interest rates are low. Home price appreciation on the other hand [indiscernible] and there are puts and takes. We've been monitoring I would say at the margin or more than at the margin at early stages coming in better than we had modeled and remember from an incurred loss perspective we would consider these reclass risks to be largely incurred. So we tried to reserve them to the best of our ability, so we feel good about our reserve but I think we disclosed them. But so far from a performance perspective, I would say slightly better than our models but we continue to monitor it because it's still relatively early.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So, obviously, you'll forgive me because we've been on call since it came out but yes we have been working on this for years. The problem with this particular rule is as you stated based upon the four QISs that were done there were some -- I would characterize significant challenges with respect to the rules as written and we were expecting there to be a number of meaningful changes and there have been. In many cases meaningful improvements. But it's very technical and there's been a lot of changes so we need to suture it to figure out net-net everything. Although it is clear that net-net despite factors the faith and intention of the committee wasn't necessary to increase market risk capital across the industry, it will be higher but by how much it's really going to need to be sifted through and for that same reason, for both those same reasons, I'm sorry, for the reason that the rule has not been stable and there have been significant questions, many of which have been either addressed or partially addressed many I guess that have not. It would have been premature to have taken any actions in advance of figuring out where this has landed and you as you know the period, so the comply is three years. So it's more of a start from here to figure out how to manage with this after we sifted through the details. So I wish I were able to give you a little bit more of a detailed answer but we're going to need to take the time to go through it.
Marianne Lake: Well, there are always actions we can take to reduce the impact. And so we have to think about them in the context of our overall capital optimization program, and again, if there are -- if some of the things that we hope -- and honestly I've been on call since it came out. Some of the things we hoped were going to be addressed have not. They could have had or may have meaningful impact on the specific types of activity. And we will have to react accordingly. And yes, we will take actions if that's the right answer. I wish I could give you more details but we just need to go through it.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So, I would say that based upon our sort of fourth quarter balance sheet given that market risk was a driver, given that balance sheet levels were a driver particularly on standardized, we could give back on standardized as much as 10 to 20 bps of capital, of the 10.7% capital accretion. But the bigger points on the RWA outlook is that we expect to be bound over the medium term by standardized and standardized is going to always have a neutral to upward pressure as we continue to grow these high quality loans. So even though the RWA is being at the 1.5-ish trillion dollars sooner than we expected is obviously good news regardless of how much that may in the short-term reverse. Our job is going to be to continue to become more efficient to try and keep it there just given the natural upward pressure of the standardized calculations. We can become more efficient in advance but we're unlikely to be bound by it in the medium term. So that's what we're focused on. I wouldn't take the 1.5 trillion in read through that we'll be continuing to decline from here on standardized. We'll be continuing to work hard to make sure that we can grow those loans that we love but that have [indiscernible] under a standardized basis.
Marianne Lake: Okay. If I missed something at the end remind me. So in terms of how we think about buffers just really conceptually, the firm manages and the Board has set for the firm a risk appetite. That risk appetites has a number of features and capital depletion in a stress environment is one of them. And so when we think about setting buffers we think about it just broadly you in the contexts of allowing ourselves enough room to absorb losses within our risk appetite and not have to take premature actions from a capital perspective. So but having said that, our buffer has been pretty consistent at the 50 basis point level for a reasonable period of time and we'll update you on all of that at Investor Day. With respect to our target, it's a little bit more complicated than minimum regulatory capital because as you say we're bound potentially by multiple constraints and one of them may be CCAR. Plus -- well, it is CCAR I should say because as you know the first two quarters of this year, our capital distribution plans have already been approved. And we haven't done CCAR but this is not any kind of prediction, but it wouldn't surprise you to know that it's unlikely we will pay out 100% of our earnings in CCAR going forward. So we are on a path to continue to accrete capital though we would like to move in our payout range. So given that we're still moving towards our 12% target and we will update you if any of that changes at Investor Day. We'll also as you know potentially going to understand whether or not the Fed changes any of the CCAR parameters and whether that has an impact. So at the moment the best we know is that we're going to continue to accrete capital albeit more slowly as we hope to move up in the payout range. But we haven't done CCAR yet. And that's if the rules don't change. So 12% is for now.
Marianne Lake: So think about in a rate scenario when you can pick whether you believe the market, or whether you think the market is or whether you believe the [indiscernible]. And I think it's going to be data dependent. So we're not going to have a stated opinion on that. But because of the mix in our balance sheet in 2015 as well as our expectation of continued loan growth we would expect mix to contribute about half of that and the first 25 basis points about the next half because we are more sensitive to the front of rise and the first 25 basis points. And you can see that in our earnings and risk disclosures. So even if we see nothing else. Obviously, we believe and the market believes that you're going to see a couple more hikes. That would be on average another 25 basis points. That would be incremental NII again.
Marianne Lake: I would say I would think about them in a somewhat similar directional way, given that our balance sheet ended below $2.4 trillion. A little bit of it market delivered a lot of it purposeful. But we do intend to continue to gather deposits and extend loans and portfolio loans as well. So while you will see some security balances decline and the like, I would say again net modest growth, about modest and very lending driven.
Marianne Lake: So in terms of the impact of rates, obviously, there was a lot of monetary policy confusion broadly in the fourth quarter, the ECB underwound the Fed. There was a lot of confusion. By the time the rate hike happened it was obviously pretty well understood. We did see strong activity or strong client activity relatively speaking on the back of that in the rates business, more so than necessarily about spreads. With respect to the fixed income business, we've always been very disciplined about how we think about the staffing levels and expenses in that business. We've managed it very carefully. The compensation has come down across the trading businesses and it wouldn't surprise you that some of that -- a lot of that has been in fixed income. And business is upscale and productive. So --
Marianne Lake: Yes. I mean think about the bank loans as being relationship loans that need to be sort of in the context of relationship and everybody is they --
Marianne Lake: Also, it's very, very competitive. Everybody has been chasing these loans. And so that's a factor too. So we haven't seen it yet.
Marianne Lake: And so while the repricing is helpful and everybody is going to continue to always observe their pricing. We built our platform internationally, Europe we are seeing strong demand for our traffic product. In Asia we're adding clients. We've got the wind to our backs. So it's an important business to our clients. You're right there are some other people potentially not going to be as aggressive and if we can take share, we certainly will.
Marianne Lake: Well, obviously we expect any transition adjustment to go through equity. If we are able to adopt it early we might do that. I'm not aware that we are.
Marianne Lake: So, yes, obviously it was -- I think if you add up other servicing rules, print them out, put them on the floor and stand them next to me they're a foot taller. They are very complicated. There's a lot of operational complexity to complying. And we're working very hard at doing that. I would say in the quarter we did as part of being cautious about making sure that we're complying, our cycle times were a couple days, few days worsened. And so volumes, our origination volumes are a little lower than we would have otherwise seen that's a lot. And that's just timing and it's just days. But not really from a financial results perspective because of the way we recognize revenue. So I would call it a little bit of teaming products across the industry, by the way, not just us, nothing significant. We are going to get the work finished and so it talks. It is what it is.
Marianne Lake: Yes. so, it's about 60% jumbo, 40% agency or conventional performing and it's a better execution decision. So when we look at the better economics between selling or portfolioing the mortgage we'll generally choose the better economics but we also prefer the annuity nature of the NII, the lower servicing risk and the better capital efficiency. So it has been the case over the course of the last several quarters that it has been the best execution to portfolio of these mortgages and actually they are generating a nice return on equity. 
Marianne Lake: We have had pretty big tax gains over the course of the last -- most notably over the last quarter, of course, the last couple of years. Most of those related to the sort of call it 2003 through 2008 tax period when we were going through the financial crisis and so some of the matters were more complex and we took appropriate reserving decisions on that. There are many less of those very complicated matters ahead of us and so we wouldn't expect to see the same sort of size of tax benefit going forward as we've seen in the past. But we had some this quarter. So we'll have a few and generally speaking they are because of the nature of the reserving perhaps generally speaking we take a conservative approach and bias to the positive but it could be much more plus or minus zero at this point.
Marianne Lake: So do I think it's plateaued? I think it remains incredible competitive generally, particularly in the co-brand space. So plateaued at a very competitive level I suppose. But in terms of -- I'm not going to talk about any specific names, actually, Brian in terms of the potential for repricing. It's an important part of our business and we're going to defend our business.
Marianne Lake: Well, it's a Board decision and so neither have we received that guidance from the regulators nor have we done CCAR and had that discussion yet with the Board. But we have generally said that the Board likes to have the flexibility to increase dividends over time and we have had our dividend most recently sort of at or close to that soft cap. So we would love that capacity and I would imagine that over time it may be used but again, it is a Board decision, not a management decision.
Marianne Lake: So, from we do have -- so, first of all, I would say the following. Right now my understanding and if I'm wrong forgive me is that your spot balance sheet two years prior that would drive your two years forward. But the reality is, if you want my opinion given that we're going to be reporting quarterly going forward and because of the likelihood that G-SIB may or may not feature into CCAR. I think it's going to be less important necessarily what you're at any one moment in time, but where you are projecting to be or stay. I suspect that we will get the benefit potentially of this, not today. We disclosed our balance sheet. But I think it's going to need to be a little bit more dynamic going forward as it guess potentially introduced into stress test.
Jamie Dimon: I think we try to be very conservative always and so we're not trying to put up as little as possible. You know me, I'd put up more if I could but accounting rules dictate what you can do. And these are baskets -- the real risk is in producing wells, cash flows are down, surprisingly the cost of getting the oil out of the ground has also dropped dramatically and probably much more than most of us would have expected. So you take these producing wells, you take the cash flow, you discount, you discounted it 8% or 9%, you lend against it. And so these are our forecasts. Our energy book isn't that large relative to JPMorgan Chase. We're not worried about the big oil companies. These are mostly the smaller ones that you're talking about these reserve increases on.
Jamie Dimon: And the forward curve is -- at the end of the year for 2016 is like 41 or 42 or something like that.
Jamie Dimon: The oil folks have been surprisingly resilient. Remember, these are asset backed loans. A bankruptcy doesn't necessarily mean your loan is bad; have to be a little bit careful. There is also, Mike a philosophical thing, a bank is supposed to be there for clients in good times and bad times. So it's not a trading market where you try to support clients. So then we can responsibly support clients, we are going to. And we lose a little bit more money because of it so be it. We've done that around the world. We did it in 2007, 2008 and 2009. We tried to do responsibly. If banks just completely pull out of markets every time something gets volatile and scary, you'll be sinking companies left and right.
Jamie Dimon: Now, you point out that credit card, Commercial Bank, middle market, large Corporate credit is as good as it's ever been. Obviously, it's going to get a little bit worse. I wouldn't call it a cycle per se. If you have a recession you will see a normal cyclical increase in all those losses. We're not forecasting a recession. We think the U.S. economy looks pretty good at this point.
Jamie Dimon: Make sure we are trying to do the right things for our clients not just jamming our balance sheet down and hurting people.
Jamie Dimon: The U.S. economy has been chugging along at 2% to 2.5% growth for better part of five years now. In the last two years it has created 5 million jobs. And when you look -- if you look at the actual household formation, car sales, wage, people working, it still looks okay. Corporate credit is quite good. Small business formation, it's not back to where it was but it's quite good. Household formation is going up. So, obviously, market turmoil we all look at it every day but I'm not sure most of the 143 million Americans look at it that much who have jobs and you have a big change in the world out there. People are getting adjusted to China slowing down. When you have commodity prices go down like that there are big winners and losers. The oil companies are the losers. Consumers are the benefit. Brazil gets hurt. India benefits. South Korea benefits. Japan benefits. And those kind of terribly worse and hopefully this will all settle down. It's not the beginning of something really bad.
Jamie Dimon: You've even in fixed income -- we have a very good fixed income operation globally around the world. Rates themselves don't filter through fixed trading directly. I think what Danny was talking about if you have a healthy economies and confident investors you have more volume in things like that. We do see a little bit of repricing taking place. Prime broker, repo, conduit some of those run through FERC. That is going to take place as the world adjusts to new -- all the new capital requirements. And obviously, a lot of seasonality in the business which you've experienced for the last decade.
Jamie Dimon: We've seen no real repricing in loans on the balance sheet. You have seen a little bit of it, people are getting other revenues to make up for their credit exposure.
Jamie Dimon: They bought them. They really repriced in 2008 and 2009. Banks were continue to lend up at existing price but these were long-term relationships. Bank loan not reprice like the markets do.
Jamie Dimon: The number at middle market lending, if I remember correctly, if you look at it by client, 60% of the revenues are not loan related. So clients, they also know what the relationship is to the bank. While we need to make a good return on capital, capital tied to a client is only partially loan related. That capital on its own doesn't earn an adequate return. Simple lending on its own generally not an adequate return business.
Jamie Dimon: I think the better way to look at it is people seem in certain of our businesses and I mentioned those and there are some other ones, capital has been deployed, people have adjusted to the new rules and you've seen pricing go up. But it goes up a lot. I wouldn't count on it going up a lot more from there. The markets are going to be competitive at that point. The use of balance sheet, the cost has gone up. Not loans but most of the other stuff.
