Marianne Lake: Yes. So, I would say -- I would sort of pick up on the tone that you had in your question, which is the level of rates is not surprisingly high. And so, from our vantage point we’re not seeing anything in terms of looking at our current dialogue or for that matter at credit trends that would suggest that this is problematic. With higher rates and we do this all the time, we obviously look at all of our portfolio and stress them for shocks of up 100 basis points even up 200, although clearly where we are now, risks are more asymmetric but -- I mean more symmetric. But, there doesn’t seem to be any extraordinary stress that becomes evident, even if you -- obviously, the margin you’re going to get more but it doesn’t seem to be overwhelming. And it speaks, I think to the fact that low rates have been around for long term -- time. People have had the chance to get prepared. There is a lot of liquidity. And in the corporate space in particular, people have been able to hedge. So, is there an absolute level of rates where things will be problematic? At some point, but we don’t think we’re anywhere near there. So, I’m not saying that there couldn’t be select downgrades; I’m not saying that at the margin, there may not be some incremental stress if rates continue to go much higher, but that’s not where we are right now.
Marianne Lake: Yes. I mean, remember, You Invest, it’s early. Jamie just said, I don’t know if you heard it. Yes and yes. Clearly, we are trying to add products and capabilities and value to our existing clients in an effort to continue to drive loyalty and engagement, and also earn more share of their wallet. But, we do think that the proposition is compelling and that the pricing is disruptive. And we should also expect over time to be able to attract new accounts. So, yes and yes, but it’s early days. We’re going to continue to develop, You Invest, its capabilities to iterate it and improve it. So far, it’s early but good.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So, the answer is generically yes, as we would have expected. Obviously, we have no crystal ball as to the sort of timing and parts of these things. But, it is paying out arguably little slower than we thought, but like we thought. And I would say that our outlook for deposit growth is -- for it to be slower, but still positive.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So, I mean, on the asset side of the balance sheet just a big rule of thumb is that a little less than half of our loans are variable, index sort of prime and LIBOR. And so, what we’ve been seeing -- in any one quarter, there can be noise on one time item mix or whatever else. But, largely speaking, for every rate hike we’ve been seeing on the front end, we’re seeing our assets reprice about half of that and that -- or loans be priced about half of that and that’s what we’d expect. Similarly, if we see sustained increases in the low end of the curve, then we would see that play through into our investment securities yield. Obviously, this quarter while there was a meaningful increase on a spot basis, on average basis that wasn’t the case and particularly not for mortgages. So, it had a modest impact on investment security yields this quarter. But, again, if it was a sustained and more sizeable, we would see that play through yes -- or would rotate the assets into higher book yields over time.
Marianne Lake: So, this is the Interbank Information Network which we talked at Investor Day. And now, we have I think 75 banks and growing signed up to it. I wouldn’t necessarily look at it exactly like that. I would say, this use case at least for now is very much around reducing the friction in the wholesale payment space in terms of inquiry and information sharing and not at this point about processing payments. So, we are still exploring use cases across the board on blockchain. I’m very excited about this and the uptake; it will be I think meaningful. But, I wouldn’t think of it that way, not yet. 
Marianne Lake: Yes. I would just start by saying, I think there is a lot of sort of macro uncertainty, noise and overhang that have been affecting the market over the last few days. So, overthinking any one driver or sort of confusion I think might be challenging. I would say that as we look at the economy, we don’t see it slowing down. It seems to be continuing to grow pretty solidly. There is divergence around the world. So, it’s led by U.S. strength, but still expecting there to be more convergence going forward. So, I actually think that our outlook is still quite optimistic on the global economy, and not to say to James’ point that there are some risks out there. And so, as we -- and also, just to talk about monetary policy for a second. Everything, given that growth outlook, is really sort of lining up for December rate hike and sort of more hikes into 2019 and the continuation hopefully of a steeper yield curve, and that all should be constructive for bank stocks. It is definitely the case that as we’ve been talking about the years now, as the Fed is shrinking its balance sheet and liquidity is coming out of the system, yes, we are seeing deposit growth slow. And there is a natural feedback loop, as you reprice liabilities, you’ll have a natural asset base response. And so you might have slower growth on the asset side relative to the past, but it should be at higher spreads, and that should be how it plays out. So, there is really no change, I don’t think in our expectation of the drivers.
Marianne Lake: Yes. I’ll try to remember all of that. First of all, I would just clarify that when you say wholesale loan growth has been outpacing the industry, I would say that from my recollection, over the course of the last several quarters, we’ve basically been saying in line with, if not maybe even slightly less than in line with the industry, but it is nuance, you need to get beneath it. There are areas where we would fully expect to be growing more strongly than the industry, and those are in our newer expansion markets where we’ve been investing, we’re reaping the benefits of those investments, and we’re growing from a smaller base and deepening into the market. In our core markets, the mature markets, in line to maybe not even quite as we are being cautious given where we are in the cycle. So, I just want to clarify that…
Marianne Lake: We haven’t materially changed our underwriting standards, no. And if anything, I would say, we’re just being cautious of the margin. And with respect to competition outside of banks, it’s definitely true that non-banks are gaining share. And it’s also true that they are structure-wise going to be willing to do and are willing to do things that we are not. And so, for our best clients, we aren’t largely going to lose on price, we would be willing to work on price. But we would walk away on structure. 
Marianne Lake: Yes. Just before we get into expense for a second, if you step back, just a couple of things. I wouldn’t look at any one quarter when I’m thinking about operating leverage, not to overplay seasonality or anything else. But, I would look at the whole year. And tax reform is an important part of that. So, if you look at year-to-date on a reported basis rather than a managed basis, year-over-year, year-to-date, we have about 200 basis points of positive leverage. So, tax reform is a big factor. And then, obviously, we had some private equity losses which are episodic in this quarter’s revenue print. So, I think there is strong growth across the businesses. So, expense number and investments, our expenses are up over a $1 billion year-on-year, in line outside of FDIC and revenue related costs, in line with the guidance we gave at the Investor Day. So, think about that sort of $2.7 billion of year-over-year investments, and we’re working through it. So, we’re on track. It’s different from revenues insofar as it’s more linear. And so, expenses are in line and leverages -- positive leverages are I think pretty strong.
Marianne Lake: I also think -- I mean, not exactly, but if you went back and looked a couple of years ago, what the 2-year forward 10-year rate would look like, it would look much like this. And so, it’s just that it’s been -- because the covers having a hard time pushing up that people are now focused on it, but this is what we would have expected, should expect and higher.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So, when we think about the -- well, it’s not really about competition particularly. When we think about the deposit base and the retail consumer relationship, deposits and rate paid is a important part of it, but it’s increasingly less important, not that it’s not significant. And so, when you think about the value that we give to our customers, it’s not just that but it’s also all of the customer experience initiatives that we’ve had, it’s about convenience, about digital mobile capabilities, it’s about launching new products, new services, simplifying the environment for them. So, there’s a lot of different investments and things to play which might make this kind of normalization cycle look a little different. And so, the way we think about it is we look carefully across the spectrum of deposits, retail and wholesale at what we are seeing in terms of flows and balances and elasticity for our customers on our balance sheet. And that’s how we think about our strategy for deposit reprice. And it’s sort of largely behaving as we would have expected.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So, I would say, and first of all obviously, we’ll give you more thoughts on forward-looking guidance at a future date. But just generically, I wouldn’t really put tax reform as being a primary reason for what we’re doing on investments. I would say that we have identified the opportunity to accelerate capabilities that are consistent with our client strategic long-term goals and so we’ve been leaning into that this year. And so, it was a pretty sizable step up this year acknowledging that. We wouldn’t necessarily expect to see that continue. But, we’re going to carry on investing in technology, adding bankers, opening branches, launching new products so that we’re defending the long-term growth and profitability of the Company. And in the absence of giving you guidance, I would just point you to the fact that we’re still targeting -- not targeting, but we’re still expecting an overhead ratio to be around about the mid-50s over the medium term, which on revenue growth, implies we’ll continue to invest and there is also volume-related costs associated with that.
Marianne Lake: So, you hit the nail on the head with both your question and what that could imply. It is a big area of uncertainty. We do not have clarity on capital broadly as it relates to CECL, including whether there will be permanent capital relief and/or how that will play into CCAR. It is one of the most open questions we have. So, right now, what we know is -- as far as I know, anyway that we don’t have to put the CCAR impacted until -- sorry, CECL impact in until CCAR 2020. So, it’s not sort of imminent question, but it’s an important one, and we don’t know the answer.
Marianne Lake: That’s the data for sure. So, we would encourage the dialogue on clarifying capital treatments with large to be at the forefront of standard set of mind. 
Marianne Lake: And you are right. There is excess capacity in the market right now and that will clear -- it will clear itself out over the course of coming months. And we’re in this for relationships, not volumes. And margins are under pressure as a result, but they will stabilize.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So, I’d say, on the margin point, it’s been the case that for particularly in the sort of more liquid space, you’ve seen margins coming down consistently over the years. So, it’s not necessarily that this is some sort of step change or new phenomenon, but it’s competitive. So, that’s what we’re seeing. On the SPG side, pipelines aren’t strong at this point. So, we expect the fourth quarter to go much like the third.
Marianne Lake: Sure. So, as you know, we’ve been talking for a couple of years now about the fact that we did some targeted credit expansion in the card space a few years back. And naturally, as that seasons, it will -- risk-adjusted returns that are healthy, but underwriting loans with higher loss rates, which means that as that seasons that the overall portfolio loss rate will naturally increase, so, the higher the percentage of newer vintages are, the higher the loss rate will be, in accordance with our underwriting standards and at good risk-adjusted returns. So, that’s something we’ve been tracking and guiding to, and expecting. The build this quarter was more about loan growth than it was about the seasoning of the charge-off rate, but it was a bit of both. My comment about the performance though is if we had looked at the 2018 card loss rate as we did at the beginning of the year, we said we would have expected it to be closer to 3.25%, but there are three things driving it to be slightly better. The first is the pre-expansion vintages are holding up very well. So, the pre-2015 vintages continue to hold up very well. The second is that as we have continued to observe the newer vintages, we’ve been rigorous in terms of, at the margin, doing risk pullbacks and ensuring we’re managing the performance really well. And the third is that we’ve been improving our collection strategy. So, a combination of factors have allowed us to deliver, apples to apples, a charge-off rate for the portfolio that’s a little better than we would have expected coming into the year.
Marianne Lake: Yes. And obviously, in this portfolio, as we go through the cycle, we would expect charge-off rates to continue to rise. And that’s one of the reasons why I emphasized that the pre-expansion vintages continue to be that kind of -- you’ll remember we hit that 2.5% charge-off rate, which is extraordinarily low for this kind of portfolio, and we’re still there for those pre-expansion vintages. So, naturally, as the cycle matures, we will see that rise, but we aren’t seeing it yet.
Marianne Lake: So, on the loan side in auto, I would say that we are losing share as we competition from credit unions and captives that may have economic frameworks that are different from ours. We are not going to chase volume. We’re going to get the appropriate return for the risks. So, we are -- our credit reflects our discipline on pricing and underwriting standards. And so, it is continuing to be flat to a little better. On the leasing side, we do leasing with our manufacturing partners. We are seeing very strong growth. We’re very careful about how we think about residual risks and reserving on that portfolio, but it’s very high quality growth. And that looks set to continue.
Marianne Lake: More the latter than the former. So, obviously, we have a view of what we think the right return profile for these businesses should look like. And we’re investing to deliver those returns through the cycle and over the long term. So, we don’t have an operating leverage target in mind when we set our investment strategy, nor do we for that matter have an expense target in mind either. So, again, we saw a reasonable step up year-on-year this year because we saw the opportunity to do that well. I wouldn’t necessarily expect to see that kind of growth. But, again, operating leverage is more of an outcome, not entirely, but more of an outcome than an input.
Marianne Lake: So, I appreciate that you guys have been asking about this now for a while. And I hate to tell you that the modeling, the data, the methodologies are complicated. So, operationally, we are working through that across all of our businesses. We continue to expect to be running in parallel through some parts of 2019 across some of our portfolios so that we can make sure that we fully understand the potential implications. We don’t have a number for you. But, I will tell you this, same as I said last time. The biggest driver is likely to be card because of the size of the portfolio and the 12-month incurred loss model today. So, the weighted average life of the portfolio driven by revolvers would be longer than that most likely. There will be some other impacts, pluses and minuses. Research reports have been written. I think on average for those that have been written have suggested that not just for us, but across others that the reserve increase could be 20% to 30%. And while I don’t have a number for you, it’s not implausible.
Marianne Lake: I think if you go back a number of years when we were all having those like deep and meaningful debates about whether we should be changing our FICC operating model. And we were committed to the full spectrum, complete platform. You roll forward to 2016, there was outperformance in fixed income. And coming in -- and people had made changes to their operating model and operations. And the competition came back pretty fiercely, I would say, into 2017. And then, in 2017, the market didn’t play nicely, particularly the volatility and volumes were less robust than they’ve been in 2016. But we haven’t seen the competition let up. So, people are back and wanting to enjoy. Jamie just talked about it. The fixed income wallet will double and pretty much, everyone everywhere wants to enjoy some of that. And so, the competition -- it’s a combination of -- it’s been very competitive for a while and it continues to be so. So, I don’t think it’s a step change, but it does obviously feel particularly when volatility has been reasonably contained outside of specific emerging market kind of areas that everybody is competing for these thin margins.
Marianne Lake: So, if you think about the -- we’re sort of gaining share most notably in cash and prime. And if you go back a number of years ago, we were pretty open and honest about the fact that we weren’t where we needed to be in either of those two scenarios, and we have been consistently investing in the platform, and it is technology. Think about prime with -- building out of the prime platform, particularly internationally has been a game changer. And we’ve had a best-in-class competitive offering over the course of the last couple of years. And now we’re getting the momentum of being able to deliver that to clients. And similarly, we’ve been investing in the cash side. So, it’s across the complex, but we’re getting the benefits of the investments we’ve been making. I also think that the relationship effects of having the equities business with our private bank and with the commercial bank, the feedback loop is also quite powerful. So, it has a little bit to do with our operating model, our platform as a company.
Marianne Lake: From an underlying growth trend perspective, I would look year-over-year rather than sequentially. I sort of point out the sequential points because of seasonality, we also exited U.S. broker/dealer business. So that obviously has an impact. It is also the case. So, if you think about the year-on-year growth of 5%, we have been growing more than that, led by very strong growth in NII. For this business, this is a wholesale business where deposit bases are high. So, we would expect that growth to level off, and in this quarter in particular, just the specifics of our internal transfer pricing is that LIBOR OAS narrowed and it just had an impact. Year-over-year, continue to expect us to grow assets, asset-based fees, NII solidly but not as strongly, and transactions. So, I don’t know whether it’s going to be high single digit or mid single digit growth year-on-year.
Marianne Lake: Not on the retail side, not yet. There’s not a sufficiently compelling rate differential to be driving into product migration on the retail side yet, but we are seeing it on the wholesale side.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So, commercial loans, we’re 4% up year-on-year, flat to 1% up sequentially. At this point, as we look forward over the near term, it feels like that kind of steady growth GDP plus, GDP is what we’re going to get. And remember, everybody has a different mix, but one of the things that happened quickly with tax reform is that the government healthcare hospital not-for-profit space was less compelling from a loan sense, and now are going to be more compelling in the capital markets. So, we’re seeing that impact our growth down. So, I would say that not quite mid-single digit growth feels like a decent outlook, all other things being equal. In terms of the capital markets, well, I would say that the third-quarter pipelines coming out into fourth quarter and momentum sets us up for a decent fourth quarter honestly, across products. Clearly, volatility depending upon how long it stays around and what the drivers are, can impact business confidence. We’re not necessarily expecting that. So, I would still say the outlook across products is good with ECM obviously being the one that would most likely impacted. But even there, I think it might be more of a sort of temporary set of pauses as people see how everything is digested. And honestly, on market, no good ever comes of trying to predict what a course will look like after a couple weeks. And volatility is not necessarily a bad thing. It can be constructive in some ways and less in others. So, there’s no good coming of a prediction at this point. I will say one thing about markets, just to give you guys a tiny view, which I know you now, but just because of tax reform and another one-off item in the fourth quarter, flat year-on-year comparably would be up.
Marianne Lake: So, it’s difficult to generalize. And obviously, everybody has sort of a different risk appetite. It might be fine if you’re getting properly paid to grow more quickly. We are sticking with our guns in terms of our underwriting and risk appetite on credit. The other thing I think you have to bear in mind and again, it depends on the particular situation of any competitor is that we are materially and increasingly bound by standardized risk-weighted assets. And so, while we don’t overthink that and we do honestly think about economic capital, at some level, we have to generate a positive return for shareholders and shareholder value. And it’s on these very high credit quality loans that we’re producing, it’s expensive.
Marianne Lake: So, I would say, if you look at the first four hikes, it was relatively muted deposit reprice across the complex. It accelerated for the last three hikes, I’m excluding September, given obviously, when it happened. So, we are seeing an acceleration in betas. And it started at the top end of wholesale and it will migrate through the complex over time. I would say, it’s in line to arguably better than we would have modeled, but remember that this cycle did start in a very different place. So, in a while if we looked at history, we might have seen reprice in totality having been higher at this point, we started at 100 basis points of rates, not 25. So, I think that plays into it too. So, generally in line with expectations is what I would say.
Marianne Lake: I would say, yes. Obviously, it depends on how you position the company over that period. But we talked about it before we were and have consistently been relatively short the market. We’ve been keeping dry powder so we could invest as long as rates go up. And we still are looking at that. But obviously, there’s convexity in the portfolio too, so, paying attention to that. Yes, I agree.
Jamie Dimon: I think, I noted that the market may not take it that well if rates go up and -- because it’ll surprise people a little, people shouldn’t be surprise. And of course, so many things have changed as we’ve been through this before, like monitory policy, liquidity ratios, capital ratios et cetera. So, I was also pointing out that -- just about probability that rates can go higher, people should be prepared for that; they should not be surprised about it. So, I’m always surprised when people are surprised. And the why is more important? You’re still growing. The economy is strong, rates are going up. Most of us consider it a healthy normalization, and going back to a more of a free market when it comes to asset pricing and interest rates et cetera, and we need that. So, to me, overall, it’s a good thing, particularly because the economy is strong. And so, I do expect rates will continue to go up. We don’t bet the company on that. That’s just my own expectation. I have a -- I would put much higher odds in it being at 4% to most of the people, but again, the economy is strong. So, as long as it’s normalized strong economy, it’s a good thing. The economy could be strong for a while. I mean, Marianne pointed out wage is going up, participation is going up, credit has been written as pristine. Housing is in short supply. Confidence, both small business, consumer is extraordinarily high. And that could drive a lot of growth for a while, in spite of some of the headwinds out there.
Jamie Dimon: I’ll just make a macro point too. As the Fed reduces balance sheet -- just say by $1 trillion over the next 18 months or whatever, which they indicated they’re going to do, that’s $1 trillion out of deposits. That will have an effect kind of macro competition and stuff like that. And we try to estimate the big points, is it coming out of wholesale, kind of retail? It’s hard to know. But that will change the competition a little bit for deposits.
Jamie Dimon: It seems to me that every single time there’s a chance to make things more procyclical or less, we make it more procyclical.
Jamie Dimon: No. I would just add that mortgage -- the mortgage company is earning money, is doing quite well. Delinquencies are way down; we’re competitive. We started Chase My Home. So, you can digitally track your mortgage process. And there’s a lot of good stuff coming. And so, the big picture is pretty good. Obviously, refis and new home sales are probably down because of the rates a little bit.
Jamie Dimon: I’ll just make a long-term point here too. In the next 20 years or so, the total fixed-income markets around the world are going to double. And that is just an important thing to keep back in mind. So, when you run the business, you run the business to capture your share of that doubling, and of course, margins over time will come down, and the way you do it is being transformed by electronics, et cetera, but it’s a pretty good future outlook.
