James Dimon: So we have to -- you have to apply under ICAP, whatever it's called, to regulators to increase dividends and buyback stock. We already announced we had the permission to do $8 billion. It's quite obvious to us, we have a lot of extra capital and cash, not just in the next short run, but over next several years, and we will apply for more as appropriate. I can't tell you exactly what they're going to do.
James Dimon: You couldn't possibly be as frustrated as me, okay? So I think -- so you're right, it's how you calculate it. A lot of things going to happen, Glenn. For example, I think it will force competitors in a lot of areas because of the higher number. So you're going to find a lot of people, they wouldn't be able to survive at 7 in whatever business we're in because all the other competitors will be at 8 or 9 or something like that. So assuming your numbers right, it is not a huge drag on returns, but it also gives the opportunity to trade and pick the businesses you want. So I think you will see a lot of very tight management, RWA businesses, balance sheet items. And a lot of ways I personally go waste of time, but that's what'll happen so that you can get good adequate returns on capital. In some ways a G-SIFI will be a plus. You'll win business that other people will have hard a time competing for us. In other things, it could be a negative. Like, for example, owning consumer assets might be a negative. On the other hand, you can originate, sell, securitize, so you can still be the generation business, but not necessarily holding the asset business. And I also think you'll see plenty nonbanks good and bad are grow -- to handle and own some of their asset classes and other forms of securitizations do the same thing. So it's a long road and I still think we have very good businesses when all is said and done.
James Dimon: We just -- we have deposits coming in, in middle market, TSS, and we accept those deposits. We have to investment them. So it's not a deliberate building up of liquidity. It's just dealing with the deposits as they come in. Remember that liquidity is only 1 side of the balance sheet.
James Dimon: Right. So Greece, Italy, Ireland, Portugal and Spain is still about the net exposure, so it's net of collateral and it's non-sovereign collateral, about $15 billion. Think of those exposures are to banks, sovereign and Corporates. And we're managing that exposure. We have a big business in those countries, and we intend to be in those countries for long time. So we're not going to cut and run. In my Chairman's letter I wrote about worst case, which I do not expect to happen even today, that if it causes me $3 billion after-tax. That's my best guess, by the way. So that could obviously be dramatically different, but I still don't expect that. The real impact of failures over there would be on what does it do to the global economy, what does it do to other exposures in Europe, what does it do to exposures in the United States? And you can guess that as well as I can. I don't expect it will be a disaster for our French and German banks. Obviously, we have exposures in France and Germany and elsewhere, but I think those things will probably be fine.
James Dimon: Here's the problem with the numbers you see because there is a public disclosure that shows those 5 countries like being $100 billion, right? But that $100 billion does not include collateral. It does not include hedging. And we do a lot of hedging, both specific name and country hedging. So that's the issue with that. So my $15 billion is net of hedging, net of collateral, and I mean non-sovereign collateral. So we wouldn't include Greek collateral -- Greek sovereign collateral for a Greek repo. We only include collateral outside of Greece. So that's where the $15 billion comes from. That's the best estimate of the exposure. It bounces around all the time. Then there were some reports in the press today, I saw that Greece and -- I mean, that Germany and France was $300 billion. Same issue, and those are very gross exposures and the numbers would be 10% of that.
James Dimon: Yes, we're comfortable with the $15 billion right now. The bulk of that is in Spain and Italy. And a lot of that is also Corporate and Corporates are -- you've got to be very careful when you talk about -- and even when you had failures in Argentina and Mexico, a lot of the Corporates were okay. So you got to be very careful of those. We've been doing business with those countries for a long period of time. So -- well, our current thinking is that we're going to continue to do business there and manage those exposures. We're not trying to drive them down. And I hope that 1 day, some of these European nations appreciate the fact that we're not cutting and running.
James Dimon: Well, when you say manage the risk around that, that's a tough one to answer. The risk around -- when you're talking about just a downgrade risk, I think that's manageable, but that will cause problems and issues because something people need AAA collateral, some people can own. So it will cause issues. I don't think like the downgrade issue. But a government default issue is far more severe than that, and that will cut across intraday lines, revolvers, take down revolvers, money market funds, securities lending, something like $3 trillion or $4 trillion of treasuries that uses collateral around the world. It would change the pricing of securities. Some buyers, some owners will be forced to sell because they are not allowed to own defaulted securities. I don't know what the rate agency would do if the United States goes in real default. If it goes in real default and they keep the United States at AA plus, I don't know. If they move it down to D, which is default, that would cause a lot of other issues if people will be forced to sell. So there's a huge cross-currents in that and it's not the kind of thing that, I think, people should play with. And what surprises me about the conversation all is in -- you could talk about all the potential catastrophic outcomes, but no one can possibly say, in my opinion, who is semi-rational, could possibly say that there's no chance of a catastrophic outcome and therefore, why would you take that risk.
James Dimon: Well, first of all, it's so far out, so we're -- I think what we're saying now is that we originally made a statement, we're going to go to the 7% right away. We're at 7.5%. We don't need to be higher than 7.5%. And I'm not sure the regulators want people to move higher than that very quickly because they do believe that would cause a lot of banks to dramatically reduce their balance sheets. We're going to generate so much excess capital, but there's no need to be over 7.5%. So one of the things that will drive excess capital is the runoff, and what I call natural mitigation. There are certain things in the balance sheet that will runoff that are big users of capital. Think credit hybrids, re-securitizations, lower rated things, and then there will be other decisions we make over time of business we may not want to be in because they use up too much capital. And so it'll be a wide variety of things, but I think at the end of the day, we'll still be able to get very good returns for our shareholders and the capital we do deploy.
James Dimon: That ratio is going to drive up so fast, people are going to be surprised. And that's not just us by the way. I've mentioned this before, you're going to see a lot of banks in the U.S. and maybe some banks around the world start to generate huge amounts of excess capital, where everyone is in a different time zone. So maybe some banks maybe 1 quarter or 2 behind us, but it'll happen and then they won't know what to do with it. That's what's going to happen. We're going to have huge excess capital in the banking system in about 12 months, way beyond what the banking system needs and God knows why we have to hold all that capital, but that's where we are.
James Dimon: No, we've estimated agency put backs and obviously it's changing the timing issues, but we've given what was our best estimate. If we see a different thing, we'll let you know. We've been a little conservative on that hopefully.
James Dimon: Yes, so it's $1 billion. It's very clear. We're not going to do anything that's not consumer friendly. So a lot of "recoupment" will be and some of this already happened with debit rewards programs and we're going to test various things. And you already have some checking accounts that have modest fees. And so we're going to come up with something that will help mitigate that a little bit.
James Dimon: Yes, so the reason -- you're right. It should run lower than $1.2 billion, but embedded in our thinking is that home price go down a little bit. There's a lot of uncertainty. We still have the DOJ and the AGs. There could be changes in how we have to modify loans and service loss. We have foreclosure delays and all that kind of stuff. So we're just trying to be conservative here. It's not likely to be higher than $1.2 billion next quarter.
James Dimon: We're going to look at every possibility and there are a lot of restrictions to what we can do because they blocked off like a charge card with automatic deductions at the end of the year. we're going to look at every possibility and hopefully offer our customers great products and great services, better than some of the nonbank competitors and get paid for it.
James Dimon: Yes, but we're not going to tell you what we do day-in and day-out, but we brought $3.5 billion around these prices. And like we said, we have good [ph] capital generation, so we have permission to buy more.
James Dimon: So GSE, we think we're done. The foreclosure delays and settlements, et cetera, we have an estimate. My guess is it's a little bit higher, but it's not hopefully not a huge number. MSR work will be done. It could be a little bit -- but it shouldn't be a lot more. And the private label stuff will probably go up a little bit, but I doubt it will go up more than the reserves. We're going to have to take down in the next 12 months. It's possible we're very over reserved in mortgage line too. So that's litigation. It's going to take -- we think it's going to go to litigation, but we don't know how you can do it the other way. So that's why we have it under litigation, and we're not going to disclose exactly the numbers for that.
James Dimon: Well, we don't look at NIM, okay? NIM is just -- we look at like we have profits and we have clients. So the clients are paying us deposits. You don't really want to trim them away if they are good clients. So even if you have to invest in a very small spread, you probably would do that, right? It's improving your business. And obviously, what we are constantly managing our interest rate exposure and rates going up will help us, whether we could change that tomorrow and increase our NIM, but then you're taking far more exposure against rising rates.
James Dimon: It's just -- well, it's everything we've done a little bit from the last quarter. But all the businesses pretty much continue to have pretty good flow, client flow businesses.
James Dimon: Mike, your guess is as good as ours on that. Of course, it's possible that some of these things start to get worse and it cause severe problems. And so we're very conscious of that. And how it flows back to United States, it's hard to tell.
James Dimon: Yes, it's a good business, but it's less than 20% of $1.9 billion of total Investment Banking fees. And the balance sheet -- remember only some of that stays in the balance sheet. We sell old loans. We syndicate loans. We have just great stuff that goes off the balance sheet. So the buildup, most of buildup, I think Doug already mentioned, was Global Corporate Banking and the conduit business, which we still think is a good business. But the syndicate business, the Investment Bank balance sheet, loan balance sheet stuff bounces all over the place because corporations always have the ability generally to go to the markets. So they're always decided between bonds and loans, and even of the loans, some of that's -- a lot of that stuff gets syndicated.
James Dimon: Well, Mike, we have tremendous visibility on next quarter already just by looking at delinquencies and roll rates. So you have very good visibility 1 quarter out and some visibility 2 quarters out. If that rolls off -- we won't be that long off next quarter, put it that way.
James Dimon: Well, we're not going to give you one, but if things continue the way they are, it'll be pretty good.
James Dimon: No, so you'll see the full effect of Durbin which will be fully felt in the fourth quarter. It will be about $250 million and it will be barely mitigated in the fourth quarter.
James Dimon: I would do anything to get it done today, but our counsel advises us it could take quite a while. There are a lot of parties engaged in this and I doubt if people have gotten much closer on it. But if we get that call, we'll be on an airplane, we'll be down there and we'll be signing up. One of the reasons to do that is it's good for the United States of America to get behind us all this stuff, to fix it and move on. The delay in foreclosures and all the insurance mortgages is not a good thing for the economy. I think you understand that. So we can't wait to do it as soon as we can. It's got to be done right. We're not going to do it and be subject to double, triple jeopardy. We'd rather litigate it.
James Dimon: There are always other pluses and minuses and you'll see some of that when the 10-K comes out because we have to disclose that now. The 10-Q, I mean.
James Dimon: I'm not sure what you mean by plan B. We're not going to stop growing our business and hiring bankers and opening branches and growing checking accounts and trying to do more trading business and making middle market loans because you have a peculiar interest rate curve. And if it squeezes margins a little bit in some places, so be it. We could change that in 2 minutes. So if you wanted to increase NIM, we could just increase interest rate exposure and increase NIM.
James Dimon: It's not that difficult. This will be fine. We'll figure out ways to price products and services and make a margin, we'll be fine.
James Dimon: Well, you're making a good point. We have a -- we are blessed to have one equity partners, which we just think an exceptional group of people and obviously, we always say about Private Equity, those gains in sales are going to be lumpy. They're not -- we're not like Warren Buffett in this one. We prefer 20% lumpy with -- average but lumpy returns than 12%. And so over time, this number go up or down, but it's real earnings for the company. It's just you can't book into your model every quarter, but it's real earnings for the company and we expect to get those 20% returns over time.
James Dimon: Look, we don't know the final rules in that yet. And remember, that stuff will be in effect for 8 years, so give us a little time on that one. But we would certainly use our capital. We thought there were things that we can do that were great for shareholders, whether it's buying a company or buying assets. So if you have any brilliant ideas, give us a call.
James Dimon: Right, but we didn't have a lot of that either, did we? So I've already said it was non-sovereign collateral. So if some of these things have collateral, that's usually pretty good. We're very careful what we take as collateral. Some of the hedges are not perfect. There are some countries CDS hedges that are offsetting company type of exposures, and we have specific name exposures that are sometimes directly offset, so -- and some of it is in the trading book or derivative exposure would change over time, but we're -- that's why we say the $15 billion and we're pretty concern around it. And obviously, you couldn't make money. You'd be more sort of better than you think, but it's not going to move by $15 billion. You're talking about being plus or minus $1 billion here or there.
James Dimon: So I think I can categorize it, is that spreads have normalized. They come back to normal for a while. Obviously, it changes in every business a little bit, and that flows have been good. They have been good fairly much across all the products. There are some months we're lower than others, but it's really those 2 things.
James Dimon: I think a little bit was a flight to safety and a little bit was that just people managing their own balance sheets and there's a lot of liquidity around the world and some of it went away early in the quarter, but not all of it.
James Dimon: Yes. I don't think in the wholesale businesses you're seeing repricing yet, because I don't think a lot of these things are actually effective yet. I think you've seen some repricing in consumer business and more relating to all the other legislation, card, overdraft and stuff like that. So I don't think you've seen it exactly yet in wholesale businesses.
James Dimon: We're not even in stage 1 of repricing. Remember, there are a lot of other changes coming too, margin requirements and how these things get applied globally, the liquidity requirements, which I think will cause some repricing, so -- but very little yet.
James Dimon: Yes, I think you're going to see repricing in certain types of deposits and certain types of loans, certain types of revolvers, shorter duration -- I think you're going to see those things. You haven't really seen them yet.
James Dimon: Yes. I guess, again, so one that's going to happen is reducing the maximum size what they'll guarantee from like $750 million to $630 million, whatever it is. We don't think this is going to have a substantial impact, but we can go in one -- I think there was 1% of the volume was done enough -- in between those levels. So the impact of that will be jumbos will go up a little bit and where you sell the agencies will go down a little bit. Most of the changes they're talking about are not in the near term. They're just talking about them to be effective years from now. And so there's plenty of time to figure out how to do that. At the end of the day, we'll be in the mortgage business, and I think it'll return to being a good business. It will be much more conservative, much more carefully done. There will be much different servicing standards, and -- but I don't think the announcement is going to change that much.
James Dimon: It's going to go down 10% or 15% a year until it's close to 0. That's where it's going to do. The world isn't doing subprime any more. The world isn't doing -- well, so home equity will just come back to a number and then stabilize, but it's a lot lower than it is today. And jumbo is a decision that you make whether to put on balance sheet or not, and I think that class of asset will be most affected by some of these G-SIFI thing. So we'll see on that one. We can buy or sell portfolios anytime we want.
James Dimon: Well, remember, it's the board that is the primary driver of capital decisions and so -- no, if the board -- if we think it was appropriate to go to talk to the regulators again about capital, we would.
James Dimon: Right. So I think it's important to point out, the board is responsible for this company, not just the regulators. It's still America. Capitalism is still alive. The regulators start making all capital decisions, then they should the board.
James Dimon: It's a bad way to win. We want to see United States to be happy and growing and jobs. That's what we want to see. And if for some reason, that's not great for JPMorgan's share, so be it.
James Dimon: Well, I guess as part of our repayment has just been a mix to much higher quality clients, more transactor clients, so some of that was expected. It's going to stabilize soon. And so no, the rate may not actually change at one point. We'll eventually have growth in that portfolio anyway.
James Dimon: Yes. So I'm saying, I do this by business, okay? If you are a company right below the G-SIFI, and some of these G-SIFIs or SIFIs have a lot more capital, you may start losing business because of that because it might be easier for boards and investors and people to say, "you know what, leave those deposits with the G-SIFI, put it over here." So I'm saying they may become a small competitive disadvantage for the non-SIFI. And so I could see that you're going to -- I could see you might hear from some of the smaller banks, that they're going to be forced to hold the higher capital numbers for competitive reasons. I don't know about that, but I'm just -- look, I think there are going to be a lot -- I think when you do something like this, like a G-SIFI where they're going to give all these reasons why you have to do it, I think it's going to cause a lot of distortions, which are hard to figure out today. I can win some business because of it. I think there are things that are not in the balance sheet because of it. I think you're going to see some small banks complain about it, not realizing that's going to hurt them competitively. So I think -- I just think you'll see a lot of to-ing and fro-ing because of this issue.
James Dimon: Yes, I think you're probably right. It'll be more of the global wholesale businesses than maybe the consumer side.
James Dimon: I don't know the answer to that. I think we've been very careful in FHA underwriting, but I can't tell you what those other actors are going to do. There have been so many flaws in mortgages that it's just -- it's been an unmitigated disaster and we really need to clean it up for the sake of everybody. And everyone is going to sue everybody else's. It's going to go on for a long time.
James Dimon: Not necessarily. There has been no change of strategy because there's been a change in management. But I would always -- ask Todd, you can rethink it. If you think we should do something different in different places, different types of branch, different locations, different pace, you should tell us, and we don't mind changing our plans, but no change right now. Remember, a lot of that is building out -- building out where we are. It could make a lot of sense even though it may not be a macro thing, buy you still might want to build-out cities we don't have enough branches.
James Dimon: No, we think they're responsible for the private label issues that came out of WaMu. We bought the assets and certain liabilities and we don't think that was one of the liabilities we bought. I'm sure that will be in litigation, too.
James Dimon: I don't know. We break it apart by business. So we expect the core bank will grow -- that core bank will grow with probably with the trends. We think middle market will grow faster than the middle market trends. Small business was up like 28% or some huge number. We think that will grow fast than middle market trends. Credit Card, we think will grow faster, though, with a little bit of runoff a little faster. And then the -- obviously, offsets mortgage. There's a huge mortgage runoff that's going to continue forever.
James Dimon: Well, I think the home equity product, unfortunately, is a good product that just became part of those -- became part of the bubble at the end, okay, but the product itself is a good product. And how much did we reach in this quarter? We're originating $1 billion or $2 billion a quarter, so we're going to stay in that business. It just could be that runoff, but we're originating what we originated last year. So origination is a very different than total balances in this one. They'll never go back to where they were.
James Dimon: During the quarter, you had a lot of kind of ins and outs in the past few weeks. It's probably more of that than normal this quarter, but...
James Dimon: I think what you just look at is that the retail branches -- it's not a major rollout. We've been doing 120 branches forever, and I was just talking about increasing in to 150, 175 maybe 200. So I think you'll see the retail branch expenses grow over time, but not dramatically, just grow over time. The ones that you're going to see dramatic changes in expenses eventually will be mortgage because we are still baring high cost related to the high level of default foreclosure expenses or OREO expenses and things like that. And I read all the time that we make more money on defaulted loans or foreclosed loans than we do servicing some [ph] loans, and I find that mystifying. I mean, it cost us a fortune to deal with these kinds of things. And so eventually, those expenses will come down. And some of those went to the mortgage MSR and some don't.
Douglas Braunstein: It's a combination, Glenn, of -- we sold some certain assets, the Kohl's portfolio, a mix in our loan balances towards more lower yielding assets and then deposit inflow as you talked about.
Douglas Braunstein: Kohl's, you're right. We had $3.7 billion of assets out impacted NII. We had high -- remember, that was more of a loan trade as opposed to a fundamental business trade, so we had high expenses associated with that. And then fee income is up because we've got more transactors, and that's a function of sales volume.
Douglas Braunstein: Yes, Mike. Asia, just lower volumes. It's a heavily equity-related business in Asia, both in Investment Bank end markets and lower volumes second quarter. Europe, we had good performance this quarter in our markets businesses and in the Investment Bank.
Douglas Braunstein: You're going to have declined pressure from the portfolio runoffs, little less for card over time, but continue in RFS and loan balances are going to drive the aggregate dollars, and we'll see where demand is.
Douglas Braunstein: That's right. So kept the #1 share. Market share actually for us grew a little bit in the second quarter as a percentage matter.
Douglas Braunstein: So that, Gerard, was really a mix-related issue. Spreads on loans, if you look at our Commercial Bank, middle market stayed very healthy this quarter.
Douglas Braunstein: Look, I'm not talking about any one particular person, but there are 50 state attorney generals. And so it's a complex issue, which I think why it's taking so long to resolve some of this stuff. Like I said, it's in everyone's interest to resolve it.
Douglas Braunstein: So backlog is solid, but it's dependent on market conditions for execution on that backlog. Actually...
Douglas Braunstein: The whole company? Let's do -- wholesale, flattish. We've given you what we think the trend is for card, And we've also given you expectations relative to the mortgage business.
