Marianne Lake: We don’t disclose the bank leverage ratio, but it is lower than the holding company, so we would have a further way to go. We’ve said we intend to be compliant at the holding company level by the beginning of 2015, and work on bank compliance shortly thereafter.
Marianne Lake: Obviously the rules are fairly new, and still a proposal and not final, so there’s work to do before they get finalized. We’re working through all of the things we need to do to comply. I would say we would aim to be compliant by the end of 2015, but we need to go do more detailed plans, and we’ll get back to you with more specifics.
Marianne Lake: Yes, so in terms of the cushion, while it’s not scientific, there is a volatility in that number inherent in actual deposit flows. So we do see some things in deposit flow, particularly wholesale flows, and that could span a quarter end and drive the ratio up or down some. So it’s prudent to run that ratio above 100%, and at around about this level. And just in terms of acceleration, we just wanted to get there more quickly. The opportunity presented itself, so nothing more than that.
Marianne Lake: That’s a great question, John, because as you alluded to in the question, there’s a large number of moving parts in terms of the forecast, including points of view on rates, which as you know have been choppy over the last several weeks. So we base our projections on modest loan growth and on our understanding of the implied rate curves, and they could change.  Also, deposit flows, as you’ve seen, have been very, very strong. So we accelerated our LTR compliance back, the majority of the NIM compression we were previously expecting and guiding you to, forward, and consequently we expect to be more stable, with some loan yield compression being offset by lower cost of debt.
Marianne Lake: I’ll just give you two data points and then you can maybe go and have a look at them. But I think in the Q we disclose a couple of things. The first is a bit of a [unintelligible], which says that over 12 months it would deliver about $900 million of additional NII. 10 year going up 100 basis points, I’m sorry. And that’s not exactly what we’ve seen, but it’s the closest thing to what we’ve seen right now.  And then the other thing we’ve disclosed is on a parallel shift of 100 basis points. So if you saw short rates go up too, and that would deliver just over $2 billion over 12 months. And don’t forget that recurs, but it takes time to build up to that. 
Marianne Lake: I would point you to - and I can’t remember the page, so I apologize - but we put a page in investor day that talked about what we thought through the cycle chargeoff rates were for each of our businesses, and so what I would do is take NCI loans and a reserve balance at the end of the period of $3.3 billion, take a look at that page and figure out what a more normal chargeoff rate and therefore reserve balance would be, and that will be in large part our reduction over the course of the next several quarters. So we expect it to be a journey to get to that level throughout 2014.
Marianne Lake: We haven’t done that yet, John, but the reserve release we’ve got in NCI was driven in large part by lower severity, so it would just continue. You might see some of that.
Marianne Lake: What we laid on the page was an illustration. And you’re absolutely right, what it shows you is that we ought to be able to close that gap much more quickly. And so that might very well be what happens. We just aren’t going to come out now with a target of achieving it over the course of the next one or two quarters, because we have other objectives, including the continuation of being able to have some capital distribution to you guys that we want to be able to decide when we do CCAR at the end of the year.
Marianne Lake: But what you took away from the page is absolutely right. Closing that gap should not be difficult, and could be more quick than this, but we want to be cautious.
Marianne Lake: We’re not going to disclose the duration, but there was some changes in the portfolio as we moved out of noneligible into eligible securities for LTR and also maintain more cash. So there were some changes. We also [saw] making gains on sale, and we were doing that.
Marianne Lake: There’s nothing [sinister] underlying it. Let me just give you hopefully enough. It is a little bit lower than 4.7, and given that the ratio for the bank holding company is 6%, then the gap is a little bit bigger. But measured in small tens of basis points, not more.
Marianne Lake: We’re not going to disclose it today, and we can reconsider that. Because we think there are some pretty fundamental issues with some of those proposals, not least of which is the absence of [unintelligible] or [unintelligible] on [max] securities financing, which we believe and are hopeful is going to be resolved. But it is an add-on, and it’s not insignificant.
Marianne Lake: The HPI [unintelligible] on RWA has a bit of a lag to it. So while it did contribute to the reduction in our RWA, our reduction was principally runoff, and some model enhancement and some lower risk. But in part that lower risk was driven by better HPI.
Marianne Lake: June was a bit more challenging, and so it wasn’t as strong as April and May, but it really comes down to the fact that we really do have a client-driven business model, and the client flows, they held up. And so if you surround that with robust and strong trading risk discipline, that’s pretty much how it turned out.
Marianne Lake: All other things being equal, that’s not an unreasonable assumption. But as we said, all things are never equal.
Marianne Lake: Yeah, I think we disclose all of the assumptions in the earnings [at risk] tables in the 10-Q, but yes, it’s short rates staying low and the 10-year going up 100 basis points, I think.
Marianne Lake: You’re not mistaken, which is why if you actually get more of a parallel shift and rates go up, numbers go up by multiples.
Marianne Lake: Activity levels picked up some, and we expect that to carry into the third quarter, so a little better.
Marianne Lake: We didn’t disclose that, Mike, for a couple of reasons. One is that, as we said, the proposals, we think, have some fundamental issues to them. But it would be lower. The growth up to our balance sheet on top of the 3.5 sitting on the page would not be insignificant. But we didn’t disclose it. 
Marianne Lake: Yes, that is definitely one of the reasons, and that’s one of the reasons why we said and of course the timeline could be impacted if there are significant changes to the rules. And that would be one of those changes.
Marianne Lake: Yeah, it’s balancing both, Erika, which is why in response to the earlier question, we said we’ve been conservative on the timeline because we want to preserve the flexibility to consider capital distributions when we do our CCAR in 2013, and it will be a factor we consider.
Marianne Lake: The truly variable, as in transaction variable, portion of the business is some, but the majority of it is related to people and systems. So there’s usually a several-month lag to be able to get that out of the system.
Marianne Lake: Think about it this way, I think that revenue margins will be down on competitive pressures. Volumes are down, and expenses may go up, because volumes are down for a couple of quarters. Sorry, expense margins would go up.
Marianne Lake: Yeah, we’re trying to be clear with you that this would be a significant event if mortgage rates stay where they are or go higher. 
Marianne Lake: Let me just walk you through it. This quarter our expenses adjusted for litigation were $15.2 billion. For the first half, adjusted corporate litigation and foreclosure-related matters was 30.7, which would be against the $59 billion target, which is running a little high, but there are two important factors.  One is in our definition of adjustment, we only adjusted out corporate litigation, so there’s other litigation in the firm. That’s several hundred million dollars disclosed in our [unintelligible] and you can see that. And also, in the first half of the year, we did see outperformance in terms of the investment bank or CIB revenues, and clearly we pay compensation on that, which is a good expense, and we would waive it in all day long.  So if you take the combination of those two things that we don’t technically adjust out, our underlying core expenses are on track for that number, yes.
Marianne Lake: You can’t really think about a run rate trend in litigation costs, because they are somewhat lumpy. So we don’t have a forecast for you and they will go up and down.
Marianne Lake: We’re working really hard on the CCAR resubmission, and you’re right, we’re going to resubmit that before the end of the third quarter. We’re in constant dialog with the regulators, although we won’t receive any formal feedback until we’re in the fourth quarter. And so we’re doing everything we can to be able to be successful in remediating any of the issues they identify for us. And if we’re able to do that, then there should be no impact.
Marianne Lake: Just a point of clarification if it wasn’t clear. Our guidance was that we’re expecting to get our expenses down to $600 million in the fourth quarter from the level that they’re at now which is $715 million for this quarter. So to be very clear. And to remind you, our longer term on rates for that business is $325 million a quarter. So it is dominated by the default side, but there is some core performance obviously in there too.
Marianne Lake: Three years, and know that we’re actively working the portfolio to be able to do what we can more quickly. So you would expect that we’re looking at either sales or subservicing in defaulted loans, and [capacitizing] our performing servicing. So we’re working on all of that.
Marianne Lake: They’re all calculated the same way, based upon the disclosed closed owned volumes that we have to use. So if you take the revenues and expenses and use the closed loan volume for the quarter, that’s how we drive the margins, which is why you see some short term noise quarter over quarter and the increases to actually 116 basis points, because we actually got revenues when we lock loans, but we report them closed.
Marianne Lake: I will tell you that it’s more of what we’re seeing and feeling in discussions and activity with our clients, that we feel like deal activity levels have picked up and may be turning. And the pipeline feels a little better, and solid, but not strong. So we’re expecting that to translate into the second half and obviously as the economy continues to recover and confidence continues to grow, hopefully that will get even better.
Marianne Lake: My comment on that is that Glass Steagall didn’t have anything to do with the crisis, and our business model allowed us to be a port in the storm. Our customers like doing business with us in the model that we have now, so we don’t spend time thinking about it. 
Marianne Lake: Yes, just to be really clear, and you look at the title there, to be clear, illustrative. We just, for the purposes of this analysis, we just held everything flat. That’s not to imply anything about what our capital distributions will be going forward, but rather to imply we can continue to do some.
Marianne Lake: Nothing in particular. Just demand. And I should tender that with demand and the continuation that we talked about of very, very strong competition. And we are, as I said, prioritizing quality over growth. We would tactically underperform rather than chase a deal we were uncomfortable with.
Marianne Lake: If you think about mortgages having some [more releases] because we continue to see delinquencies and severities improve, particularly HPI improvement. And so you should expect that to continue, maybe not at the level that we saw this quarter, because we had a big revision to HPI, as you know, during the last several months. And in card, we’ve had a billion fifty of reserve releases in the first half. Given what we’re seeing, we expect more releases in the second half, but not at that level.
Marianne Lake: And remember, that derivative add-on calculation is a calculation that is currently being rethought by the Basel committee, because of some of the issues with it. So it could also, in and of itself, improve.
Marianne Lake: I mean, to be honest, we were trying to be very transparent and give you some ideas about the sorts of things that we’re considering. We haven’t translated these into detailed plans yet. So we don’t know the second order impact of this yet. 
Marianne Lake: This back up, although sharp, is not entirely unexpected. So every thought about our longer term plans, and when we outlined all of that in the strategy for the mortgage business at investor day, that medium to long term plan does not change. So it may accelerate some of the activities that we have, and have, as we said, some impact on our next couple of quarters results, but the long term strategy hasn’t changed. We’re working the portfolio, optimizing services, trying to take cost out as quickly as possible and grow share. And actually we should be able to grow share even more strongly in a more difficult market.
Marianne Lake: No. Not yet. And as you know, traditionally that would, in any case, lag. Of course that doesn’t mean it will, but that’s traditionally what happens.
Marianne Lake: I mean, as you know, the industry commented, we commented, in terms of the proposal, and we’re generally in favor of it. We think a lifetime timeline is too long. Something shorter would make more sense. I think we need to work that through. It would be implemented over, you know, not the course of the next couple of quarters, but in a year or so. So we’ll wait and see.
Marianne Lake: First of all, the industry groups haven’t fully reforecast the market, so we’ll wait and see what they come out with. We’re trying to be transparent with our guidance at that level. Hopefully we’re wrong, and hopefully it will be better than that. I will say for our own business, we didn’t expect volumes to be down this much throughout the year, had this not happened with this space.
Marianne Lake: As I said, we’re expecting NIM to stay broadly flat from here. We do expect some modest loan growth, our outlook. I’m not going to tell you how much, but some. And then we also have the improving cost of debt, lower cost of debt, on actions that we’ve been taking throughout the first half.
Marianne Lake: Yes, but we also have yield compression, so there’s puts and takes. So relatively flat on NIM, modestly up on NII.
Marianne Lake: We’re growing loans in asset management, we’re growing loans in auto, we’re adding more mortgage loans, we’re expecting some growth in commercial. Our commercial real estate is already growing strongly. We’re expecting some growth in middle market and corporate client banking space. Although, we’ve seen a reduction in CID, we’re expecting that to remain relatively flat. So all other things being equal, that’s net growth. And card, as I said, has hit that inflection point. So that will stop contributing to runoff, net.
Marianne Lake: So, our annual guidance, if you look at the first half of the year, you’ll see that obviously already we are down year to date by more than that amount. So this is relative to the third quarter we expect NII to go up. We’re already down a little more than 1%.
Marianne Lake: We did say at the beginning that we do think that having a leverage ratio is an important part of our capital management toolkit or process, as long as it’s properly calibrated. And so for us the two questions, and I think they’re very important, and the industry does to, so we are participating in the discussions is, as Jamie’s talked about, what should the quotient, or the ratio be, and making sure that that’s not only appropriate but fair across the globe. And also, what should the calculation for the denominator be?  And we’ve alluded already to specific questions, but there are more. One is should high quality liquid assets, and most particularly cash and cash at central banks, be treated the same as other balance sheet items? And then in terms of some of the additional add-ons that are being proposed, we think they could have issued actual issues for the operation of the financing market.  So I think there’s going to be a lot of work that takes place. There are comments due back on all of those proposals by mid-September call it, plus or minus. And I think this will all be worked through the fourth quarter.
Jamie Dimon: And that’s interest rates only, not mortgage volume, investment banking volume. That’s just isolating interest rates only, assuming the company invests the way we’re planning to.
Jamie Dimon: So wholesale, kind of where we should be, we shouldn’t expect much different. Credit card, maybe a little bit more, but then the 100s of millions. And on mortgage, I think we said at investor day, eventually it will a billion to a billion and a half. [cross talk] couple of years.  And KPI, if we have home improvement, we may see some reductions in [PCI] loan loss reserves, purchase credit reserve.
Jamie Dimon: We’ll be able to do it pretty quickly when we know what it actually is. We don’t want to start making actions that affect customers way in advance of knowing the real, final rules.
Jamie Dimon: When rates go up, certain mortgages lengthen, and a whole bunch of different things take place. But in general, the portfolio is several year duration, and a couple of year duration, AA-plus, and obviously it changes over time, so it manages shared exposures. 
Jamie Dimon: We’re not going to say what board deliberations are, but the board obviously has talked about a bunch of ideas. Also, we think we have some of the best corporate governance out there, including what I think is more important than the separation of chairman and CEO, that the board should make decisions based on the circumstances at the time. They know the company, the strategy, the people. That the board always meets without the CEO, the board in total sets the agenda, the board is completely engaged in CEO compensation, the board can hire and fire the CEO at will. And those practices, some are in our charters, some are not, but hopefully it won’t be the distraction it was last year.
Jamie Dimon: A lot of it’s historical. JPMorgan Chase got built through mergers over time, [unintelligible] in the bank, [unintelligible] broker-dealers. We’re going to have to change our legal entities a little bit overseas. So we’ll just have to modify legal entities to accomplish our objectives, and we’ll be able to do that over time.
Jamie Dimon: One of the things I stress [is derivative] receivables and not taking benefit for collateral, which we know we get. So there are a lot of issues in there that need to be looked at and analyzed.
Jamie Dimon: The other important point is one of the things that Basel and all this stuff is supposed to do is harmonize global rules. This is clearly no longer harmonization. We have one part of the world that’s talking about two times what another part of the world is talking about. And I don’t think there’s any industry out there that would be comfortable with something like that in the long run. But in the long run, that has a lot of effects you can’t determine quarter by quarter.
Jamie Dimon: I think our folks in emerging markets also did a spectacularly good job, because I think you might see some real differentiation there from some other folks when all their numbers come out. 
Jamie Dimon: I think we’ve been very consistent how we look at comp and how we accrue it and things like that, after capital charges and by line of business, type of business. So it’s just a change of mix and change of capital, etc.
Jamie Dimon: Yes, that’s what drags up the 5-year to 7 [unintelligible]. Because if you use 1 point, it’s the 10-year, but it’s the yield curve going up [unintelligible].
Jamie Dimon: You saw a real slowdown when we had the volatile markets in June, but we don’t think that’s actually… You know, the market’s kind of opening up again. You see a bunch of IPOs and [unintelligible] deals, and M&A chatter.
Jamie Dimon: I think it’s going great, and the folks in the field will tell you that they’re seeing huge benefits from putting together the corporate global investment bank, the corporate investment bank, treasury services. But you are right, there’s been a flattening out a little bit in treasury services and investor services, which is mostly custody. Some of that’s spread, some of that’s margins. So some of that will benefit also a little bit from rising rates. But we don’t what the peers will show yet. Maybe you do, but I don’t know yet.
Jamie Dimon: You’re absolutely right. When you separate NIM you try to tease it out, and [you’re making them] interest rate, because you’ve got to look at the underlying results, underlying volumes, and things like that. There’s no reason to think that we’re not going to have a good trading going forward, because if the economy is strengthening, and our view is that it is, and that capital markets are going to kind of open up again, and people get adjusted to slightly higher new rates. And yeah, volatility helps certain trading areas. Higher [unintelligible] certain mortgages, they can help other areas. So it’s a whole potpourri. It’s impossible almost to separate it out. We try to do that for you, but I think it’s a little bit of a mistake to look at the whole company.
Jamie Dimon: And just to keep it really simple, we hope to get it to a run rate of $500 million the year after that, $400 million the year after that, and $325 million, where we should be. And we have a lot of work to do in systems, etc. to get all that done. And obviously the costly foreclosure, delinquent stuff is also coming down.
Jamie Dimon: This just came out, so we’re trying to share information with you, and it might, but give us a little bit time and we’ll give you a deeper feel how this might affect different businesses, different products. Because obviously when you do something like this, this will be pushed down, at one point, not just to the line of business, but to the client, and the product, and the country. And then we can answer that question for you.
Jamie Dimon: We’re not going to give you monthly specific… I think our folks did a very good job in June. Obviously when spreads widen out, certain businesses are more at risk than others. I already mentioned that in emerging markets we probably saw the most volatility, both in terms of spread volatility and equity [unintelligible] did a very good job.
Jamie Dimon: Think of it as several hundred million. It’s near the end, for card. And home sale is kind of where it should be, and we’ll bounce around.
Jamie Dimon: You’ve got it exactly right. At investor day we gave you something far more dramatic than 100 basis points. And we’ve already said the duration of this thing is not 10 years, it’s a lot less than 10 years. So obviously the effect will be less.
Jamie Dimon: Unfortunately, the OCI, I hate to say, is not that big a deal. We all know about it, we’re all prepared for it. Rates can go up, OCI gains are going to down. There are 20 basis points, you’re going to see this happen elsewhere. It’s asynchronous. You know, we have OCI going to capital, and the benefits going to earnings in the future.  So if it were up to us, we wouldn’t have actually had this asynchronous [unintelligible]. And we’re prepared, we’re going to have buffers that can repair that. We know how the conservation buffer works, but it’s not that big a deal. And the duration of our portfolio, and you guys could do it yourself, AA-plus, couple year duration, you could almost calculate those numbers yourself, with one caveat. The losses are less as rates go up, because of the [unintelligible] of the portfolio, currently.  And the other thing about this, you can change it overnight at any time.
Jamie Dimon: If you move a trade from central clearing house, it has no charge here, and it has nothing to do with the margin that they put up at the clearing house. If the trade is bilateral with cost, you have the receivable gets [unintelligible], you can’t take benefit from the fact that you’re going to get collateral against it. That’s the way the calculations are done. So any trade you move to a clearing house eliminates that exposure. The margin for the clients at the clearing house is not with us, it’s with the clearing house. 
Jamie Dimon: You know, we had already added in our forecast to you guys some stuff moved to derivatives, how to look at capital. So I do think at the margin this will [unintelligible] things at the clearing houses, but we don’t have an analysis to tell you about that right now. Will it be material? We don’t really know yet. Remember, a lot of the client business, they are also going to determine what they want. It won’t be just up to us.
Jamie Dimon: Obviously there will be stuff like that. Give us a little time. I mean, we’re showing you that we can get to the consolidated pretty easily. Maybe we have to restructure some things and change the capital structure a little bit, move businesses out of the FDIC insured bank and all that. I don’t think any of that’s going to be critical to the future function of our business. We’ll adjust those things to accomplish what we need to accomplish. Give us a little more time. This just came out a couple of days ago.
Jamie Dimon: Let me do the second question first. If you have a world where some businesses have to have twice as much capital as other companies, that obviously over time can create huge competitive disadvantages. I don’t know of any industry in America who would want to compete globally on that basis. We have an interest in a safe and sound system, so we’re not against the leverage ratio, but we’re not for a hugely unbalanced competitive playing field.  So put that aside. The regulators know that. We thought [unintelligible] Basel and all that to kind of harmonize these kind of things. And as you asked about, we show here, anything which is a low RWA asset, including HQLA, revolvers, certain types of derivatives, those things obviously you’ll look at a little bit differently, because of this leverage ratio asset. And we don’t have to do it by business yet. We’ll give you more detail later.  Like, even Marianne had mentioned that we take huge deposits in from countries, and from money funds, etc., that you may not take in because you can’t afford capital against a deposit of a billion dollars that you’re getting from a money fund, that you park at the Fed for 25 days, just waiting to pay the FDIC 10 basis points. You pay the client 5 or 6 or 7 basis points. You’ve got to put 6% capital against it. A whole bunch of things we’ve got to figure out how we’re going to do it, but we want to make sure we manage the client franchise properly. We’ll figure out the other stuff over time. 
Jamie Dimon: Separate the type of deposit, okay? So if it’s a consumer deposit, it has a completely different LTR, how you can invest, the kind of spread you can make. If it’s what we would call, like, big wholesale short term deposits, you’re absolutely correct. We would probably restrict some of that over time.
Jamie Dimon: This is what the issue is with all this. You spend all this time talking about accounting as opposed to business. The business is deposits, serving clients, doing things, and now we’re talking all of a sudden about AOCI. And we have a lot of asynchronous accounting. And pro-cyclical accounting and stuff like that. We try to explain, but we try to look through all of that and build a business. More clients, more bankers, more branches, happier clients, and so all of our business, that’s how we look at it. We’ll work through the asynchronous accounting.  If the loan loss reserve accounting changes, it would add obviously the loan losses, though probably not as much as people think. But we still would run the business for economics in the long run. It wouldn’t change how we run the business, we’d just be holding more reserves, which would be fine with us.
Jamie Dimon: We’re in favor of finishing. We’ve always believed in high capital, high liquidity, good regulation, things like that, and finishing it. Obviously, there are things that all companies have points of view about which would be different, but I think the closer you get to real harmonization, the better. And if you want to start all over again, we’ll spend another five years debating every single thing out there.
Jamie Dimon: Well, thank you for bragging on our trading results. For years, the investment bank is building FX rates, securitized products, commodities, emerging markets, credit, and they’re good. And obviously some go up and some go down.  I didn’t see any regional effects. We trade around the world, and the books get handed off around the world, so it’s hard to give it a region. But we build a lot of clients low businesses, and that was driving it. I think it’s better for the world to have harmonized rules around what Basel’s trying to do, etc., but you’re absolutely correct, it doesn’t have to be exactly the same to have a competitive marketplace, etc.  We always ran with higher capital liquidity than most of our competitors. I just think if one is 3% and one is 6%, that becomes just too big. And over time, you could have huge competitive effects. And the regulators are working out… We all want a fair, safe, sound financial system. That’s in everyone’s benefit, and there are huge capital requirements, liquidity requirements, leverage requirements, stress testing requirements, and among all of that, I think we’re getting there. But at one point, it should be somewhat harmonized. And your middle two questions I now forgot.
