Jamie Dimon: Great. Thank you very much and folks, thank you for getting up at this early hour to spend a little time with us. I just wanted to open real quickly to tell you that this is Mike Cavanagh's last turn doing the Investor Relations call. So it's kind of his swansong, but I want you all to know what a great job we think he has done in a large financial company, in a very tough time, earning respect, getting the numbers, making sure we try to do things right, accurately disclosing things, maintaining good relationship with all of you. So my congratulations out to Mike, I'm excited about his new challenge and you will still be hearing from him in the future, just not on this call. And also to welcome Doug Braunstein. I don't know how many of you know him, but you will have plenty of time to get to know him in the future. Previously, he had been running the Investment Banking USA division including the Bankers and Equity, Debt, Derivative, Capital Markets and extraordinary – extraordinarily talented individual and he is obviously – he's been through this process with us last two weeks. So he is sitting here to listen to have a go, but I know he looks forward to seeing you and I know he will be a great CFO of JPMorgan Chase. So I'm going to hand the call back over to Mike and when he is done, we will be taking some questions.
Jamie Dimon: Hi Guy.Guy Moszkowski – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: First of all, I just wanted to say Mike, obviously, Jamie said it all, but you have done such a terrific job for all of us. I just want to thank you for that over many years at this point.
Jamie Dimon: I mean, I would say Guy, as we’ve talked about before, we do worry about those thoughts, but make sure that when we actually take account of our current period charge-offs and our expectations for future losses, we’re trying to be very cognizant of delays in courtroom filings and backlogs in courts and so forth to make sure that we are keeping current in our losses and our forecast of losses that best we can. So we’re consciously concerned and try to reflect it in what we do.
Jamie Dimon: You know, I think Matt it’s in part I got to hold the side what goes on in the trading businesses. So holding that aside, the level of spread, you know, was down, just a touch and product comes down, a touch again. So it’s really the volume declines across the consumer portfolios that will put, you know, a little bit of continued downward pressure on NIM [ph] dollars looking ahead.
Jamie Dimon: No, it’s going to continue in that corporate line that Mike said is going to come down to $300 million. That’s coming – a big chunk of that is NIM coming down a little bit as we re-position the portfolio.
Jamie Dimon: Right, well credit cards balances have come down and they still run off mostly in the mortgage related areas in WaMu and J.P. Morgan Chase, and we gave you those numbers before. You can just build them right into your calculations.
Jamie Dimon: Listen – look, I think it’s significant that we started to buy back some stock and you know, which means we are value investors. So, think first that we’re making a couple of statements here, and obviously it is one way to manage the capital base and reinvest money on behalf of our shareholders.
Jamie Dimon: Yes, we might. We like – there is a discipline to buyback we issue. Remember a lot of reissue is restricted stock to employees, which sets over time. So, every quarter, mortgage shows up in share count. So a lot of things affect share count, but we as a discipline like to buy back at least what we issue.
Jamie Dimon: Seeing activities again, same as last quarter strengthened what’s going on in small business lending unit, double the level that we originated last year, middle market and commercial is, you know, I’d say it’s similar to what we said before. Plenty of dialogue going on between our clients and our bankers as folks get themselves ready to take some actions, but just not yet really manifesting itself in draw downs on lines or you know, loans going up just yet. Hopeful we get some –
Jamie Dimon: Yes. The first thing about loan losses is you should assume that we don’t like to release loan loss reserves. So it isn’t like you should be saying, well, this company want to do it, to report its earnings, we don’t consider earnings. I’ve always called that income paper. It means nothing, okay, and we like to protect ourselves. So in credit card we have some pretty good insight into the quarter forward, even two quarters forward. But as you all pointed out there is far more uncertainty in mortgage lending, and we are extremely cautious and careful on it. And you know, if we have to take down reserves, put it this way, we’ll take them down only if we have to.
Jamie Dimon: So – we are comparing apples to oranges. A while back when you were talking about derivatives, we were talking about if it all went to an exchange what could that mean. That's what that number was. This is completely different than that and has far more complexities to clients, global competition and it will phase in overtime and we don't really know the effect. But I guess what we really look at is we are going to be able – we want to make sure we can service our clients and we think we will be able to and that's probably the most important thing. Now, we will have some effect on the revenues and margins and volumes, yes, probably.
Jamie Dimon: I'm – I – I'm not sitting here terrified over deflation to tell you the truth. And what we see in the economy is that maybe growth slowed down a little bit in June, but you still have fairly good underlying numbers in manufacturing and servicing confidence, China, India and so – we try to protect our company and we really do – we look at exposure to kind of all the fat tails. So that's kind of one of the fat tails that I think we worry about, but we are not going to run the business guessing that there might be deflation.
Jamie Dimon: Well, I would just maybe saying – I think we have tons of capital and tons of liquidity. But we don't determine regulatory requirements and as you know, Basel III is out there and we think even under any reasonable type of Basel III, we will be fine and we would adjust – if – we would adjust the balance sheet in a way that makes sense. A lot of things in Basel III which would probably dramatically change your business models and we would obviously adjust to that. So we think we are in a great shape. We'd like to see a little more certainty around Basel III and we think there is going to be more guidance coming out in September and then November and our Basel III will be applied.
Jamie Dimon: Hi, Meredith.Meredith Whitney – Meredith Whitney Advisory: Oh, sorry. I was on mute, sorry. Good morning. I have three quick questions. One is on the general impact of wholesale sales to – wholesale loan sales – whole loan sales to third-party servicers and how that impacted results on a relative basis to last quarter, last year and your outlook on that on a go-forward basis. And then I'll wait to have my follow-up question, please.
Jamie Dimon: You are talking about wholesale commercial loans?Meredith Whitney – Meredith Whitney Advisory: Wholesale mortgage loans – whole loan mortgage loans, packages of mortgage loans, because it – if I just sort of try to strip out the charge-offs from the loan balance decline and run-off, it looks like there were some loan sales in the quarter.
Jamie Dimon: Yes, we look at – obviously, we look at what you do and a lot of the people and embed it in some of our reserving and stuff like that. It is a – where we expect home price to go down a little bit more. But we also look at – we also look at how it would be under much more adverse circumstances and we are in pretty good shape. We don't know what's going to happen to home prices.Meredith Whitney – Meredith Whitney Advisory: Okay.
Jamie Dimon: And we don't think anyone knows – we don't think anyone actually knows what's going to happen to home prices.Meredith Whitney – Meredith Whitney Advisory: Okay. And then my final question is last week, a couple of weeks ago, BIS came out with statements on – general statements on bank dividends. I don't know if you had a chance to look at it and offer your comments on this.
Jamie Dimon: That's a policy statement, which I would generally agree with. But there is a judgment call there and –Meredith Whitney – Meredith Whitney Advisory: Okay. All right, thank you.
Jamie Dimon: Just – so just before I talk, I think our business units are much closer to being best in class than you obviously think. The dividend – we have said three things, okay. We want to see the economy get better in terms of employment getting better, we want to see a significant improvement not for a month or two or even a quarter and charge-offs and delinquencies and we need more capital certainty. The first two seem to be getting better; the third, it doesn't. This capital certainty, Basel, et cetera. There – they are all starting to come inside in formation. Hopefully, we will have all of that clearly understood by the end of the year and we would like to reinstate the dividend, we think our shareholders want it. We just want to check off all those boxes so that we don't have to cut the dividend again. And buying back stock is just no way of, in my opinion, both capital management and doing very smart thing for shareholders. In fact, if I had a – my – our preference now would be the stock buyback. When – and a lot of the stock was bought at slightly lower prices than 40, and so that is I think a very good thing to do.
Jamie Dimon: I guess, one of the issues – first of all, there is timing. So when you say size it better, I don't think a lot of you do forecast to go out three years. So you are talking about several years before it phases in. And as Mike said, there are capital effects, there are margin effects, there are volume effects and when you put them all together, we don't really know. So I – it would be less accurate of us to take a guess at that and to tell you we don't know.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. So I think our investment banking and emerging markets platform is just as good as Goldman Sachs, for example. But you referred to – remember that – investment banking, asset management, TSS are very global businesses, they've been global for a long time. So we are talking about augmenting and accelerating some of that. And if you think about it in terms of locations for TSS, we will be adding locations to serve clients in custody and cash management. If you think of it in terms of asset management, we are always adding product and we are adding bankers. If you think of it in terms of investment banking, more bankers, more countries, more coverage, more research. That's not just in the bricks; it's also going to be in other countries around the world.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. So investment – I think the Investment Bank had a great performance, but it is true and we lost a little bit of share in a couple of areas. I think I told you last time that – I told we had a little artificial increase in share, because we were still strong in doing business, one of the people had pulled back a lot. So the competition is back. I think that's a good thing. We are going to have to fight for it inch by inch, foot by foot, yard by yard, mile by mile, and any number in any quarter, it can easily jump around a point or two or three, as you know. So we – the way we look at it is more bankers, better bankers, more products, more services, more coverage of clients and we will earn share. So over the years, I expect the share to go up and not in any one quarter.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. So I think Mike said, credit wasn't as good this quarter, rates wasn't as good this quarter and there was an article in the Wall Street Journal about commodities, so we lost a little bit of money in call. So that's – there is nothing mystical, okay? Spreads and volumes are still good. Spreads are back to where they were before the crisis and volumes are still pretty healthy in our mind and I don't know what the whole quarter is going to look like any better than you do.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. So the 73 basis points includes commercial real estate. And when we say that, it's – we have – it's not bad – these are not bad numbers, we have very little – we don't have a lot of commercial real estate that's risky. Actually, we make disclosures – I think they are still in the back of this presentation that show you by category. It's just that 60% to 70% [ph] of losses are coming out of the total real estate category. That's all it is.
Jamie Dimon: I think that we are extremely cautious on mortgage and we are going to be cautious until this is done, okay? It's – there are a lot of factors that play here, there is a lot more uncertainty in it because of higher foreclosures, home prices, and we just by nature are going be cautious about it. And that is more of a kind of a static look about what it could be like the next couple of quarters, obviously hope it improves.
Jamie Dimon: And Mike mentioned that the early indicators like front-end delinquencies and a bunch other things kind of leveled off a little bit in June.
Jamie Dimon: So it – yes, we've done a lot of work in this too, okay? First remember, some of those mortgages are first liens.
Jamie Dimon: Some of them are second liens with low LTV, okay? A lot of them are fine. But if you were in a HAMP program, we generally take a big hit like the first mortgage does. Think of it that way.
Jamie Dimon: In those numbers, it is pretty much a wash [ph]. Our credit portfolio revenue line has a whole bunch of things going on in it, but not worth. They wash themselves out and fixed income equity markets deviate CVAs pretty much the numbers I just gave 400 and 200.
Jamie Dimon: Yes, think of it is we think we are fine. We do think there is some exposures, and I think to some municipalities more than some of the states. We do provide credit and will continue to provide credit to states, municipalities, hospitals, state plans, state utilities and you know, it is part of our job. We’re just trying to be cautious in terms of credit. We’re not worried about it anymore than other stuff. I think we have always been very tight on it.
Jamie Dimon: Yes, I’ll give you a really simplistic way to do that. If you think your 12-month-old charge off is going to be 8%, you are going to have 8% of reserves. If you think the normalized rate is going to be 5%, eventually your reserves will come down to 5% of outstanding. That is what will happen. This will happen over time. You know, we don’t know exactly what quarter, but eventually, and that is true for a lot of these reserves by the way and that is why a lot of things about reserving is a pro cyclical thing. You put them up in the worst of times, and then you take them down when things are getting better and so, of the $36 billion that Mike mentioned, a lot of that will eventually come back into income.
Jamie Dimon: You know, investment banking is doing fine and the pipeline is fine, but I always point out to you that the pipeline is notorious. It can bounce up or down based upon the environment and animal spurts [ph] a whole bunch of things, but we see a lot of activity in the corporate world. And you know when they start – people start doing more M&A or something, I saw a couple of deals were announced this morning. So we will see.
Jamie Dimon: Okay, I just want to comment on stock buyback because it is really important, unlike – we don’t believe that buying back stock is returning cash to shareholders. So we buy back stock when we think it is a great deal for the ongoing shareholders, not the shareholders we bought the stock back from. So, it is just a little different than other people look at stock buyback and I think that people are still estimating the effect of all the fees, and how it is going to function. And I think that some things have announced are changes in products and platforms, and some things have made changes in deposit rates and some of that. So, it is a little bit lagged. And remember in credit card, in general the credit card companies were already losing a lot of money when some of the stuff got put in.
Jamie Dimon: A lot of them on a stand-alone basis wouldn’t have made it, if they weren’t part of bigger companies.
Jamie Dimon: No. If you look in the businesses, there you will see pretty stable wholesale deposit liability balances.
Jamie Dimon: No. We are not worried about that, and we are not worried about the fair value accounting at all. We’ll figure it out, we’ll continue to grow our client businesses. And we’ll try to be very conservative on reserves and it will be what it is. And usually those accounting adjustments are made it prospectively, not – and maybe one-time adjustments, which people understand.
Jamie Dimon: I think what I said is that all these things will eventually get priced into the business, okay? And that it’s not that we are raising fees. You try to price your product to make a fair profit and treat the customer great. That’s the goal of any business. So I’m a great believer in treating the customer great. And my example was if you can’t charge for the soda, you’re going to charge more for the burger. That’s not a raise in the fee. That’s just adjusting your business model a little bit to do something like that. So we are deeply in favor of good consumer products. We actually acknowledge that some of the changes enable good changes. The overdraft stuff in certain businesses had gotten to be too much and they are too punitive and – so we believe in that. So I – we hope the Consumer Protection Agency does good job of doing things. But you can’t run a business if you can’t earn a fair profit. The important thing you have to remember – take banking, okay? To offer a credit checking account, it costs us $300 a year. For that, you get ATMs, branches, debit cards, access to cash; you get anti-money laundering, which you may not care about, we have to do; you get Bank Secrecy Act; you get online alerts; you get online bill pay; you get a check book; you get all these things. And you got to charge this somehow for that. Right now, you charge at some NII and some fees. It’s just the balance of how that works out. The winners in the marketplace are the people who give the best products, the best services at the best cost to the clients. That’s business. That’s how business has always been. That’s not going to change. And if someone is doing something wrong or inappropriate, we think if they see it, they should go after them.
Jamie Dimon: In my Chairman's letter this year, I wrote about what we are doing to grow every business. So there is six sections in there about every business. Every business has growth plans. And I could say, well, it’s a little more international than U.S. and that’s true and – but every business has growth plans.
Mike Cavanagh: That’s right. The run rate at the end of the quarter is lower as a result of those sales that generated the billion or so $900 million of gains, because I was just pulling forward some of that NIM.
Mike Cavanagh: Certainly just refinements as we’re getting further down the road of opting levels. You know, it is the main driver, little bit less than we had originally forecast opting in and that’s driving the numbers for impact a little higher.
Mike Cavanagh: There will be more pressure in aggregate on the results in card, because we are only about 25% of the way. I got to come back John how much that will be through NIM versus other portions of the revenue.
Mike Cavanagh: But, there are probably more to come, but it is the split of where it will sit NIM versus other revenues. We can come back and give you better clarity.
Mike Cavanagh: (inaudible) probably significant. So wholesale loans actually showed fairly healthy credit. I mean, 23 basis points of loss from the investment bank and 73 basis points of charge-off in middle market. That’s a sign of healthy companies and middle market loans, just take the middle market section, I mean, for the first time in years stopped going down. I look at it as a good sign too.
Mike Cavanagh: Yes. So – I mean, obviously when we talked about the revenue impact, if derivatives going to exchanges in the extreme cases Jamie said, we never then really tried to quantify, just pointed out that that's a capital reducing event as well. So that's the point and some of these activities, there will be capital freed up as the business models adjust.
Mike Cavanagh: – also makes it very hard to put numbers on. The totality of the effects when you take into account timing, first blush issues that change and then capital release and business model change.
Mike Cavanagh: I didn't see them either, Meredith.Meredith Whitney – Meredith Whitney Advisory: It basically said that they wanted to make sure – I mean, I'm absolutely paraphrasing here, that when banks did re-implement dividends, there will be no risk of them cutting dividends again. So it just seemed like they were pushing out the whole dialogue on reinstating dividends to the banks.
Mike Cavanagh: I think that's part and parcel of the thoughts around Basel III that we need more clarity on kind of default.
Mike Cavanagh: And that's between – true commercial real estate and the multi-family lending, both of those running higher than that average. And so middle market – commercial and industrial ex that would be a little bit lower than the 75-ish basis points, which goes back to Jamie's point about the health of corporate America.
Mike Cavanagh: Well, in retail banking – I mean, I guess the big issue with both those things is how much of that will eventually be repriced into the business. If you a restaurant and you can't charge for the soda, you are going to charge more for the burger. And so I just – and my guess is over time, it will all be repriced into the business and we really – it may change the model a little bit, it may change pricing a little bit, it may change how many customers you can serve, it may change the products you roll out, but eventually all will be repriced in the business. And in retail banking, it will probably be – and you see the budget banks do it already, adding monthly fees or something like that. And in credit card, it will be possibly adding higher fees on credit card and a slightly higher going-in rates.Chris Kotowski – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Mike Cavanagh: Yes, I mentioned it – I thought I mentioned it. In fixed income, we had about $400 million of DVA and in equity markets, we had about $200 million of DVA.
Mike Cavanagh: When a first mortgage defaults at a high LTV, eventually the home equity is written off. That is already in the ongoing charge-off numbers. Though, I do believe it delays the loss a little bit. But we try to –
Mike Cavanagh: It is a shocking number, I don’t remember it exactly, but something like half of all – in half of the cases where the first is in default. The home equity is still paying. Remember the home equity is a loan secured by real estate. It is supposed to pay. You are not supposed to walk away from a loan because the collateral is worth less.
Mike Cavanagh: And lot of people who want to meet their obligations, we think is a good thing in life not a bad thing.
Mike Cavanagh: But that is another place where we look to see the accounting rules get away from that pro cyclicality before this cycle is fully over.
Mike Cavanagh: We got a couple of billion dollars. Think if there is a couple of billion dollars worth of buyback in a yearly period just to keep net shares flat going back to another question. So, I would have that in mind over a full year’s time, and $2 billion to $3 billion is the kind of level for that. Whether we push through that is a separate issue.
Mike Cavanagh: I think a lot of corporations are prefunded more than normal their future needs, and the bond markets when the bond markets opened up. So, you know, most people are kind of just looking at all the cash on the corporate balance sheets and say there is a lot, and the way to start spending it. When you start to see you know, plants being built and M&A deals, then you’ll see more real corporate lending.
Mike Cavanagh: Even middle market, look at our middle market business, look at the numbers exactly, but 18 months ago we had 100 billion of loans and 100 billion of deposits. Now we have like 90 billion of loans or something and 130 billion of deposits from middle market clients. So, you could see that starts to show they are pretty flush too and huge unused lines.
Mike Cavanagh: I think you’re making two points. One is we would agree that in the businesses, particularly the consumer side, charge-offs are running still even though they have improved at historically high levels and versus what I’ve showed you at Investor Day back in February. There is still room to go for charge-off levels to get back to what we would consider to be the appropriate level for the risk we are taking and the way we are building our business models. So that’s fair enough. Then reserving, we spent plenty of time talking about, Ron, you get that side of it as well.
Mike Cavanagh: When you look at aggregate, it’s really hard if you do it by business. I understand your point, and you may actually be right in total sometime down the road.
Mike Cavanagh: Right. But we do it the other way, look at what normal charge-offs would be with no provisioning down the road and what would that mean for a total provision. So you may be right. We just haven’t done that calculation like that.
Mike Cavanagh: In challenges, clearly just dealing with the change we have and some of the remaining uncertainties we talked about, and it’s hard to pick any one particular opportunity, but it’s just the strength of all of our businesses that each have places where we are putting lots of resources into, doing more for our clients in expanding the capabilities we have for the long term of this place. Jamie hit on some of the international stuff, products and credit card. I can go on and on.
Ron Mandel – GIC: Hi thanks. Two questions, one is in regard to the repurchase program. You know, if I’m reading this right, it looks like about two thirds of it or one third of it was actually in the quarter, and then the other two thirds of the $500 million was in the current quarter, you know, since the end of June.
Ron Mandel – GIC: Yes. So you know, the – so it seems like the average shares could actually you know, decline, you know, this quarter and if you continue the program decline going forward compared to the average in the second quarter because you know, so much of the repurchase program has been voted into this quarter.
Ron Mandel – GIC: Right, and then separately I have a question about loan loss provision, and you know, the provision relative to average loans is about 190 basis points, and the, you know, your normal charge off level is hard to say what it was and it was just over 100 basis points, you know, in ’06 and ’07, 200 in ’08 and then of course way higher in prices, but I guess I would be looking for the provisions to be matching to normal charge-offs at some point and with this 190 and normal who knows what may be 125 or 150. It seems like we are pretty far – they are getting provisions back to normal if the provision is going to match charge-offs in some normalized world.
Ron Mandel – GIC: Yes, yes. So – but I’m really separating the reserve releases. Eventually the reserve is going to reflect the actual level of charge-offs and – but the provisions – then you will get there with the provision that is based on normal charge-offs. Then I guess my – I think the question I’m asking is that we are probably not actually – the actual level of provision in the current quarter is not that far from what a normal provision might be.
Ron Mandel – GIC: Yes. Okay. I guess my question is, based on this provision, you’re not that far away from some level of normal.
