Marianne Lake: So, I think there is three things -- three or four things to mention. The first is that I would say that the industry generally had a pretty weak third quarter last year. And so, when you think about the year-over-year comparison, we are little flattered by last year’s performance, not necessarily more so than our peers but nevertheless we are. And then, we talked about the fact that this quarter the conditions were relatively favorable broadly and compare and contrast that last year where there were pockets of activity in client flow but there were also pockets where people were really sitting on their hands and not transacting. So, I think client flow quite broadly across the environment would characterize the quarter. In terms of the competitive performance, I would say it feels like we did well. Obviously we’re the first to report, apart from Citi this morning. It feels like we did relatively well. So, we may have gained some share, certainly, hopefully the momentum in terms of the business we’ve been building in the way we are serving our clients, will serve us in that capacity, not just this quarter but through time. But obviously that can be a bit of volatility in the market share space. So, we prefer to look at it more through time and we feel pretty good about the performance.
Marianne Lake: So, I would say, we don’t specifically target a competitive set to -- but, I will tell you that our balance sheet, we talked about it many times on this call before, that we do have the capacity to put our balance sheet and our resources to work for our clients, for our best clients and we think about using those resources in the context of overall relationship. So, if any peer is more leverage constrained and has less access, we may have competitive advantage. And certainly, we will continue to make those resources available to our clients.
Marianne Lake: So, I don’t know Glenn if you recall, we had a bit of discussion about this last quarter and sort of guided to the fact that we would expect to see our loss rates go up slowly, I mean partly because obviously 250ish basis points, I think we could call that pretty low historically. But also because over the course of the last couple of years, we have been changing the mix of our originations a bit to the prime, near prime space and still completely within our credit risk appetite and at risk-adjusted margins that are better than the portfolio average. So, we’re getting paid for that. So, we are doing it within our risk appetite doing it judiciously. But as a result, as those vintages become a higher percentage of our overall population, they will have a gentle upward pressure on the charge-off rate. So, what we’re seeing in terms of the delinquency uptick and the charge-off gradual increases completely in line with how we underwrote those loans and our expectations. And so, as you look forward for us over the course for the next several quarters and we would expect those phenomena to generally continue again slowly, we’re growing our portfolio, we’re going to see the seasoning of those vintages as the mix increases and as they become more seasoned, cause us to build a reserve but for the right reason.
Marianne Lake: So, I would say that all of the things that you mentioned whether it’s closed loop network, whether it’s our new proprietary products whether it’s our investments in the technology platform and the business merchant services are all at good returns that ultimately will drive the business to be profitable in the future as it has been in the past. So, we haven’t given specific guidance for ROE part of this business but nothing has changed over the medium term for what we think that the performance of the business would be.
Marianne Lake: Yes. I mean, it’s a very competitive business and it’s very profitable. So, all other things being equal, we would like to continue to gain share.
Marianne Lake: So, I mean, look, we haven’t given specific cost guidance going out beyond this year at this point. But our objective will remain consistent with those that we stated previously, which is we continue to try and become more efficient across our businesses. As you know, we’re at the tail end but not finished on a couple of large expense programs in our largest businesses, so that we create capacity to be able to invest in the businesses broadly whether that’s in products and marketing and investment in innovation all of which we’re doing as much as we can as long as we do it well. And so, it’s going to come down to if we think we have investment opportunities that we can execute well that have an appropriate return, we would like to keep doing that. And in order to have the right to do it, we would like to become more and more efficient in our core business operations. So, we haven’t actually given guidance, I think I would characterize it as expenses under control, creating capacity to invest but we will decision investment based upon their merits and obviously explain them to you in the future at Investor Day if not on other venues.
Marianne Lake: So, first of all, I would say that based upon the speech, and obviously you know that there are still some unanswered questions with respect to specific parts of the proposal, which I’ll come back to. But based upon the speech moving to a baseline minimum standard is more consistent with how we think about our capital management policy and using the capital stack add-up using our G-SIB Score and our stress drawdown, actually you would come out with a sort of capital constraint on the CCAR that’s pretty much on top of our regulatory capital minimum. So in that sense, because of the offset, because of the lack of balance sheet growth, lack of RWA growth and the curtailment of capital distributions, we’ve actually ended up in a place where we look to be approximately equally bound based on last year’s test by both of those two measures, which is a place we played in for a while. We’ve been -- as we talked about before, we’ve been bound by many constraints, somewhat equally over a period of time and striving to sort of operate within that constraint and maximize shareholder value. And I think we think we don’t know obviously how funding or liquidity shock will be incorporated. And in any case, this is not for the 2017 CCAR cycle. So, it’s a whole cycle away from now. And we will be operating in 2017 under the same basic test construct that we have previously. And so, I don’t think it’s a clear and present danger necessarily that we will be able to look at payout ratios that are above top end of our range. Meanwhile we are at the top end of our range now.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So, I’ll just -- generally speaking with respect to our rate sensitivity, as I think you know we are most sensitive to the front end of the curve but to IOER and prime. So, we do have LIBOR based assets but also liabilities. Good examples would be commercial loans on the asset side or long-term debt on the liability side but our notational mismatch is not particularly big. And so, as a consequence, impact of LIBOR curve move has been not very significant on our P&L, we wouldn’t expect it to be. I will say that the LIBOR moves were one of the features that our rate business had a perspective around and they got good client flow in and around that trade. And so, it was one of the catalysts, one of many, but one of the catalysts that we point to in terms of ability for rates to monetize flow as we had a lot of client flow around that condition. But I wouldn’t put a number on it for you.
Marianne Lake: We obviously did get some good inflows, liquidity flows in terms of money market reform into our government funds but we also have been very focused in our other wholesale businesses on continuing to attract operating deposits. And so, as I look at our overall strong deposit growth, I wouldn’t say it was equally but it was pretty much equally wholesale operating and retail deposit growth. So, we feel good about both of those.
Marianne Lake: So, I might just give for context, remind you or maybe you recall that for a number of years now for a fairly long time,, we’ve been standing up at Investor Day and other venue saying that customer experience is the central tenant for how we think about engaging with all of our clients but certainly our retail clients in the branches. And we’ve been very, very focused on investing in customer experience broadly defined and have made great progress I think in doing that. And also we had talked about the fact that what we are looking for very, very clearly is deep customer relationship engaged customers who want to be primary bank, we want to gather a deeper share of wallet, so balances not necessarily products. And so again, remember saying cross-sell is an outcome, it’s not an objective. And that’s certainly the philosophy with which we have designed our compensation and performance structures for the branches. And we review them regularly, at least annually to make sure that they continue to be aligned with our objectives and again objectives about the engaged relationship with customers, good customer experience in the right product, all the right reasons the right way. And so, as we think about those objectives and how we’ve designed our plan and as we look inward not just and obviously because of the news now but also regularly in our BAU capacity, we feel like our plans are designed to incent those behaviors.
Marianne Lake: So, obviously, first of all, I would say we are on -- I’ll tell you, we are on track with respect to the commitments that Daniel made to you to deliver over time the $2.8 billion of expense saves. While we are not finished yet, we are substantially through that program. So, it’s moved from being a plan through execution to being in the later stages of execution. So, we feel very good about that which means that all other things equal that $19 billion is still a reasonable level of expense target. However, obviously we pay for performance. And so, clearly, if we have significant outperformance next year relative to our expectations at the time of setting those plans, there would be some variable costs associated with it. But for every dollar of outperformance, the variable cost may not always be the same. Obviously, it also depends upon the mix and the payout ratios and all those sorts of things. But a large, large portion of it would be -- it would be obviously as you know incredibly accretive because we will be leveraging all of our scale. So, the only variable cost would really be comped largely.
Marianne Lake: So, first of all, based upon last year’s results for us, we are at the flow for the stress floor for the stress capital buffer, not to suggest by the way that we wouldn’t continue to want to properly understand and better understand how we can through time make sure that we are performing the best we can on the stress within our risk appetite. So, we are at that floor right now. So, within those home strengths, what we’re trying to be, within our risk appetite manage risk properly, but also add shareholder value. We have to carry that capital anyway. So, we would want to use it, but use well.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So, for your purposes, I’m going to talk about NII; we don’t really manage to NIM, but you can obviously back into it. So, if we ended up in a situation right now where rates are flat throughout all of 2017 which for what it’s worth I don’t think is pretty much anyone’s central expectations right now. But if we were rate flat, you’ve seen us grow our core loans and our loan balances pretty strongly, pretty consistently across businesses. And while we may not be able to replicate $0.15 core loan growth forever, certainly we can continue to grow our loans. So on that stuff, mix shift away from securities over time, we should be able to deliver $1.5 billion of incremental NII next year rate flat. You know that if rates are -- if we’re fortunate enough for the right reasons that we see a hike this year, at the end of this year and get the full benefit of that next year it will be higher than that. And you’ve seen our earnings and risk disclosures; they’ve been pretty close to $3 billion number on a 100 basis-point move for a while most of which is front end.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So, we’re aware obviously of the riskier types of CRE lending, the types of lending that attract scrutiny and for reasonable reasons considering how they performed in past cycles. We are also mindful of where we are in the cycle and take that into consideration in our underwriting. So, we have and continue to avoid and what I would characterize as the riskier segments and those segments that performed poorly in previous cycles. So, we really stick to our knitting if that’s an American expression, in terms of continuing to do what we’re good at within our risk appetite. And so, if you think about our commercial real estate growth, commercial term lending is about three quarters of our portfolio. And you know that we’re very focused on smaller loan size, Class B, Class C properties with low vacancy rate. So, rent stabilized, supply constraint markets, underwrite to LTVs, good debt service coverage, we look at forward rates and current rents. And so, we really have expertise in a specific niche and we compete on speed and certainty of execution, not on credit and structure. So, we feel pretty good about our exposures and even in the more traditional real estate banking space and we have avoided riskier segments with limited construction lending exposure, home builders, minimal exposure; we’re pretty disciplined about it.
Marianne Lake: So, we are a primarily prime lender in auto. We are the number one prime lender. We actually have the lowest share in sub-prime among the national banks. So, it’s less than 5% of our origination. So, I wouldn’t speak specifically to underwriting in the lower FICO sectors, not where we play at this point.
Marianne Lake: So, not that I would comment on except for we have recently decided to pull back on 84 months plus term loans on all FICO bands just as where we are in the cycle as we see the risks of that type of lending. So, we continue to calibrate our underwriting but I wouldn’t comment on seeing anything specifically.
Marianne Lake: We’ve built $25 million of reserve this quarter for auto and we expect to continue. We think that auto opportunity is still strong and we have a great franchise, we have great manufacturing partnerships that are growing strongly too. So, as we grow that portfolio, I would expect us to continue to grow reserves modestly in 2017. However, we are expecting charge-offs to stay under control.
Marianne Lake: So, you’re right and obviously even specifically for JPMorgan, if you look our stress results that [indiscernible] by the fed over the course of last three years has been reasonable volatility. And clearly it’s not the case that we will expect it to be complete. And I would not expect to see the same levels of volatility going forward as we’ve seen historically as the test has as you know over time occasionally included new not insignificant features. And while that may continue to be the case, I would think that there’d be a bit more stability. But, we haven’t actually gone through and finalized our thinking about what the buffers would look like.
Marianne Lake: Before I talk about the prioritization of capital distributions, I would just start by saying our capital management policies prior to this year’s CCAR and these year’s resolutions had us making those actions regardless of whether they were allowed to be reflected in a test. And obviously as part of the resolution planning, we have revised our policies to include more granular triggers. So, our policies do with some specificity run pretty granularly through time through a stress speak to the sorts of actions that we would be leaning into and taking even if they don’t get reflected in the test. With respect to the prioritization, look, the soft cap on dividend has been lifted. Dividends are ultimately at still a cost of the baseline minimum standard. So, there will be possibly some natural constraint there. It hasn’t changed at this point anyway, the Board’s determination or management’s determination about the order of priority we would like to continue to have the capacity to grow our dividends. And I think even though there may be some natural constraints, I think it would be above 30.
Marianne Lake: So, we are very focused across spectrum of our businesses on developing better digital capabilities to allow seamless engagement with customers and acquisition through digital channels. There are complexities associated with documentation and standards for know your customer and anti money laundering that we’re continuing to work through but ultimately it should be achievable and we’re working on it. So, we one of the things that we’ve previously mentioned is that majority of our consumer accounts are opened in branches. One of the reasons among others why branches have been important to us as well as advice centers and we will continue to work on trying to see how far and how fast we can move people to be able to have a better digital experience opening accounts with us.
Marianne Lake: I would just -- I’d start by pointing out that about all of the businesses -- all of our businesses, not just the ones that I talked about at the high level, not just macro spread equity, but even if you go a level below that quite granular, all of our businesses did really quite well this quarter. So, not to overuse the phrase, firing on all cylinders but it really was pretty consistent. And normally you might see pockets of more strength or less strength. So, I think it would be hard to imagine replicating this kind of strength through time consistently. But the fourth quarter is seasonally low; we have no reason to expect that it would not be.
Marianne Lake: So, there isn’t a whole lot of really -- it’s clearly news but as we think about all of the FRTB; we talked about before modest and manageable; nothing about that has changed for us, but obviously there are the advanced and standardized credit operational proposals out there. The most important thing that we yet to really -- and there are pluses and minuses in it and it’s different for us and others maybe but the one thing that we haven’t really heard about yet that is how it will all be calibrated. And calibration will be very important. So, we are expecting to hear over the course of the next short while, and maybe that will be delayed from just given some of the discussions and we’ll update you when we hear a bit more about how it will going to come together. But right now, it’s still little unclear.
