James Dimon: I think the way the fed had set it up is that you can request and as we go through our budgeted stuff, we are going to decide what to do. What we used and we usually already had permission for, and like I said, we have a lot of capital generation. The only question is, when and how you use it. And how quickly you want to get up to the higher Basel III numbers, and do you want to get up to there just by retaining capital or by waiting for mitigation and things like that. So, we'll be back to you on that as there are a lot of issues around them.
James Dimon: I think that you are picking up a real change in tone. I think the fact is, we don't know what the rest of world is going to do. It's a little confusing about it, and I think the regulators need to give, not just JPMorgan, but the banking industry a little more guidance. Do they really mean you can leg into this over seven years or do they really mean they want you to do it right away? We could probably do it very quickly if you wanted to, I'm not sure it's the right think for the system.
James Dimon: Yeah, so let me take you to the most important thing, the United States has the best, deepest, widest and most transplant capital markets in the world, which give you, the investor, the ability to buy and sell large amounts at very cheap prices. That's a good thing, and I wish Paul Volc understood that. Okay now, we understand why there's no proprietary trading, that was fine. And these are like, well, I read them all like 178 rules or reporting and compliance around what's profitable market making. We have to be in the position to do profitable market making for our clients; most of our businesses are in market-making. And so this can be commentary, I think the commentary is going to come from the public, which includes you. I hope all of you in this call understand how important it’s not just for your business but the future of the United States. And we hope at the end of the day, we will be able to make mortgage freely. If American companies they have put a huge disadvantage to foreign companies, now this is just we were told that everyone is going to adopt this which we know is not true, but now we'll even bigger deal. So to me we got to keep all these things in mind and make sure it ends up in the right place. And we will be giving our comments to regulators and I assume a lot of you will too at one point.
James Dimon: It’s impossible to tell, because these are just comments and rules and requirements, and it cuts across all of our parts of our company. So they seem to be more prescriptive. I would have preferred to keep it simple, high capital it’s a number of really double and triple capital and liquidity on trading and proper reporting and disclosure, but this is little more prescriptive and may make a little bit hard. Let’s get to work through the process before we have too many comments about it.
James Dimon: Okay, Greece eventually has been ring fenced and restructured, but you don't want to do that disorderly. So you don't cause a problem elsewhere. Eventually, you go by using ECB, ECFS and statements that Italy and Spain are solvent, they just need a liquidity help, which is by the way is true. We believe they're quite solvent. If they had their own central bank and they could print euro, we wouldn't be having this conversation at all. As you know, they can't print euro, so they have central banks, but they can't print in the euro currency, so, it affects ECB or someone else who is standing as the central bank’s private liquidity. I think to do that you want other countries, France and Germany, be very comfortable about, I guess the final point is that is some kind of restructuring of the treaty so people feel that they are not continuing that no one is continuing to take advantage of a system that is flawed, I think it's all reasonable. And finally, I think it's some kind of national programs for TARP that support banks to need help, that’s kind of build to suspend this with other stuff, but you obviously might see that too. If you need all those things, this crisis will be over. It’s complex to get 17 nations involved in it, so I am not saying it’s simple and when I was the politician, it sounds me to have the will just as hard to find the way.
James Dimon: Different people have different things in their notes. So that’s why some people were able to do it in a different way.
James Dimon: I think that we have changed the forecast. It’s about $300 million, $350 million. There has been a huge change in how they’re doing it, but obviously, we’re paying attention just like you are, a little bit. We’ve remodeled into our numbers to some of these factors anyway. So you really got to look in a different than what we modeled in. We’ve built $3.6 billion of reserves. At one point, those reserves have not been accessed while we started taking those down too.
James Dimon: Last quarter we put up $1 billion for a bunch of various items relating to a bunch of various items that we didn’t disclose, okay, but separate from the litigation reserves.
James Dimon: No, no. I’m saying separate in litigation reserves. We put up some reserves for a whole bunch of other items related to potential settlements.
James Dimon: No. We look marketing as big as an investment, so there is a lot of analysis takes place, you can get a return on it. And it’s not all don’t think of that as all direct mail. That’s online marketing, and we have a lot of partners like United Continental, Southwest Airlines, Hyatt, and so they have requirements, and so you see our ads in the paper all the time and stuff like that. So, it really is a wide variety of stuff and it’s obviously a lumpy number. If you look at it year-over-year, it’d probably go up 10%, not like you’ve seen the 20% or 30% that was this quarter.Guy Moszkowski – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, that helps. Thanks very much.
James Dimon: Well, the MSR, when rates go down and things refi, it’s like an (inaudible) drops dramatically in value. So, there's no surprise there. So, all in essence, we hedged it well. The drop in value was offset by the hedging we did, and the other thing is that the total value is writing off because of higher amortization and that $1 billion write-down from the last quarter, which we relate to higher servicing costs dropped by the MSR too, okay. So, rates went up 100 basis points. The MSR gross value go back to 7 to 10, and hopefully the hedge would – we're actually going to hedge at that point to take the gain, but that's all that is the constant adjustments to those models.Paul Miller – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much Jamie.
James Dimon: We showed you on that page. You can go to page 17, it shows us gross derivatives and net derivatives, Gerry. Is that what you are referring to? There are other exposures, which were fully collateralized and I have been through them before I want to go through right here.Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. All right thank you.
James Dimon: Betsy, honestly, we've asked that question, too, because the way the regulatory thing got upset, that is a little gap issue. So we're waiting for guidance on that one. I'll just wait until we find out. The Board will take it up. I think we are going to be consistent I don’t know it can be 30% to 40%, I think 30% was consistent growth, but based upon what we think the real earnings power of the Company is, not based upon just earnings.
James Dimon: I didn’t say December. I said at the turn of the year. We started the dividend in June, right, or April, before April.
James Dimon: There is no change in strategy at all. We are still going to grow where we think we can gain share, build the very good business. There is always your expenses come before your revenues, but like in GCB, for example, we think it’s working. And we are probably going to spend there. Other things where I feel we have to modify, and there are whole products that we may not be in anymore, if we look at exactly how they function with capital and liquidity charges so, but we are going to be pretty tight expensive. We are not being relaxed. We are just adding where we need to add, and then we always expect to get improvements in sort of expense ratios as systems come on board, efficiencies, operational efficiencies. Doug mentioned the big one, we are spending, I think it was $800 million a quarter on servicing now with 65% is default servicing, that number is not going to stay up there for ever, but eventually that default servicing number may take couple of years but close to zero. And we also expect to make the front-end mortgage far more efficient too. So, we are always working in a more efficiency to help pay for some of these other things.
James Dimon: See here is the problem with the G-SIFI, okay. There are certain things we are not going to be uncompetitive, because we are going to be price in the market and get the business. If you're going to leave your money with us or them or processing business, then you're going to leave with us and then they are going to claim us unfair. We own more capital, we’re going to win the business, because we are more sound, and which I agree with them, but I am not arguing their point. In other businesses, yes, we probably want to shut the assets, because some of those could hold it with things like, take consumer assets. If you can hold them with 7% and I have to hold it for 9.5%, I still might service, originate, hold the strip, I got the skin in the game ship, but syndicate the rest. So, it will be product-by-product, it would be certain things, and some of these things like, one of the things in G-SIFI was reduced interconnectedness. So, they don't like inter-bank lending. I think inter-bank lenders are going to go away. They don't like certain type, of course their business distinguished in secured and unsecured, but I think they have much higher charges for exposures to financial companies and non-financial companies, and that's not a terrible objective. That might not happen in a productive way, but you'll see that people price lines of credit to financial companies is much higher than lines of credit to non-financial companies, and so that can go on and on, that was really related to specific rules, and that's kind of work we're doing now. Some will close unintended consequences that helped JPMorgan and some may very well cause (inaudible). But in no event, are we going to price it higher and get price out of a market because of a G-SIFI charge, because that's not going to happen. Whatever competitor told you that probably should have been not thinking clearly.
James Dimon: We are not going to break out our monthly numbers for you, but my experience mostly is as spreads gap out, credit products including mortgage and stuff like that get hurt, but yes I believe that happened in August, but every business is different. We have a very broad visibility. We have got rates steady, commodities, loans to equity, you name it, a lot of flow business and derivative businesses, so you really got to look at the mixes and not just one company. I don't know Jefferies business that well.
James Dimon: There'll be run-off and there'll be decisions we make about what we want to do. The way Basel III is set up, certain products have much higher capital charges than others. And so we have choices and options to make. Over the next couple of years, certain things run-off, or we can just sell things or hedge them differently and that could make a difference. So yes, we're going to manage the hell out of RWA.
James Dimon: It's my guess, Mike. I just think that when you look at G-SIFI, LCR, I'm not going to conclude in a concept to what are mortgages this year. I think we have to build a lot of additional systems binding with around the world to accommodate hundreds of new rules, regulations, reporting, and I'm just telling you that that would be my guess right now, that's all. We have real professional teams working today in 75 projects, and these are pretty large projects. They've got risk credit, legal systems, HR, sales traders, globally by legal entities sometimes trying to do it, as liquidity reporting, credit reporting, new model building, and we’re going to do it all well, we are going to do it all well. This is the new world that we live within, but it’s hard to say it’s not going to cost money. By the way, I think it’s going to be, again, a small unintended benefit for JPMorgan, whatever it costs us maybe harder to smaller people.
James Dimon: Like I put, a lot of the bad actors are gone, okay. So let’s be fair here and you have to talk to most clients, (inaudible) JPMorgan, most of our clients like us, a little more clients like us to build our small business, our consumer client, even our mortgage clients, but we have issues and obviously, I think they get way, we should be responsive to that, I’m not playing light of them. But if you travel around, it’s both the clients everywhere, we try to do best we can like any other business and it’s hard to make up for and you say change the image. If you have any great ideas on the phone, you guys provide them (inaudible).
James Dimon: I don’t know if that statement is completely true. So I don’t want to comment because I'm not sure about.
James Dimon: Mike, it’s going to back DVA (inaudible), which I think you should do. I completely understand you normalize. You should back it out of revenues, too. So $2 billion of that is DVA, okay. So we look at, and again, it's not, I think it’s pretty good, look at the underlying numbers, number of accounts, number of deposits, number of branches, number of clients, number of bankers are keeping some kind of good trading flow with a terrible, what seems to be a terrible environment, market shares, that's what I look at in terms of building the business. The revenues itself are going to be lumpy. You and I have been in this business more time, we know that, and obviously we trim our sales where we think there are products or areas or branches that we can't make money at all. But obviously, we adjust to that, and there are a lot that's going on right now, we acknowledge that.
James Dimon: It really is macro conservatism. If you look at delinquencies roll rates, the first time delinquent all that kind of stuff, they are kind of mixed. So you could very well start to improve them, but it spreads out, it's just presence of caution on our part. And the fact that they will question them anyway about how these, are the reserves sufficient. Obviously, the multiple years coverage charge-off today, I think they cover pretty adverse scenario at this point.
James Dimon: They are crediting very well. I think it was pretty much just all spread in volume that pipeline hedging profitability. In fact the pipeline is going to get you in a quarter like this when rates are dropping like that.
James Dimon: Also when profits go down, remember the rate goes down a little bit because the margin will exempt income slightly.
James Dimon: I am not going to tell you, but there obviously is a little bit of dilemma, and then it relates to what you can or not. We know we can buy the assets; we’re not sure we can buy back the stock.Meredith Whitney – Meredith Whitney Advisory: Okay, got it. Thank you very much.
James Dimon: And we know we can buy the assets and also have a huge lift in Basel III when we want it, because it will disappear by that point. That’s why I am saying it’s little bit around this capital confusion.
James Dimon: Okay. I think you are going too far here. First of all, I would simply say that obviously we would do these things after talking to accountants and they are judgment calls and analysis and facts always updating when we do these things. For example, I pointed out before, our second behind a delinquent first, we are much different how we look at that and that does not behind going to first. So, we do much more sophisticated reserving in that, but I made it very clear we're going to be as conservative as possible and maybe next quarter, I'm going to be saying, we had to take this down because we were forced to.
James Dimon: I don’t think so. I think it’s just the facts are constantly changing and you guys talk to the accountants (inaudible) I think they're stretching to say it'd be that.
James Dimon: The curve went up today 100 basis point, I remember the last time I looked at it that is about 50-50 the short and long, both would benefit the company.
James Dimon: Okay. So first of all, the corresponding issue is not a big deal, so put that to aside, as we're basically buying servicing, which to me is a pure economic decision you’re buying at a good return on not. And some of them are clients, which we treat corresponding clients like banks who also have – their regulation is very differently regional banks, et cetera, but we are going to be obviously going to, again, I think a couple of years ago we cut the corresponding thing really a third of where it was. And the way I'll look at the other way around, I think that we will have going forward one of the best mortgage businesses in the country, okay, because we tend to build the best front-end, middle office, back office systems, eventually our legacy problems will be gone. We think we know we made a lot of mistakes here, so we are not denying that we made them in other business, too every now and then, and we have real competitive distribution, 5,300 branches, salespeople, mortgage sales force. So we think there will still be a real important product which no matter whatever happens to GSEs, we will have embedded profit built into it, and all the legacy stuff will be some cost. In fact, all the underwrite over the last three years is back to where it was like 30 years ago. In fact going forward, it's going to be a much better business cleaner. You won't have all these problems from the past. And so I were in favor of cleaning up the mortgage product, disclosures, national regulation, so that that will make it better, but I think it would be mistake. It's okay when you get out of it because of the legacy problems. Believe me it is temptation, okay, like we're still making $10 billion, $12 billion, $13 billion of mortgages a month, a lot from states who are being attacked by AGs, and we know we made mistakes. We want to resolve the mistakes and we're ready to be punished for the mistakes, but I think that's the wrong reason to do the business for. It's too important. It is still the most important financial product for the majority of Americans, and it will be through the rest of our lives.
James Dimon: I think they have been very clear about their policy and why they have a policy and all that. It is a real tool for them, and we do a lot of money parked there because there is a lot of money – switching around the world there is no place to go. We would have other alternatives that I might guess we get a lot of that back anyway, but you have to take some risk to do it. You know some things will be 10 basis, you know the Fed is 25, some will be 10, some will be 15, there are options around the world at other central banks at higher rates. We can turn down deposits, we don’t want to go negative on deposits, but we can do that till we have to.
James Dimon: We’re trying to accommodate our clients more than the reason it would take us all to be accommodated, not to make that spread. Remember our spread for most of these things is not, even for the Fed it’s not 25 basis points, its the FDIC charge. Honestly, we’re asking why you do it at all, we wouldn’t want a business doing 15 basis points.
James Dimon: First of all, the wholesale credit is exceptionally good. I think it's better than – it's almost back to where – that’s a large corporate middle market. So when we talk about consumer, we said delinquency trend is going to flatten out. At credit cards, there's a little bit of flattening out in their, 30, 60, 90-day delinquencies, but no other major things. So what we said about charge-offs, that’d probably tick down a little bit next quarter. It's very hard to tell they are going to be next year. We always have a lot of visibility to next quarter, but I think with 9% unemployment, it will be silly to assume dramatic improvement at this point.
James Dimon: We already commented that, so I'm not going to do it again, but we’re just talking about it extensively, actually there's some great research about it. So if you want, you can call Lauren (inaudible).
Douglas L. Braunstein: It’s the same that we’ve seen, but remember Glenn, it’s just going to be lumpy and that’s in part what you are seeing, but you did see both demands as well as unresolved demands go up quarter-on-quarter.
Douglas L. Braunstein: The FHA issue, is it different issue, and that really that relates only to our Chase activity because that was really the only, Chase was the only real counterparty with FHA on that, and that issue is one we're going to continue to watch. We don't think we have issues there, but you don't see that reflected in these numbers here.
Douglas L. Braunstein: So there are number of those that would make economic sense for us to call, they are callable as a function of a regulatory event, and we would expect to see that regulatory event clarified, and to the extent that it makes economic sense for us to do so, we'd then call them.
Douglas L. Braunstein: I think the ones that make economic sense for us, there are some that are very attractive financing over the long run for those that make sense for us to call, because they are not attractive. Well, we expect to have the ability to do so.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Yeah. So on margin, we saw it again this quarter, there were kind of three factors hitting NIM. You’ve got the increase in deposits and a lot of that is being kept short-term and so that lowers NIM, but it does increase NII. You’ve got a switch in our loan portfolio. We’ve got more corporate client loans and that changes the mix and as a result, the yield. And then the third and the most important is this repositioning and that’s we have taken security gains that lowers our NII on a go-forward basis, and that’s really repositioned ourselves, as Jamie talked about, for reinvestment when and if there is a rise in rate environment. In the interim, those reinvestment opportunities are short-term and low yielding.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Well, again, you will have offsets that you’ve seen from that. Let’s start with how we’re thinking about NIM. We continue to expect those things I just talked about to continue to play through. So you’ll see more pressure on NIM. NII is in part a function of what balances do, what loan growth does and generally speaking, there are some pieces of the portfolio that we’ve told you all along continue to run-off, and so it’s a function of what happens next to NII.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Last quarter and several previous quarters before that, so this quarter it’s just litigation reserves.
Douglas L. Braunstein: I would expect it to go up. I mean, if we think – some of what we had is mix. If you look at the other people, they had it all go up a little bit too, but we don’t expect it to go up from here, and then it looks like products. Some product is 90%, some product is quite a bit less.Matthew Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Right, Okay. Thanks very much.
Douglas L. Braunstein: I think run rate will be in the low 30s and we had some benefits this quarter, nothing more than that.
Douglas L. Braunstein: That benefit is going to be model driven and you're going to expect to see model applications and improvement in RWA as a result of that, and that's what happened this quarter.
Douglas L. Braunstein: So I think we've addressed that. There were some benefits we had this quarter and I think you'd expect it going forward to be back to a more normalized rate.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Yes, there are always going to be ins and outs every quarter, so it’s going to move around, but right low 30s kind of normalized rate.
Douglas L. Braunstein: So 100 basis point shift in the curve, right, would add a couple of billion dollars to pre-tax, but that's 100 basis point shift in the curve. A short-term move in the long-end and no move in the short-end, that you're not going to see – you won't see this short-term move materially affect NIM.
Douglas L. Braunstein: We just extended the coverage from 12 to 15 months and performance net charge-offs are going up though.
