Jeremy Barnum: Yeah, John. Good question and good catch there. It's true, that is quite a bit of sequential growth. If you do the math, it suggests about 350 million. And in reality, if you think about what we've been saying about the outlook for increased revolving and deployment and so on, The increase is non-intuitively high.  And so just to explain within that, there are a couple of factors. So one, there's actually a meaningful amount of markets and our growth between the third and the fourth quarter, which in general we would sort of encouraging you to ignore. And there's also some sequential increase in NII from PPP forgiveness contributing to the fourth quarter number. If you strip those two out, you still see a little bit of modest growth, which is a little bit more consistent, I think with the overall story that we've been tying, which is that the real acceleration in NII, especially from higher card revolve, is a 2022 item.  In that context, then if you take that sort of lower number and thinking about annualizing that, I think it's fair to assume that that would be a lower-end estimate for the 2022 number in light of what we believe will happen in terms of -- especially card revolve. But obviously, we'll give you a little bit more color about 2022, next quarter.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah, totally. At the highest level, I would say that nothing's really changed, meaning we're still all else equal, happy to be patient. We still believe in a robust global recovery. We still are a little bit concerned about inflation, I think relative to the consensus. And all of that contributes to a willingness to be relatively patient about deployment. But it's also fair to say, that relative to last quarter, rates are obviously higher.  We start to see central banks around the world normalizing their policy stance a little bit, so the market-implied rates are coming a little bit more in line with our view and given that, it wouldn't be surprising if we saw some more opportunities for front-end deployment, cash, and cash-like activity, as well as possibly some duration management.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. So let's go through loan growth because obviously, that's one of the areas that everyone's interested in. And so if we start with a card, which is obviously the one that's going to amount of the most in terms of NII impact, as you said, we see some signs of life and we believe that recovery is strongly underway and it seems hopeful like Delta is really fading so that's going to help.  If you just look forward just to the holiday season, we would expect to see normal seasonality, normal growth there. And the question really for Card as we've talked about a lot is whether that growth in spend and in Card outstanding translates into Revolve.  But as I noted in the prepared remarks, when we look inside the data and we look at the customers who have both deposit accounts with us and our Card customers, and we look at those who would typically be the ones that are most inclined to Revolve, we actually do see slightly faster spend down of the excess deposit balances there.  So that makes us relatively optimistic about both the potential for card outstanding to grow with the higher spending, but also for increased revolve and lower pay rates as we go into next year. It's going to take time obviously, but that is the core view. In-home lending, broadly, we expected this quarter's trend with portfolio additions outpacing prepayments to continue.  And then in C&I, which you mentioned, just a reminder, that as you go to the higher end of the spectrum in terms of the size of the C&I customers were eager to lend to them as a key part of the franchise. But from a financial performance perspective, that's more of an outcome rather than a goal.  But we do, as I noted up front, see a little bit of an uptick in utilization rates amongst smaller corporates. So that's consistent with a theme that we've been seeing, which is that the smaller you are, the less likely you are to have benefited from the wide-open Capital Markets, the more likely you are to be borrowing.  We do hear a lot about supply chain issues from that customer segment. So it's going to be interesting to see how that plays out. And then in CRE, we see quite a robust origination pipeline, as we've fully removed any pandemic-related credit pullbacks, and we're leaning into that and we do expect to see a little bit of net loan growth going forward.  And then finally, I would note that we do see some loan growth in markets actually, and we generally discourage you from focusing too much on NII and loan growth within markets, but it is an indicator that there are some opportunities there that we're taking advantage of, in the usual kind of nimble way that you would expect us to do in markets.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. So it's a little bit of an all-of-the-above story I would say. So first of all, we're still in the middle of budgeting and it's sort of a little early to be giving you 2022 expense guidance. We'll do more of that next quarter, but realistically, expenses are going to be up next year. Now, to your point about capital markets-related expenses, it's obviously true that we pay for performance and in light of the very strong performance over the last couple of years in both Banking and Markets, we have seen increased compensation expense on the way up.  And therefore, as a function of the amount of normalization that you see in 2022, you're going to see that come down in line all else equal. Obviously, I would point out, that I think that the amount of growth in that number that we've seen through the pandemic, is less than a lot of people would have expected, actually.  And therefore, on the way back down, you would also potentially expect less participation, not to mention just the timing dynamics associated with the treatment of stock-based compensation investing. So all of that aside, at the same time, we are still investing. We still see significant opportunities.  We still see marketing opportunities in the card, and yeah, labor inflation is a question. You saw us raise wages in parts of the U.S. at the entry level. That just came into effect this September. And as we look out, we see a lot of churns. And as Jamie was saying, it's good stuff, it's normal, it's understandable in this environment, but labor inflation is definitely a watch item for us. So when you put all that stuff together, as I said, we'll update you more next quarter, but that's how we see the expense outlook for next year.
Jeremy Barnum: Okay, Mike. Hang on. I'm writing doing your questions because I don't want to lose track. Let's start with the Cloud first. Yeah, you will have seen some press coverage around our partnership with Thought Machine. At a high level, there's actually nothing new here. We've actually been committed to the Cloud for a long time.  And by the way, when I say Cloud, I think we're talking about both private and public Cloud. Our core strategy involves really leaning into both and being very nimble across both. And I think that's very important for us as a regulated institution from our resiliency perspective. But the reasons, for do -- and that's all part of our overall tech monetization road map.  And a lot of the investments that we're doing that you've heard all the leadership of the Company talk about. When it comes to Thought Machine in the consumer space, There are five main reasons why we did that and it's all the normal reasons why you do cloud stuff and you do tech monetization.  We want to be able to innovate quickly and bring custom products to consumers faster. We want to be able to run multiple products on the same platform. As I mentioned, resiliency is critical. Increasingly, we want to be able to run the bank much more in real-time rather than based on batch processes.  And obviously, APIs are central to the entire strategy in this environment. So that's what I would say about that. Now -- yes, Jamie.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. Okay. And then Mike, international consumer and acquisitions, I think you asked about. So in terms of international consumers, you will have seen that we launched -- it's obviously early days to give meaningful updates on that, but you will have noted actually that we've just rebranded NutMeg as a JPMorgan Company just a couple of days ago.  So all that's proceeding at pace and it seems to be pretty well received. I think the offering has seen us differentiated and innovative, so we'll have more to say about that over time. Generally --
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. That's going to take time for sure. So -- but just more generally, in terms of the acquisition strategy, we've talked about this a little bit before. We're not claiming that we have some overarching top-down acquisition strategy.  I think broadly we are just doing things that make sense. But there are some themes that you can detect around bolt-on and adding capabilities. If -- just for the sake of argument, if you start with AWM, you'll see a pretty consistent theme in there of ESG related capability additions.  You've mentioned already international expansion and the potential for growth, and it will be a long game, as Jamie says. And then, yeah, there's definitely a fintech narrative a little bit in terms of some of the stuff that we've done in the CIB.  And then within the consumer, most recently, the collection of things that we've done I think is unified by the theme of providing more integrated and holistic experiences to our customers. We've always been very proud of the value proposition that we offer, especially in the Card product. But we think we can take it up another notch with some of the stuff that we're doing around lounges and CX loyalty and stuff like that. I think I touched on everything there, Mike.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. I mean, I think reasonable people can differ on how you talk about this stuff, especially in terms of what parts of the expensive space to see us a little bit more fixed versus a little bit more floating.  I would've said that in reality, marginal expense increases as a function of most types of marginal revenue are actually lower than a lot of people think. So the operating leverage that you see, especially in the type of environment that we've had with really big increases in revenue on the capital markets areas and on the NRR site is actually relatively consistent with what I would've expected, but a little bit to your point, Mike, what's also true is that we're a big organization.  There's a scale play here. We have a big fixed cost base and a lot of the modernization agenda is about making sure that that doesn't creep and that it's as expensive as possible so that it can be as nimble as possible. And that marginal efficiency over time is as good as possible. But that's a long play there.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. Ken. You're right. Part of the drop in the revenue rate this quarter is a function of higher card marketing spend, which you would have expected. As a result of what we said last quarter in terms of the importance of getting our fair share of the growth and spending as we emerge from the pandemic and the fact that we're out in the market with a lot of offers that are seeing good uptake and we're seeing nice growth there.  So that's expected. And I think that card marketing number will actually remain elevated. And if anything ticks up a little bit sequentially, just based on how the amortization there works. So you should expect to see that continue.  But in addition, this quarter we have an adjustment to the rewards liability, which is contributing to the drop this quarter as well. So that is not something that we see continuing. So that should come out of the run rate as we look forward.
Jeremy Barnum: I mean, we don't really manage the Card revenue rate, so it's not a number that I'm eager to guide to. But I think the -- if I remember correctly, I think the rewards liability adjustment this quarter was of the order of something like 180 million, so we'll confirm that, but I think that's right.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. So Betsy, in short, it's really the latter. So the only thing that is one-time - ish in nature, for lack of a better term, is the rewards liability adjustment. And the rest of it really is marketing spend.  And we see that as a critical investment at this moment to moment of high engagement with the product, and we're very committed to making those investments. And so that is going to remain elevated. And if anything, tick off a little bit as we look forward.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. So I think, obviously, we're a little disappointed that we haven't seen some of the changes on the non-risk sensitive size-based constraints that we'd expected, but we're still hopeful that that will come soon.  We know the staff is hard at work on the [Indiscernible] endgame, and that's complicated stuff and it may be the case that some of those things are connected.  And our strategy on pref issuance has been to try to balance giving ourselves the capacity that we want to deal with the SLR constrain, without over issuing and therefore being stuck with a high-cost product that isn't callable for 5 years.  So that's part of the reason why we're operating a little bit above our CET1 target right now, and we're just going to continue to be nimble in that respect.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. Thanks, Glenn. So BNPL, everyone's talking about it. It is funny how layaway is back in the e-commerce checkout land. But -- and obviously, we're looking at it. Everyone is talking about it and it's a moment for us as a Company where even though for any given thing that's emerging, you can easily convince yourself that it's kind of not a threat.  We're in a moment of taking all types of potential disruptions, especially [Indiscernible] type disruptions quite seriously. And in the case of BNPL, it's obviously particularly high profile because of the growth that we've seen, although it's a relatively small portion of the overall market.  I will remind you that we have our own very compelling offerings that speak directly to the installment payment experience in the form of My Chase Loan and My Chase Plan, which we get really good feedback on the customer experience there in terms of the post-purchase experience. You can select eligible purchases on the app and then move that to an installment plan if you want. But yeah, we acknowledge that it is downstream of the point-of-sale, which potentially raises some questions about whether we should be looking at moving a little bit more upstream there.  But even more generally when you take a step back, what we're really trying to do in the consumer business here, is think about what is the actual customer need that is driving the growth and BNPL and how can we respond to it in a strategic holistic way across all of our customers, and not too narrowly and too reactively, just respond to BNPL, but it's, obviously, a thing that we're looking at it and it's quite interesting.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. So look, obviously, everyone is looking at Evergrande. Let me start by just saying that, for us, in terms of direct Evergrande exposure is absolute de minimis. So that's one piece. As you would expect, we've also looked at more indirect exposures in terms of the broad China property sector, as well as exposures of financial institutions that we deal with, to the China property sector, and in general, those exposures are all very modest.  So we're, obviously, watching it closely and continuing to look for reading across and do what you would expect us to do, but we're not terribly concerned right now about the impact on us.  I think, in terms of cross-border contagion, I don't hold my own opinion on this in particularly high regard, but it does seem like this was pretty well telegraphed by the Chinese authorities when they talked about their three red lines. So it's a process that's being managed. And I would say the better view right now is that it will be contained. But of course, it's the market, so we'll see what happens.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. So, the answer to how important buybacks are that they're at the end of our capital hierarchy we often say, right. So organic growth, including acquisitions, sustainable dividends, and only then do we look at buybacks. And in light of the SCB environment that we're in, where we don't have a Fed-approved buyback plan anymore and we just simply have to comply with the minimums and BAU, that gives us quite a bit of nimbleness, which is an important thing to preserve in light of a world
Jeremy Barnum: where we do hope for loan growth next year and where acquisitions are still potentially on the horizon. So nothing really going on in this quarter other than a little bit of RWA growth in the denominator and we're just really going to stay nimble there.
Jeremy Barnum: Good question, Steve. But I think you're sort of potentially leading me into giving fairly detailed loan growth guidance for 2022, which I -- I'm not really in a position to do. But let me see if I can answer this at a high level. I mean, we've talked a lot about Spend, which we believe in, driving Card loans higher, so that's one piece.  And the Revolve story within that as a function of the spend down and cash buffers, especially in our revolver -- the revolving segment of our customers. And obviously, as you know well if you think about our NII as the sum product of the NIM and the outstandings in the various loan categories, it is really disproportionately Card that drives things.  In the meantime, if you move a little bit away from consumer to the larger wholesale system. In a world where, even if tapering sorts relatively soon, if that plays out over roughly 8 months at $15 billion of decrease a month, you still, if you do the math, wind up with another $0.5 trillion of QE.  So we're dealing with a system that has a lot of surplus liquidity. And so in that context, realistically, it's hard to imagine seeing a lot of wholesale loan growth at a minimum. But. frankly, that's not really a big driver of performance for us. So I don't know if that helps,
Jeremy Barnum: I could help unpack it, but it would take another 20 minutes which we don't really have. It's just bog-standard liquidity evaluation type stuff in the derivatives book in terms of as we revise our assumptions about what the potential transaction costs would be associated with transferring certain types of positions. It's normal course stuff that just happened to be a little bit bigger. I think fixed income was down 20% and I think without that it would have been down 15%. So if that helps.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. So I think there's a lot of factors that play into what the deployment decision is at any given moment. Obviously, as you said, loan growth, but also we will always make these decisions on the long-term economic basis, not for the purpose of generating short-term NII.  And so when you do that, you have to think about capital volatility, drawdowns, and frankly, whether or not you see the value. And that if anything is probably the biggest single factor right now. As I talked about earlier,
Jeremy Barnum: it is true that the market has come a little bit more in line with our views, at least from a rate perspective. And that may lead to a little bit more deployment, all else equal right now. but when you start talking about spread product, for example, in light of the liquidity environment that we're in and the QE numbers that I mentioned a second ago, that remains very, very compressed, and there's just not a lot of value there. So we always try to be long-term economically motivated there, considering all the scenarios, considering risk management, considering the convexity of the balance sheet, and looking at value and being tactical there. So that's really how I would think about that.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. I mean, I get the question. I get why you want to know, I guess, I just think, for a Company of our sophistication and given how carefully we think about this stuff, the idea of a particular target at which we would deploy a particular amount. Of course, Jamie is right, but it's always going to be situational, it's always going to be a function of why the rate is where it is.  I mean, in your question you alluded to it, it's like if the 10-year note's at 3, and we're sure it's not going to 5, but then where's the rest of the yield curve, what are the other options, what's going on in that moment. So we're always going to be situational and tactical about it.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. So I think, I mean, the thing about the Basel III End Game is that you need to essentially deal simultaneously with the Basel floors -- the Basel standardized floors and the Collins floor. So you need to simultaneously -- so from the perspective of the staff that's working on this stuff, they have a tough challenge to simultaneously put in place the U.S. rule, which is Basel compliant, while also complying with the Collins floor standardized or WA minimum.  And so that's complicated and it's hard and it's quite technical and that sort of explains why it's taking a little bit longer than we might have all otherwise thought. In terms of the impact of that on our long-term growth, I mean at a high level, it's unlikely to be significant.  I think the related point is whether or not there are some changes as part of that or contemporaneously with that to these non-risk sensitive size-based constraints like G7 SLR, where obviously, most prominently in the case of GSIB, it's really getting pretty extreme in terms of the growth in the score for reasons that really have nothing to do with what the original design of the metric was.  And to a very significant degree are driven by the expansion of the system that we've seen in the last 18 months. So that's why we believe that that should be addressed as was contemplated in the original role. And so across all of those potential changes, you could see us doing a little bit of optimization in response to those.  You can imagine that Basel III endgame in terms of standardized and advanced and the impact on different products might make some things a little bit more capital efficient and others a little bit less capital efficient at the margin. But we're a big diversified Company. We're pretty good at navigating this stuff. So when we have clarity, we'll make the necessary tweaks.
Jeremy Barnum: I think there's a couple of factors in here. So let's, for the sake of argument, set our RP aside for a second and hold that constant -- if you just look at the impact of QE on system-wide deposits, we talked about tapering, but as I said earlier, tapering still involves another 0.5 trillion of system expansion between now and the end of tapering, or rather between the start of tapering and the end of tapering.  If the Fed follows the same type of trajectory that it followed last time, there would be an extended pause between the end of QE and the beginning of QT. And again, setting our IPO aside for a second, it would only really be with the beginning of QT that you would expect the size of the system deposit base to start shrinking, and I think the timing the last time if I remember correctly, was something like 22 months between the end of QE and the beginning of QT.  Now, of course, RP could bounce around and there could be other factors, but at a high level, that's how we're thinking about it.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. I think the base case -- the central case has probably actually gotten a tiny bit worse quarter-on-quarter in light of the revisions and GDP outlook. But as you know, the framework also involves looking at probability-weighted scenarios. And as I said in the prepared remarks, the less extreme downside scenarios contributed a bit to the release this quarter.  In terms of sizing the overall balance, again, as I said in the prepared remarks, they remain a little bit elevated relative to what they would be if we had this type of economic performance with none of the COVID -related unusual features, i.e. uncertainty about the virus as much as we are optimistic about that right now, or uncertainty about labor market conditions, or the fact that even though a lot of the -- essentially all the federal level unemployment assistance has now rolled off and most of the states have too.  There are still some forms of assistance. The mortgage foreclosure moratorium, student loan stuff, rent moratoria, stuff like that, that don't roll off until later in the year. So there's a number of factors in the environment that are still unusual, which do contribute to slightly elevated reserves relative to what we would otherwise have. And as things play out, those will develop.
Jamie Dimon: Thought Machine is, basically, the core general ledger. It's not all the other stuff around the consumer. And when you do these conversions different than conversions in the past, you can do them -- you could schedule pieces, do part at a time, not all at once, like a big bang, which we used to have to do when we did big merge and stuff like that. So it's -- put it at a lower risk for the Company. But the core strategy hasn't changed at all.
Jamie Dimon: I just again, this is -- this is a 10-year game plan. This is not, they're going to worry that much about metrics in the next month or two. And with this the long-term work to try to get this thing right because if we're ever going to be retail overseas, it's going to be digital. And so we're going to be very patient. and at one point Mike, we will report some metrics so you can see them, but they're not going to be material to the firm's numbers for years.
Jamie Dimon: And Mike, one of the things you think about, one is you people worried about the forecast for next year and stuff like that. We're playing the game for ten years here. So we're going to -- and we're not going to disclose certain things, like, margin byproduct or something like that because it's competitive information.  But in the long game, we're competing with some very large, talented, global players, who are not even in banking today. And we are going to compete in that. So even some of these acquisitions are more around that, than around what I consider traditional banking.  And so -- in my whole life, just so you know, we've been modernizing technology, Every year of every month of every quarter, that's like a permanent state of affairs. Obviously, now it's to the Cloud and stuff like that. Those things are critical to do to be competitive going forward. That was true, by the way, 20 years ago.
Jamie Dimon: I'm not hearing much different than you're hearing. I'm just -- I know that the over-focus over time is so extraordinary sometimes in the press, that people forget the big picture. The economy's going 4 or 5%. What people are buying is changed, which has also hurt supply chains a little bit.  There's not one Company I know who's not working aggressively to fix the supply chain issues. Sales are still up, credit card debit card spends still up because it was in great shape. And capitalism works. I doubt we'll be talking about supply chain stuff in a year. I just think that [Indiscernible] we're focusing on too much is simply dampening a fairly good economy. It's not reversing a fairly good economy.
Jamie Dimon: I think it's another example of growth in the Company. You saw a firm come out and it's no longer just about BNPL. They're going to have a debit card and attached banking accounts. So these are all different forms of competition which we have to respond to. And so that's why when we talked about, like, expenses, we will spend whatever we have to spend to compete with all these folks in our space.
Jamie Dimon: I don't expect that there will be beneficial changes that help banks. And, I think, that we just have to compete with what we're -- the hand we're dealt, and not expect anything like that. And I think that you're going to have some people clamp down more in banks and maybe some people regulate fintech based on products or service, something like that. But I'm not expecting any relief.
Jamie Dimon: Yeah, I [Indiscernible] evaluations -- as the stock goes up, you're going to -- you should expect to one day buy less. And we don't need dry powder, we have an extraordinary amount of capital liquidity. I mean extraordinary, and we earned 40 billion pre-tax a year. I mean, how much dry powder do you need? We have $1.6 trillion of cash and marketable securities. We have 200 -- well over 200 billion of equity. We can issue prefers, we can issue debt, we can issue stock if we had to do something. So I don't think we need dry powder. I think our capital cup runneth over where it is.
Jamie Dimon: The capital impact in total isn't that big a deal and we're not going to disclose any more nor is the immediate financial impact. And each one is different. So in Consumer, Jeremy already said, it's more about lifestyle, travel, lounges, millennial, stuff like that.  In asset management of products, there was [Indiscernible] products, ESG products, timber products, stuff like that. And then between NutMeg and C6 and stuff like that, that is a longer-term view of us trying to get positioned into retail overseas over 10 years if we can.
Jamie Dimon: I will just add my two cents. I think that they'll have to go quicker than that, and they'll have to reverse some of it. So you're talking about we're still going to increase deposits for a year, and then there will be a fairly large reduction over a 2 or 3-year period, which we should be prepared for.
Jamie Dimon: Yeah, I think we should look at the big picture here, which, I think, is always important. I mean, 2 years ago we were facing COVID, virtually a great depression, global pandemic. And that's all in the back mirror, which is good. So by hopefully a year from now, there will be no supply chain problems.  The pandemic will become endemic. and I think it's very good to have good healthy growth, which we have. And it'll be good to have unemployment of 4%, it's good that their jobs are open, I think it's good that wages went up [Indiscernible], and I think there's too much focus on -- and none of these changes how we run the business, which to we add clients all the time.  Consumer, card, auto, deposits, real estate, small business, large companies, and stuff like that, which is the underlying thing to drive JPMorgan. It's not whether they take your revolver from 25% to 27%. So having said all that, and I'm not focused on inflation; we simply have pointed out -- well, you have [Indiscernible] inflation. It's 4%. It's been 4% now for the better part of a couple of quarters and it's, in my view, unlikely to be lower than that next quarter or the quarter after that.  Another question is, does it start to ease after that with supply chains and wages? More people looking for work or does it continue to go up? And of course, we prepare for probabilities and eventualities and one of those probabilities is that it might go higher than people think and they'll have to tamp down.  I doubt that will happen before late 2022. In the meantime, I think it's unbelievable that we're getting out of this and we have 4% unemployment, and you can have good growth with some inflation, and that's okay. I think that people are always focusing too much on immediate concerns. If you have inflation of 4% or 5%, we're still going to open deposit accounts, checking accounts, and grow our business.  I also should point out because it's always in the back of my mind, about $30 billion of revenues, 20 billion in subscription revenues. Asset Management, commercial banking, consumer banking, which are pretty good.  Wholesale payments, security services, custody, and so we're pretty crowded with the people who've accomplished all this, that if you look at the actual underlying numbers to getting earnings per second, more customers, more accounts, more share. And at the end of the day, that is what drives everything.
Jamie Dimon: It's not -- I'm telling you. I don't -- I'm sorry, [Indiscernible] I don't know. We're prepared for all eventualities. There may be effect Gelb inflation. And the one other thing about our balance sheet, you guys talked about, putting your stuff like that. One of the stack tails of banks do, that are banks should be worried about is high inflation and high rates. And we have been very liquid, protects us more than against that and other things.
Jamie Dimon: Jeremy, just to interrupt real quickly. I got to go because I am out of town I have meetings I have to go to. You guys should continue and folks, thanks for listening to us and we'll talk to you all soon.
