Jamie Dimon: Yes, so this is Jamie and I’m going to start if you don’t mind. I know some of you may have questions about my recent cancer diagnosis. So I’d like to make a few comments on that, so we can then hopefully focus on the reason for our call which is our quarterly earnings and the results of the company. First I want to thank everybody for their calls, their notes, their good wishes, it does mean a lot to me and my family. To start with I feel great. I think I’ve some of the best doctors in the world. I’ll be receiving the best treatment. I’m very fortunate that this is curable.  To recap we’ve already talked about and what my doctor’s told me about, we caught it early. It’s confined to the original site and the adjacent lymph node in the right side of my neck. It’s isolated in that specific area. The cancer has not spread. Importantly with all the tests they have done there is no evidence of cancer anywhere else in my body and it’s curable with radiation and chemotherapy which I’ll put down as fairly standard for this kind of cancer and the prognosis is excellent.  The Board will be fully briefed on my condition and if they and I feel that it’s necessary to make additional disclosures we will do that, but I really do think the next disclosure I’m going to make will in be about seven or eight weeks saying the therapy is over. I am feeling better and the prognosis is excellent. My doctors have finalized their treatment plans with me over the last several days though I do plan as we go through the treatment to be actively involved in managing our business. I’ve also been told that after the seven week treatment period I’ve been advised to take rest. That does not mean I won’t work. They just simply say to rest and recuperation should come before other things, which by the way is the exact same advise I give my friends, my family and any one from JPMorgan or anyone of you who came down to something like this. So I do plan to work, I do plan to read, I will be accessible.  Succession planning that’s why it’s here, is exactly as it was before. There is no change whatsoever. The Board has plans in place and I talk about all the time from various scenarios and we are fortunate enough to have an exceptional group of executives. You know them all, I hope you take the time to tell some of the reports, their quality, I always tell there is a book in everybody and the book on the larger management team here is brains, ethics, work ethic, partnering, knowledge, experience, high quality people and I actually think that many of them can run a major financial company and my Board feels in the same way. And importantly the Board has been fully engaged with the senior leaders the whole time they have been at this company. I also want to point out. We have a standing protocol in place before this, during this, and after this. We think it’s simply good governance that if I am unreachable for any reason, remember I took a three week trip to Asia so, it’s for a minute, an hour, a day or a week that they are to contact our lead director, who will get them the consent the advice and the help that they need so the company continues to go on as usual.  So I will stop there and hand it off to Marianne, who will take you through the earnings of the company.
Jamie Dimon: This is Jamie. I think on the funding side and we said we’ve met pretty much LCR and SFS and we think it will be the [GLAC] or at least we are very close to it. That's all embedded in interest rate exposure which Marianne gave you and that's our base case. Obviously if the world changes we may change how we go about and do that. But that I think it's a very good base case to look at. We don't have any need to change it dramatically. You all have to be prepared for the reason that rates raise will obviously will change why people act in a certain way. 
Jamie Dimon: I think we would have to wait and see. Remember the United States has already gone beyond most other countries and they may just be referring to that, that they intend to keep that or how they modify that. 
Jamie Dimon: So keep in mind, the Fed whether they use repo or just sell securities that will reduce deposits. It's a factor with an absolute formula. The question is who’s deposits, what kind of deposits and when they might do something like that, I assume they will be very careful. I think what we're simply were saying that some of the deposits will come out of non-operating wholesale deposits already have [HQA], some won’t, some will come out of retail and just people will need to be prepared for it. I wouldn't from the category just when these be prepared and be very thoughtful about how we go about that.
Jamie Dimon: And I just want to reiterate that we always have waste cutting like real estate people straight through processing, vendors, things we think got a little sloppy, where we were located but we will never ever, ever stop investing in straight through processing better bankers, better training, chase that marketing, EBK is another new stop from branches so don't confuse the two. We are lumping them together for you, internally no one goes to a budget meeting says I get expenses down by cutting expenses on the really important things that we need for the future, no one. We are not going to run the company that way, we’d rather earn less money. 
Jamie Dimon: But we have got a 1,000 correspondent banks we sold CWK, it made very well, we sold RPS there are a bunch of product lines we’ve either closed down or eliminated and a lot of that’s in the works. We put a light -- enhanced monitoring our other businesses so we are well along the way but if something comes up that we think we should look at again we’ll look at it again.
Jamie Dimon: And the important thing is for the franchises as the management, commercial banks, CIB, CCB are all doing really, really well and this doesn't affect their ability to serve their clients at all.
Jamie Dimon: Look I think because the treasury, the government is still buying a big portion of net treasury issuance and because they are doing it going in the repo market and taking cash out of the system I think that number has maybe gone from $100 billion to $200 billion overtime. Remember I believe that, that Repo can't be re-hypothecated. So I do think some of the things will cause some issues in the repo market but my guess is that will sort through overtime. We do believe we’ll see dealers reducing their books in Repo and you have heard a lot of statements about repo and collateral and capital against it, so I think that will sort out over time. 
Jamie Dimon: I think Marianne mentioned that in almost every category of C&I and on the commercial bank utilization was up by 1% last quarter and maybe 1%... 
Jamie Dimon: Since the end of the year. Utilization is usually a pretty good measure of companies starting to expand and early on it's receivables and inventory. You haven't really seen in capital expenditures yet and if you look at the U.S. capital expenditures in total including big businesses they are kind of flat to down, that will ultimately be the driver of real growth. So if you start to see that you are going to hopefully see a stronger economy but utilization is I think is the first sign.
Jamie Dimon: No, but I just give you a number that, like I think year-over-year that balances up mostly to the money we have at the fed, even quarter-over-quarter you got this -- we have $350 billion or almost $400 billion at central banks around the world. We have an investment portfolio of $350 billion, we’ve a loan portfolio of $700 billion. We already told you when they start to reverse QE III some of those will automatically come down. So our balance sheet is kind of high because of all this huge liquidity and securities in the balance sheet and eventually hopefully there will be more loans which are more productive and less just holding excess cash.
Jamie Dimon: And we are also seeing -- we are talking about G50, the big Chinese banks, the big Japanese banks and some other banks around the world growing really rapidly. Hopefully that will reduce our G50 growth a little bit too.
Jamie Dimon: In forecast, it's our operating assumption it going to stay at low levels for a while. We know we are going to be wrong in that but you will have to pick whatever you think.
Jamie Dimon: Well a little inconsistent up-fronting all the negatives fully phased in we are not up-fronting model approvals we expect to get.
Jamie Dimon: A model onboarding or stuff like that there were some of that coming and obviously those need to be approved by regulators.
Jamie Dimon: We are doing run off all the time for RWA and everything else is not material and they could be restructured, I think those are 2017 now and…
Jamie Dimon: And as far as, it’s very hard to predict FICC really reluctant to do it, because somehow you think you actually know it’s going to be -- I am couple of weeks. And the bar jumps around but some of that something around is nearly think of underlying positions [CMDS] and warehouse positions and stuff like that, which come and go. 
Jamie Dimon: I just want to add it’s not really a fact of people who are already income producing locked in rates and things like that and they really won’t be effective for people who want to build new things. But not only on the commercial side but we did look at on the residential side, there have been occasion we have rising rates and improving housing. So depending why rates are going may be the more determinant factor than just the fact that rates are going up. Rates are going up to able to help the economy and maybe more important than just the fact the rates going up, right. We have not done the same thing in commercial, we probably should. 
Jamie Dimon: I don’t think we’ve disclosed that. It hasn’t been a breakeven business over a long period of time. Obviously hasn’t earned much money in the last few quarters and we are still -- if we go and change something it could be soon. It won’t be all of what we take, it will be a part of it. And then the part of the number you see, I think the $6 billion of total buyback are all heritage investments were made by JPMorgan Chase and et cetera before the Bank One merger.
Jamie Dimon: So, they are all eventually that $6 billion will be zero. And that frees up about $3 billion of equity capital respectively.
Jamie Dimon: And we have being spending a lot of time of that doing deep dives and trying to figure out and unfortunately this one won’t be at the end of the year. I think it is hopefully by the end of 2015 we give you clear sight about how we would be making normal profitability there, 
Jamie Dimon: We have given you a roadmap on how we are going to get from 7% return on tangible common equity to 14. We are already at 14.
Jamie Dimon: No, I can’t overemphasize this, we do not run the company for quarterly profits. We make long-term decisions on people, systems technology, products services, stuff like that and lot of things drive short term profits, but the profit you have in any one quarter relate to decision you made for the last five years and so we feel great about these companies. The big weak spot which we’ll acknowledge is mortgage and we’re going to put, we got great people there, we’re going to put elbow to the metal there, we’re going to invest some more money in their systems. We got some catch up to do, we got caught in the middle of as you know WaMu origination platforms and we usually look at each of these businesses they are all doing fine and we’re looking at how we can grow them over the next five to ten years. And that’s what we’re going to do.  I honestly I mean I don’t care whether the FICC was up 10% or 15% or down 10% the next quarter. I actually think it’s complete waste of time. 
Jamie Dimon: I think most of that’s been done. So you’ve seen, not all of it, but the full effect of that in terms of which segments we’re gaining on, and which ones we’re going to focus on, which ones we are putting hands to monitoring and it’s sort of same thing in the CIB with our correspondent banking. There may be more, we are always going to do good housekeeping. There are some clients we’ve had conversations with they are still on the books but they will be leaving down the road, but none of those things would be material to the future of this company. That may affect revenues a little bit in the fourth quarter or first quarter next year that’s not why we’re doing it. We’re doing to protect ourselves, run the business properly meet our regulatory and control objectives. 
Jamie Dimon: And merchant processing we are growing like 12% a year and we’re investing more money to do a better job for merchants there and so all of these things and $35 million people bank online I think it was 15 million who used mobile banking, it was 12 million to 15 million who used mobile banking. So you are going to see us extend products and services all of which hopefully will be merchant friendly and consumer friendly. 
Jamie Dimon: I don’t know if you mentioned this in other the private equity which was close to zero and bounces around is treasury and CIO which was close to zero, kind of will stay there, and there’s other corporate, a normal rate would be around 200. This quarter is around 400 because of some of the tax benefits. Think of that as going back to 200 give or take next quarter for your models. 
Jamie Dimon: So our FHA volume was way down and we studied FHA and based upon the lawsuits and the premiums and stuff like that we’ve lost a tremendous sum of money in FHA. We are trying to [inaudible] do better going forward. Just to give you three numbers, we collected $600 million of insurance, they disputed $200 million, the government called that a fraud. We reimbursed $600 million to get out of the lawsuit because it was a threatening lawsuit, even like in my opinion it was a commercial dispute between FHA and ourselves about that and the whole time FHA collected another $1.8 billion in premium. So the real question to me should we be in the FHA business at all and we’re still struggling with that.  We want to help the consumers there but we can’t do it at great risk to JPMorgan. So until they come up with some kind of Safe Harbors or something we’re going to be very, very cautious in that line of business.
Jamie Dimon: And last remember there are so many different borrowers in industry so there might be some people are still accumulating deposits or some start to borrow money but in general you’re right. 
Jamie Dimon: And remember there are some unused lines, there is no loans in the balance sheet they still need a 100% LCR. So what’s really going to happen is, it’s going to be on decline level, capital LCR, commitments et cetera, we just have to manage it, at the capital level, the desk level et cetera.
Jamie Dimon: We see a little bit of this trade finance costs have gone up, a little bit in municipal businesses and there you have seen a little more restructuring of the type of business people do. Remember some of the repricing may not take place in the product. It may take place in the relationship because all products have lost leaders et cetera but we haven’t seen a huge amount of repricing taking place yet.
Jamie Dimon: I have heard some complaints by the way that some of the revolvers are smaller and shorter, not the price as much of it is the sizing and then you’ve heard some commentary in the market that inventories bonds are lower and being gapped out, spreads are gapped out, so you’re trying to see some of it but eventually I have never seen a business where the costs of goods sold doesn’t eventually get priced in the business. It doesn’t happen to be priced into the egg or the milk, it just has to be priced in the transaction the whole bag, the person walks out to the supermarket would.
Jamie Dimon: And CCAR we will push the CCARs down to the extent we can we will push the CCAR down -- those things which create CCARness.
Jamie Dimon: I wouldn’t hold your breath, I mean some people leaving businesses, some optimize the decline levels, some are having strategic changes and it will happen overtime and we are quite patient about it. We are in no rush. We are not going to try to lead it or anything like that, it will happen overtime. As I said you have seen it in trade finance, you’ve seen in municipal businesses, you have seen it in - I know the rules aren’t final, when the rules become final then people may react differently.
Jamie Dimon: Yes, the CRA number is a combination of lower and middle income mortgages. So we will obviously try to meet to those commitments, it include how many branches you have in lower-middle income so we’ll continue to build that. It’s a function of CDFI like lending to small business or community development funds which we will continue to do. So it runs a whole gamut and we will meet our CRA commitment. Yes if you don’t do any FHA that hurts you a little bit but to do FHA and lose billions of dollars that’s a whole different level of shareholder responsibility and so we have got to be very careful how we handle that. I’m hoping FHA comes forth and comes up with some real bright lines and harbors that make it easy for us to try to do what the government wants us to do, but we can’t get penalized severely for some of the things that happen.
Jamie Dimon: We are going to meet CRA. We report CRA results every month and like I said it cuts across a wide variety of things that we do for people. We just did this great thing at Detroit that lots of CRA credits. We can do mortgages ourselves that we can put on balance sheet that we think are less risky than FHA, insurance so we will figure it out. This is just a category we just thoroughly, thoroughly confused about how we got treated, how we got to do it going forward and what kind of -- and we’ve spoken to government for some kind of guidance going forward.
Jamie Dimon: It’s the reps and warrants that there should be a commercial resolution dispute we don’t have [triple damages] if something goes wrong.
Marianne Lake: So Gerald you got cut off at the beginning but you are asking for earning -- the risk on the 100 basis points shift. 
Marianne Lake: It was in the first quarter and we haven't disclosed it yet for the second quarter but it wouldn’t be meaningfully different in the first quarter, it was $2.5 billion.
Marianne Lake: So I mean the risk is a representation, it’s an instantaneous parallel shift. If you look actually at our disclosures you can also see what a steepening looks like. So the way I would characterize the way to think about the impact of asset sensitivity and interest rates rising is the way we described it both at our Investor Day and at the Morgan Stanley Conference which is when rates rise, whenever that starts which maybe in the second half of 2015 at the short end and the long end continued, that overtime that would deliver $8 billion to $10 billion of NII for the firm but clearly the path to get there would be rate dependent and timing. 
Marianne Lake: And I think the way that we think about -- obviously we don't know how things may change in the future but between the recent surcharge, the buffers that we and other institutions are going to run above that with LCR and SFR already entitled in the framework with capital stress comp testing under [SICAR] under extremely severe conditions, it feels like we have a box around it and so we're planning to run the firm based on what we know today with an eye on obviously listening to all other things you hear. 
Marianne Lake: Yeah and remember that we are running LCR is an important measure, it's a regulatory measure, you know we are measuring it, we are posting it but we run the firm based upon our own internal liquidity tests and we are comfortable with that.
Marianne Lake: So I mean really what I would point you to is that the discussions that we had, largely at our Investor Day which was to say that we continue to expect the mortgage expense story to play out over the course of the next few years which will be obviously a tailwind for us on expenses both in servicing but more particularly in production. So that is obviously a focus in 2015 and beyond. We also are expecting to start on a journey to delivering and we saw that CBB expenses, our cost of controlled investment are moderating and Gordon outlined at Investor Day that the CBB business ‘14 through ‘16 as a relative marker would deliver approximately a $1 billion of expense efficiency but the profile of that we haven't been through.  And then Daniel is working through, as are all of the other CEOs the expense story in the CIB and being as diligent as you would expect him to be given the environment but one of our positions has always been that we are running this business for the longer term and we are going to be smart about the actions we take on expenses in order to make sure that we protect the franchise but that doesn't mean that we can’t and won't be more efficient across the businesses. So we haven’t actually given specific guidance at the firm wide level but that’s the backdrop.
Marianne Lake: Well so I would say that we are, it's a matter of good housekeeping that we would constantly be looking at making sure that we are simplifying our businesses where it make sense to do it but as a large matter, that macro matter we are working through the things that we talked about, some of the things that you mentioned and there were no significant changes.
Marianne Lake: The most significant revenue effect that's not yet in our run-rate because the transaction is not yet closed is the exit of the physical commodity business and so obviously when that closes which maybe in the early part of the fourth quarter that would have an impact in revenues both in the quarter and then in our run-rate in 2015. 
Marianne Lake: Well I could give you the numbers now, so at Investor Day we said that the impact in 2014 on revenues would be a decline of $1.6 billion, just given the timing of the physical commodities deal, the impact in '14 is going to be closer to $1.3 billion of which about $500 million is in our run-rate already. 
Marianne Lake: Yeah. And then you annualized the things that will be complete by the end of the year that 85% of everything is also going to get done. So once we close this year, the impact this year will be $1.3 billion. The annualized impact that we gave was $2.8 billion and that's still our best estimate. 
Marianne Lake: And remember also just for the purpose of completeness I'd be remiss if I not state the expenses are also coming out as we take those revenues out and that remember these are in large part businesses that were not at this time accretive to the overall firm’s return, so important to remember that. 
Marianne Lake: Yeah, so I would say that there hasn't been a step shift in sentiment but the sentiment is better. It feels like year-over-year it’s better quarter-over-quarter and it has allowed up to -- it’s delivered right in line with the industry. And we do however maintain, absolutely maintain credit risk discipline as it relates to the commercial side. So it is competitive. It hasn't been the case that we've historically been losing on price, it has been more on [inaudible] and on simplification and listing but… 
Marianne Lake: Yeah, just to illustrate the point if you look at, if you are looking at the slides you are looking end of period assets that grew by $40 billion or so. If you look at the average it was only $18 billion. We got a lot of volatility around the cash move at quarter end. So Jamie is right, there has been a significant amount of our -- has been deposit and ultimately funds like on deposit with the central bank.
Marianne Lake: I would say again having said that of course we are, there is a natural healthy tension now with leverage roles that we are clearly strategically optimizing the way we use our balance sheet and that would have a natural tension to keep the balance sheet growth if there is growth to be more modest.
Marianne Lake: And if we are right about the liquidity drain in QE you will see a bunch of deposits flow out essentially in the second half of next year and you see some of that will reverse.
Marianne Lake: Thank you for the question. Because I want to make sure I am very clear. So in June we did see an uptick in activity in terms of client activity but volatility stayed very, very low and there was no specific catalyst for it, no catalyst that would lead up to believe that was necessary to continue and as we have moved into July it so far has being our experience that has not continued at that level. So it is more -- our guidance for second half is that 15% to 20%, the 20% plus or minus decrease that we have seen in the past for that kind of environment is the one that we're facing over the second half.  Now we are not guiding to a number because as you very well know it -- have many -- days into the quarter and things can change that. So you are going to have to pick your level but we can't predict it any better than that.
Marianne Lake: We are not giving a specific guidance, it was 20% in the first quarter, 15% in the second, that kind of environment.
Marianne Lake: So we called out the $300 million if that’s what you are referring in the CIB because it in our view anyway is a modestly sized and non-recurring item. We are not expecting to have similar items like that, we may have some but we are certainly not forecasting that we are going to have that kind of level recurring.
Marianne Lake: So really I'll just give you a sense that in the quarter we’ve built that number and -- what you were to do with it in terms of your models but we don’t consider that to be called.
Marianne Lake: Yeah, so first of all these are all the moving parts, none of them are materially significant. So operating risk went up a little bit, growth in op a little bit and offset against that we continue to always on board positions on to our proved models continued to develop our models and get approvals for our models, so that we can have the most efficient RWA that we can have and so we saw some of that and also portfolio run-off. So we were just giving you some color that flat RWA is actually the continuation of the work that we articulated at Investor Day that will ultimately drive it down to be closer to $1.5 trillion over the next 18 months.
Marianne Lake: So we said relatively flat. It came up slightly in the quarter and obviously we are pleased with that and we told you that we expected core growth for the year to be 5% plus or minus and at this point that would still be our best assessment. If loan growth does continue to improve and improve to the point where our core loan growth is above 5% then yes we would hope to enjoy that NII benefit. But as we look forward based upon current rates broadly flat with a little bit above the bias is our outlook until rates start to rise. 
Marianne Lake: Because you do continue to have, albeit that everything is a little bit less than it was but you do continue to have offset against that in terms of spread compression.
Marianne Lake: So first of all obviously what we can do is guided and limited by what we have approval to do. But yes we did articulate that we were going likely back end our share repurchases as we build to [RT ET1] ratio. You can obviously see we have built towards that nicely at 9.8% and then yes obviously particularly in the first half of the quarter our price was favorable and we did share repurchases reflecting all of those things.  When we look at the second half without giving specifics because we don’t give guidance on repurchase we have the capacity to do $5 billion more growth over the next three quarters and we have a target to hit about 10% and we will juggle those two things together but that gives us the capacity to continue to do some repurchases. 
Marianne Lake: We assume none in that. Think about the MSR risk management as we generally speaking expect our results to be close to home say plus or minus zero outside of any model updates because of our hedging strategy. 
Marianne Lake: So as much as I know you want to hear it and we’re not going to talk about the specifics that what we are aiming for and we told you -- we said before that we had very little in the first quarter, we have $700 million now. It’s going to be this way for a while we’re going to have elevated and lumpy litigation cost as work through the issues that you’re aware of and with respect to mortgage we have battled with a large proportion of our NBS risks with the government account policy so we do still have some other civil claims. We would characterize there is more behind us than in front of us and we’re working through it. 
Marianne Lake: Okay so just on the absolute performance, so first of all few things primarily contributed to the better performance. We said 20% plus or minus remember that, really could have been plus or minus when you go back three weeks before quarter end. There was a better activity in June. So June was a stronger month, every day on average produced a strong result than the prior few months in that and we didn’t have line of sight to that when we gave our guidance and when we affirmed our guidance and the second I called out the market partners, shared the IPO and we --- post the IPO and generated gains of over $100 million which is a couple of points.
Marianne Lake: So what we said Mike is that what we have seen in the second quarter gives us reasons to be optimistic that we’re going to continue to see growth around those levels in the second half of the year. Like I said it’s not that we’ve seen a step change but that we have seen generally better sentiment, generally better utilization rates, generally higher pipelines and the phones are ringing, it’s cross geographies. So it feels like the environment is conducive for us to continue to be able to add. We’ve been very successful in the business banking space and yes in cards, so it’s our belief that we’ll have strong year-over-year in the second half but we are still in the early stages of seeing that happen. 
Marianne Lake: Well, what we are doing is being consistent on our credit discipline. And so we are still facing partly in the first half of the year about -- are not participating in some of the growth that others do because we have maintained a line as it relates to particularly structured credit, label, credit structures and addresses structures rather pricing. And so we are consistently doing that. We are not changing that and our credit books across our auto, mortgage, commercial remains consistent, we are not changing that either. So for us we’re just maintaining our credit discipline, but yes, I mean, it is a very competitive place out there right now across the product and so we are seeing a little bit of that aggressiveness. We saw it in the quarters coming up we still see now although it’s not worth.
Marianne Lake: Yeah, so, just to be clear the $3.8 billion if you go back and look at Investor Day was all of our business simplification agenda not the physical commodities. I just pulled out physical commodities as being A, a big piece of it; and B, us staying in the piece the biggest piece left to happen in 2014, so just to be clear on that. And then yes the $3.8 billion came with expenses of $3.2 billion again it, we didn’t disclose the capital but when you take that into consideration it was at or below our cost of capital not additive to return.
Marianne Lake: Yeah, so we haven’t actually broken out specifically in that way but I can characterize it for you. So obviously in mortgage production; the first you know chunk of expenses it’s really variable meaning it’s paying for production on a variable basis to the sales force and then you have a bunch of what we call semi-fixed cost which are effectively the operated, the people you know the sort of FTEs and then you do have pre-fixed cost which is the management, the real estate, the technology when you have a very, very slow market which I think you would agree at $1.1 trillion or lower market its very slow then it is hard with the fixed cost structure to make a lot of money in the mortgage business particularly if you are taking a hard line which we are on the types of mortgage product that we want to participate in but over time it doesn’t stop the fact that this is going to be healthy company functioning mortgage market everyone to be [inaudible]. So it’s tricky in this kind of very, very small market to but we are focused on fixing our fix cost base and trying to get out as much efficiency as possible.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. And it would be in a technical volatile business and we had very, very strong performance over the quarter of 11 in ’12, and into the first 2013 and we are now at that cyclical point, that cyclical node and we need a lot of things to happen but hopefully when I tell you that the fixed cost space is our number one process or among our number one processes and we are working very hard at it. 
Marianne Lake: Right. So we we stopped originating new loans but we do have a portfolio of loans that we are managing and as they run off we will experience usual charge off reserve releases they are not exiting.
Marianne Lake: We said it was driven by derivatives, cash and prime brokerage, the better prime did the better than cash.
Marianne Lake: So just on the mortgage thing we are giving up share but remember that we distribute a significant amount of mortgages that we produce. In this quarter we actually portfolioed $5 billion of mortgages. So we are not losing share in those. 
Marianne Lake: So we are adding to the portfolio for mortgage it's slightly different dynamic. We are outperforming on sales prices in cards, so ultimately that would fuel outstanding growth that hopefully would be better than the industry but clearly it's modest at this point. I think we are inline if now potentially gaining a little share but we continue to outperform in real estate particularly in most real estate and asset management.
Marianne Lake: So I think you called -- I think you called it well on mortgage. Obviously the mortgage market and housing conditions outside of [inaudible] are challenging and that looks like it’s set to be a slower journey but if you step back and look at across all of our businesses when I talked about the underlying core performance drivers growing strongly that reflects our strategy. So we continue to build and grow our businesses demonstrated by those performance drivers as well as simplify and address the control agenda and we're making appropriate progress in both of those. And it showing in our results. I mean a quarter where obviously there are some challenges to print over 14 [inaudible] tangible common equity is evidence of the strategy workout. And if you were to read through the comments I made in asset management we're investing in the sales force. We are seeing deliver growth. We have record inflows we are seeing international delivered loan growth, it's very consistent.
Marianne Lake: Think about the core number advantage, reported number being primarily driven by the legacy mortgage and credit card portfolio. So the client activity that we’ve been talking about is immaterial in the context of that run-off portfolio, that what’s driving the difference.
Marianne Lake: We will continue to see that portfolio run off and as it runs off and gets smaller we will have less of an impact but it’s been fairly consistent story.
Marianne Lake: Yes so we have a lot of market stats that while we maybe outperforming the market what we see is generally a fairly good picture of what’s happening and what I can tell you is if you see compared to our growth you have still strong high single-digit growth in non-discretionary spend categories driven principally in growth in the space which is not all enterprising but I it’s actually about consumer spending and inflation. And then if you look at the discretionary growth which is growing even more strongly though in the double-digit territory it’s across the board, it’s travel, it’s restaurants, it’s retail, it’s across the board so consumers are spending very strongly in both categories. 
Marianne Lake: Yes so I mean, our general longer term outlook is on our tax rate is 30% plus or minus, just given obviously the pretax prices of the 2014 market it will be slightly lower than that, more inline with the quarter. 
Marianne Lake: So of the $5 billion, $3.6 million was jumbo, about $400 million was [inaudible] and then about a $1 billion of conventional. But that’s high -- mostly jumbo, yes and we’re holding share in jumbo. And with respect to the market share loss it was principally two things, it was principally a strategy that we’ve talked about to do less in the high priced, high LTV, low FICO space and we priced to the risk adjusted return that we see in that business given the cost of service the loans that default and that’s what the impact has been on our market share and then also the HARP burn out we were very successful in helping our loans over the course of last couple of years, our borrowers who are technically eligible are no longer responding. So we’re seeing that burn out.  The bit that’s really truly the conventional loss which there was some, is really on price competition and we absolutely intend to compete on price.
Marianne Lake: Yeah so if you look at commercial just as an illustration of your point what we’ve got going on is the utilization rate in the last two quarters have picked up by 33% still much, much lower than you would expect them to be overtime which would be probably about 40% but you do see deposits flattening out in fact there’s a little bit of decline. It’s not absolutely the case at this point that we can say people are starting to spend their deposits and utilize their lines and I think -- is still not really out there but that is what you’d expect in this business we didn’t see strong growth in deposits. 
Marianne Lake: So first of all just to make a competitive point with it, we didn’t have a target to loan to deposit we were just trying to make the point that obviously as we think forward to the impact of interest rates on our performance overtime we would expect both a mix shift in deposits back towards interest earning MCDs but also expect to see the economy growing and loan growing and that needed to be taken into consideration. So it wasn’t really a target, it was just a simulation to start with that. It was basically on levels that we have seen at least in parts of the cycle that we were referring to. And then you are right, there is a dynamic where because of LTR we will always have because of our liquidity requirements internal as well we will have liquid assets that will be structurally higher than they would have previously been. And therefore from a mix effect that would have an impact but at this point given where loans to deposits are I think that would be a high class problem to be talking about. 
Marianne Lake: And I think one way to look at it is to say well we are absolutely managing through this complex environment Basel III Tier I comments still is our binding constraint at the moment and that’s how we allocate capital in the businesses and that’s the sort of primary lend that we are using to price and what you are going to see as Jamie talked about is that the leverage and LTR and other constraints including stressed capital are going to play out at the client level as we just all are becoming more efficient about how we deploy our balance sheet, rather than necessarily a re-pricing strategy. 
Marianne Lake: Okay. So, just on the -- yes, the improvement at the bank and the holding company was retained earnings, plus capital attribution but we continue to work through all of the other initiatives we have to optimize leverage including compression trades and pay-offs and the like. That is actually happening a little bit more slowly than we have thought just broadly in the industry it still presents an opportunity if not the most sizeable opportunity but we are diligently getting after it.  And then with respect to SCAR we estimate it in clearly it’s the complex calculation so we will be slightly wrong in our estimate. We estimated it to have a benefit to the firm of 35 points and for the bank of 45 points. Yes we would expect that at some point it will be ultimately adopted by the U.S. regulators but that doesn’t look likely to be helping our numbers this year or next.
Marianne Lake: I mean I wish we could be -- I wish we could actively manage it down because it’s part of our part of our (inaudible) calculation but the truth of the matter is a factor of activity level.
