Doug Braunstein: Thanks, operator. I am going to take everybody through the earnings presentation. It's available on the website as you know and we'll take questions after the presentation, and kindly take a note of the slide in the back of the presentation regarding forward-looking statements. With that, let me start on page one. We generated $4.8 billion of net income in the quarter, $1.12 per share. That’s on revenues of $26.7 billion. For the full year, you see we generated $17.4 billion in net income. That’s up 48% over last year; $3.96 per share, and revenues slightly under $105 billion. Our full year return on tangible common equity was 15%. We are highlighting a number of significant items in the quarter. It has not had reaction in the quarter, but I just want to walk through these quickly and make sure we have clarity around them. The first is we added a net increase in RFS to loan loss allowances of what equates to $0.14 a share reduction in earnings, and just quickly that $930 million pretax does not include a one-time adjustment, I'll talk about when we get to home lending of $632 million release of reserves that correspond to an increase in net charge-offs, which is basically awash [ph], but I'll get into more detail later on that. Card, we reduced our loan loss allowances by what equates to $0.30 a share increase in earnings. We also took an increase in litigation reserve predominantly mortgage related that reduced earnings $0.22 a share. And additionally, at the end we recognized the $1.2 billion pretax or $0.18 a share after-tax gain in corporate, and that's largely related to the repositioning of our securities portfolio, and in addition that's going to have a negative impact on NII in successive quarters. Broadly speaking very solid performance across most of the businesses, but I will talk about each of those in turn, and then finally just a note on our common ratios. Tier 1 common ended the year at $115 billion. We had very strong Basel I Tier 1 common ratio of 9.8%, and you see here our estimated Basel III ratio of 7%, which as you know is the minimum requirement for Jan 1, 2019.
Doug Braunstein: So, NIM is down about 13 basis points quarter-on-quarter. That’s been a function of the repositioning we talked about, a little less positive effect from dollar-roll financing. We'd expect NIM to be flat to minus 5 basis points in the first quarter of this year. The broader question on NII in general, you’re going to have offsets between, what we’ve shared with you is run-off in our portfolios in RFS and Card, and those are things that we’ve been – that’s WaMu related in large part and we planned to do that, and that’s offset by what we see as beginning trends in growth in our loan portfolio across wholesale.
Doug Braunstein: John, the one other comment I’d make is, as we run-off these portfolios, it’s also going to liberating capital for us, right? So, that’s the other thing to keep in mind.
Doug Braunstein: I think, early in the year, we'll probably be charging that – expensing that stuff, but you all – a lot of you have done your own numbers, showing that we're probably fully reserved, so once it's really determined, we're fully reserved, we'd probably be hitting that against the reserve.
Doug Braunstein: It's got nothing to do with claims in per se. We can make our own judgments about how we're going to go about handling most of the securities litigation. You all again have done your own estimates in that, and those range for us from $3 billion to $10 billion or $12 billion or something like that. I think the way to look at it is, we've – and maybe uniquely, we've put up litigation reserves forward. We don't know what the ultimate number could be, we can be higher or lower. We're not saying we're done, but it's going be years before this plays out. This litigation is going to be fought almost securitization by securitization. There is almost no other way to do it. Very high, you got to prove causality, their reps and warranties are low; you got to do it loan by loan. This could be a long ugly mess. The important thing is, it's not going to be life threatening to JPMorgan, and it will be years before we know the ultimate outcome.
Doug Braunstein: So, let me make just a statement about Durbin that part of what happened in Durbin was this notion that retailers pay zero for cash and zero for checks, and they were paying 70 or 80 basis points per debit card. Well, the fact is, cash cost retailers, and a lot of study is done on this; 30 to 70 basis points. They’ve got to process it, handle it, move it, ensure it; bank it. They need registers and there’s lot of defalcation, what's that called? Checks cost also 70 basis points, so, for the same basic reasons. Okay, so debit was just – so, massively, guarantee check, which is the equivalent to a debit, like you get your money right away and it is guaranteed, you’re not taking the fraud or credit risk is $1.20, 1.2% if you want to go guarantee a check. So, that was a false premise. The other false premise is that somehow, in a fixed cost business, you could price at variable cost and survive. No business in the world comprises products you go over cost and survive. So, this debit thing had enormous benefit for consumers, even for retailers. It was faster. How this happened is completely beyond us and we have to figure it out. You can't price your products at variable cost and survive as a business. So, we’re going to have to figure out a way and we want to do it that’s consumer friendly and fair, but of course, the consumer has got to pay, and they weren’t paying for debit before. So, we don’t exactly know. We’re going to test a whole bunch of things. Remember, it might be – not just – we might just charge for checking. You might charge for debit. You might just have higher deposit balances, and you’re right, you might keep a little bit more spread, so, that’s all going to sort out both in a competitive sense and a legal sense is, as we figure how to deal with it, but our biggest concern right now is to do it in a way that's consumer friendly as possible. We also think they'll have the adverse consequences of making a portion of current bank clients unbanked. You will not be able to profitably serve them. And my current estimate will be about 5%. I'm not sure that was a good public policy issue either.
Doug Braunstein: No, the whole bunch of stuff, the detritus of the storm.Guy Moszkowski – Banc of America -Merrill Lynch: Okay. Also speaking of swings in the Investment Bank, there was about an $800 million swing in credit portfolio revenue versus the third quarter. That probably doesn’t have any provision impacts, right, because it’s just a revenue number. So I was just wondering if you could help us understand that swing.
Doug Braunstein: You’re right, most of that – I think the large part of that is just from dropping more volatile quarters from last year.
Doug Braunstein: Yes, but we also realized a $1 billion of gains, really gains that reduces the AOCI because that would have been there, and remember, we did that early and we're doing that to protect, not just protect the AOCI, but if you look at our interest rate exposures, we're positively, if loan rates go up, it will help us, and if short rates go up, it will help us a teeny bit. So, we've positioned the company for raising rates and I think we did a little bit early…Guy Moszkowski – Banc of America -Merrill Lynch: Yes, you were talking about it a year ago or more.
Doug Braunstein: So, we had disclosed at one point that our net exposures were $20 billion in the GIPSY [ph] countries. That number is down substantially now, but the important part is that we also continue to do business there with sovereigns, with corporates, with governments, with institutions because we have a lot of clients, and so we're letting the client side do that. Obviously, those exposures come back and hold us at one point, but we're not going to stop doing business in those countries. So, yet the businesses are down a little bit, I don't think there is any mystery to it and are there opportunities to get from it. Yes, I think the opportunities come from continuing to service our clients, not running. That's the real opportunity that people know you're there for the client in good times and bad times.
Doug Braunstein: I wouldn't count on something like that. We believe the highest use that we would ever do is organic growth. If something came up that really made a tremendous amount of sense, it is our obligation to look about and think about it, but I'm not sure that will happen.
Doug Braunstein: We are going to continue to do business in all those countries. We have clients in those countries. They rely on us. We want to be there for them, but not a fair-weather friend, and could we lose money from that? Absolutely. We could be making a mistake but that will be okay. We're supposed to be there for them in good times and bad times. I personally think that Europe will muddle [ph] through this situation. They've demonstrated and I think the regulators and the leaders have demonstrated that they are going to fix this. It's a little bit of stop and start. Obviously, there is some disagreements, but you have seen a lot of very strong statements that they are going to get through this and I would bet on that. That's the likely outcome. Now we have bet in the company, but I do think that's the likely outcome. I do think over time, they've got some serious structural issues they have to fix.
Doug Braunstein: I don’t think Europe had any effect on TSS at all. I know that we did much better in trade finance. We did better in trade finance we had linked quarter, we get a little bit of an impact from the ADR business which is up quarter-on-quarter and a little better impact from assets under custody, but I'm not sure if we can get back to you on the specifics for Europe, but in general that's a quarter-over-quarter change.
Doug Braunstein: But I will add, Moshe, there are some things, there are components of our balance sheet that we plan on running off, that were part and parcel of some of the mitigating actions as the impact to Basel III takes place. So there are going to be some assets that we will change over time because they’re very high utilizers of our WA [ph] on a Basel III basis. Those will come off balance sheet regardless of whether we’re building other components in the balance sheet.
Doug Braunstein: Actually some of that was moved to what I would call spread product, which has the exact effect of what you are saying, but it protects you in a rising rate environment, and so which we thought was a wise thing to do. That portfolio is used to, both to reinvest excess deposits and to balance all the asset liability management of the company, and right now we’re asset sensitive. We just think that’s the right place to be. Can we change it or reduce the size of that portfolio? Absolutely. Those are big portfolio decisions which we try to make at the appropriate time. We really can’t look at it relating to long term debt. I mean the long term debt is a lot of it swapped and a lot of the assets are also swapped.
Doug Braunstein: And the full run rate affected as early on the numbers and that’s 700 – we told you that's $700 million in net income, and that was full run rate in 3Q and now 4Q.
Doug Braunstein: I just want to back on that. Our first two quarters next year because of the phase-in was over time will be down quarter-over-quarter because of the impact, the full year impact of the overdraft.
Doug Braunstein: You know the balance for the NPLs is more balanced towards real estate. So, as we brought it down, it was predominantly real estate, but it was across the board.
Doug Braunstein: We do that to keep it clean and move on. I would say when we've been doing it it's been economic to do so. So, in large part, the reduction in NPLs, we were either reserved for or actually got some recoveries as a result of that.
Doug Braunstein: The last thing I would remind everybody too is, in ’09, which was record revenues, that’s in part because spreads blew out quite significantly. So, we are looking at aggregate numbers here where volumes are up, spreads have normalized and revenues are on a historical basis are pretty solid.
Jamie Dimon: This is Jamie for one second. So Doug, I just want to reiterate a lot of you raised the question that reserves came down by $2 billion. On this page, you see them coming down by approximately $1 billion, and the difference is $600 million, which we have accelerated charge-offs, which are already recognized in reserves, and reserves are taken down, and then there's other $400 million, which is all various – obviously all related type stuff. There is a little confusion out there about where that came from, but the $600 million, obviously is a timing difference. It didn’t affect income. Charge-offs were accelerated, reserves were taken down.
Jamie Dimon: Corporate NIM will be down quite a bit dollar amount, but we'll give you the guidance in that, and Card will be down $500 million or $600 million as it runs off. The home equity; the run-off for mortgage is about $700 million. Those will be disappearing in the next year.
Jamie Dimon: We don’t really know yet because it's hard to tell. But, Card, what we said is, it will start to grow but maybe late in the year because most of run-off will be done, but the mortgage stuff will be running off for years. We may or may not replace it, and corporate is completely discretionary, and we’ve decided to reduce the exposures in some of the portfolios there reducing the corporate net interest income.
Jamie Dimon: What he means is, we're fairly done give or take a little bit. We don't know – obviously, it's a little bit to play out here, so…
Jamie Dimon: I really – Betsy, I did not check, they have to come down, because the originations have come down, and I just didn’t look at the pipeline. I’d be surprised if they were $50 billion of closed loans this quarter.
Jamie Dimon: Okay. So, the commercial bank loans have been up – middle market, other loan – remember, you also brought a portfolio, but the middle market is up – has been up every quarter the last three or four quarters, not because utilization, just more loans. And we think that’s a very good thing. It could be a little bit of market share, but I anecdotally hear from other people that there is loan growth there too. So, our early indicators are that we’ll continue to see loan growth this year, and early indicators are people requesting it in industrial production and inventory numbers, and all the things which could drive kind of loan demand. In credit card, yes, there is going to be a seasonal drop in the first quarter, and so you – and I've got the numbers, that's always in the 4%, 5%, plus for us, you've got $3 billion run-off. So, the drop could be something like $10 billion in the first quarter. By the third quarter – so, the run-off is a couple of billion dollars a quarter after that, but underlying that, we're actually seeing some growth now. So, you might actually see net growth by the fourth quarter.
Jamie Dimon: Well, the rules have not been finished yet, but we are obviously preparing. We will be equal to house [ph], okay? So, if you want to go through us and go to a clearing house, we will be prepared, and it is possible volumes will go up. So, we gave you guys a number like the $1 billion loss of potential revenue, but we don’t really know. We've seen a lot of things and they go to clearing houses, volumes go up, spreads can change a little bit, but it might be a net plus. But you could assume that we are building rapidly to make sure we are the best out there in the new world.
Jamie Dimon: Good morning Guy.Guy Moszkowski – Banc of America -Merrill Lynch: First of all just a comment, that outlook page that you used to do was actually pretty useful, even though yes you do go through the different units, so I'd be a fan of putting it back in.
Jamie Dimon: It's largely for private label mortgage and mortgage related type of stuff. Foreclosure settlement, we don't have any foreclosure settlement, but there was – it is hundreds of millions of dollars of higher costs that we kind of either expensed or accrued for the delay in foreclosure for the affidavit issue.
Jamie Dimon: No, we had settled most of the GSE stuff; the GSE put back rep and warranty issue which had already been settled regarding WaMu. That have been done in some time a year ago something.
Jamie Dimon: It's kind of the moot point, but if they wanted to settle it all at once, it'd be fine with us. It's getting more and more developed. The loss curves are getting more developed. They know their own numbers. Both Fannie and Freddie are working with us, giving us files. We look at the files. We turn them back. We're just trying to all get it behind.
Jamie Dimon: Well, it’s a different issue. There is whole bunch of stuff going, WaMu to settle and finalize all this stuff. Then there is the private label. WaMu is about a third of the private label. We think that their response with that piece – again, the analysts, you all have done estimates in this and between our reserves and even some of your estimates, I guess, it’s going to take a long time to resolve. So, my attitude is, it’s going to be resolved. It maybe more, maybe last, but it’s not going to be terrible for us whether or not WaMu pick their one-third.
Jamie Dimon: It is behind us, but the big piece is – and now, it's going to go on for years. I don’t think this stuff will be – we’ll be talking about this every quarter for next three years.
Jamie Dimon: My hope is that people get more and more comfortable that while we’re talking about it is, like, something is going to change the future of JPMorgan. It’s just going to be a few adjustments in a few quarters, up or down when this is all resolved.
Jamie Dimon: I would say it’s similar; and higher unemployment, home prices going down, and we do this ourselves anyway by the way, and stress testing, market results and stuff like that, but a lot more detail. I mean, a tremendous amount more detail, and in any event, I – even under highly stressed environments JPMorgan has been retaining an awful lot of capital. We are looking for ways to use that capital, and (inaudible).
Jamie Dimon: Yes, and whether they come up with similar numbers or not, I don’t know, but the fact is we're going to have plenty of capital. And we also think that 7% Basel III is plenty of capital. In fact, I think this stress test will confirm that. That's just us and all the banks. That’s what capital is for to deal with stress, and then for the most part, I think, banks will be able to feel a lot of stress at 7% Basel III. We don’t add capital on top of capital at this point.
Jamie Dimon: I'll remind you of the Basel, 7% Basel III is more akin to 11% Basel I. The first stress test in Basel I was 4%.
Jamie Dimon: Look, I – no, I think, the regulators are looking at the issues, and this is a world – global issue, because all the regulators overseas think it should be a lot more, and some think it's sufficient, and I hope America takes a rational position and a leadership position, that's what I hope. We don’t have to do what everyone overseas think should be done. We should take a leadership position in the United States of what we think is appropriate. Personally, I think 7% is plenty. I think, you can many arguments why some of the big companies were stabilizers in the storm, as opposed to systemic risks in the storm.
Jamie Dimon: We got to react to circumstances but more likely now you'll see nothing next year for that category.
Jamie Dimon: I'd like to make a comment about litigation. So, I did mention before about the detritus of the storm. I think it's also reasonable that after you've had a storm like this, like the litigation follows years later. So I'm not saying there won't be other litigation. For instance, things will and you've seen tons of it, some of it's completely frivolous, but some may not be. So, I can't say there won't be any litigation expense in next year of size.
Jamie Dimon: I guess we have normal business growth in 2011, which will use some of the balance sheet, and we’re still waiting for final guidance from the regulators on what the capital requirement is going to be etcetera. But listen, we can build the balance sheet much quicker, if and when we feel it’s appropriate.
Jamie Dimon: We always have – we can always make a portfolio decision to put assets on the balance sheet to create more NII, that’s why I would talk about excess capitals earnings in store, you can use it whenever you want. You can use it wisely and use at the right time. We don’t want to do that and have huge unrealized losses. We are actually trying to protect ourselves from that.
Jamie Dimon: Late March that they will be giving companies guidance on capital. So that capital to me is dividends and stock buyback and at that point in time and if we have a little more guidance on the ultimate outcome of what the capital needs to be, like it’s going to be more than 7% our Board will take the appropriate action. I hope we'll institute a dividend right away.
Jamie Dimon: It's just two large assets that were moved to non-performing and remember non-performing has specific reserves against it. So, we're not worried about that at all.
Jamie Dimon: I don’t know either you guys can guess to as much as we can. So far the year start up was pretty good and your outlook you can have a very good year in trading and investment banking this year. But your guess is as good as my guess, so use your own.
Jamie Dimon: I don’t think it was investment spend. I think it's just – the way you show that these expenses will grow with our businesses over time, we are not – it's not like we have a massive additional expense waiting in addition to that. There are lot of expenses which will eventually go away. There was a little over $300 million from the affidavit in this quarter. There is $300 million of foreclosure expense. There is obviously a lot of the mortgage charge-offs will reduce dramatically over time, but it's not to expense, and there was obviously the litigation stuff which hopefully won't be reoccurring. I look at it by business. It's very hard for me to look at the aggregate.
Jamie Dimon: Depending – right now we’re planning for good organic growth and we don’t know what the capital rules. It is possible all that comes out. We don’t need additional debt [ph], that is possible that they'll do other things with balance sheet and figure how to – but all of that we’ve done to protect the company and to make good money for the shareholder.
Jamie Dimon: On the Durbin, you have to – you can't run your business where you are charging things at durable cost. So, in some ways, you're going to have to look at ways of repricing the business and that may not come from a price you see, and they just come from higher – you have to keep higher deposits on balance to have reduced fees. It may come from checking account fees, where we've seen a lot of people around the country eliminate free checking. But I think ultimately, most of that will get reprised into the business. It's very hard to run a business where you can't charge for your products.
Jamie Dimon: Yes, but it will take time. We're very confident of doing it right. Like design the right products for right people. As I said before, it may drive some clients out of the business into the non-banks because there may be no way to reprice those clients since you can't collect other fees or may be the accounts are too small. Remember, for a whole bunch of clients, it may not matter that much at all. They already have high balances. They're already quite profitable. So we'll have to figure it out and we're doing a lot of thinking and a lot of testing. Remember, it's effective July. So we have still lot of time to figure it all out.
Jamie Dimon: Just as run rate normal, and customers are going to get – care for how to do things. So we're not looking for it as a growth item, it's just another item in the income statement.
Jamie Dimon: Some of it was, some that we sold and get rid off and reduced, but I don't know if there was any particular – it wasn’t real estate particularly.
Jamie Dimon: That’s a good one. We are economic analysts. We don’t do that to show lower numbers. We do that because we think it’s the right thing to do to manage our credit portfolio economically.
Jamie Dimon: I don't think it's structural, and I don't think it's an overhang of Euro concerns either, I think, it's the ebbs and flow of trading. Rates were very strong early in the year, and I know it came down a little bit. The last couple of weeks in December are almost always low. Credit has been very strong all year, and I think, it was a little slower this quarter. So all – just trading changes, that's the way it is. But I don't think either structural or Europe. I think, so far this year it's started off pretty good.
Jamie Dimon: I think the first answer is that I think, we had a – I'm not going to call artificial, but we had a bump up in '09, which I think we've told our shareholders we expected to come down a little bit in 2010 because the competitions come back full force, which I think is a good thing, Dick, so I'm not – we knew it's going to happen, but it happened, and so I think that's part of it. Over time, we've kind of gained share, and then in some other areas, equity, a lot more done in China, Asia which we can do, though we haven't just got license to do it. M&A, we – a couple of the first thing we had, didn't happen, so we're comfortable with our franchise. We think we have a fabulous investment banking franchise and we will defend it.
Jamie Dimon: First of all, we feel like we have a lot of liquidity. I know, everyone is showing their liquidity ratios, the new liquidity numbers, but I'm not sure they're all equally done, nor all business is the same. So if you had a big retail business you may not feel the need for that, if you’re a big wholesale funded business you might feel a need for a lot more of that. So we feel fine where we are. If we wanted to drive that number up, we can easily do that at no cost to the company. But I’m not sure whether it will help us, and the only thing I look at which is important is, if you look at our balance sheet, there’s a $300 billion portfolio, mostly very high quality stuff. So there are lot of short-term assets, repo, and we have $1 trillion of deposits and $700 billion of loans. We look at that as a very stable funding source. That’s true in almost every single business, but deposits are far in excess of loans as you can see in middle market.
Jamie Dimon: Yes, and we just – I just saw your report that came out, between capital and these LCR ratios, the LCR hasn’t all been issued – isn't all finished either, but there are some serious issues about how we look at certain types of deposits and certain types of revolvers.
Jamie Dimon: I think we have built a world class trading business, and I think if you go back several years ago, that wasn’t completely true. We had extremely volatile results. We weren’t strong in a lot of areas. Now, we are strong in a lot of different – we've always had some historical strengths. We are still building the commodity side, which we are going to continue to build. And yes, so if you look at shares, like, if you look at Greenwich Reports and other people who report shares, our shares have gone up dramatically in trading, and I am talking about over years now, I am not talking over quarters.
Jamie Dimon: Again, we are purely economic. So, we are not going to sell something just to sell it and sell at a low cost, but sometimes, you think it’s worth X, the buyer thinks it’s worth a little bit more than X. Sometimes, we are better able to handle it. They are more local, the more capable etcetera, so I wouldn’t read anything into that other than it’s the normal pruning of what we do and how we look at our exposures, and I don’t think had any material effect in the numbers this quarter.
Jamie Dimon: Yes, I think there was a little bit more risk appetite or as the year progressed, there was more risk appetite for people to take on things like that.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. Well, our folks are working hard. I mean, if you have questions that simply weren’t answered just send them in to Lauren, but you are going to hear from every business and we’d talk about the future, the growth opportunities. We'll have obviously balance sheet returns, targets. We are going to try to cover the whole bank for you and we feel great about the company, and when you look at the underlying results here, we are growing; we've got a lot of businesses. They are all doing quite well. They have done well through this crisis. We never stopped making money. We never stopped investing. We never stopped marketing. We never stopped helping clients around the world. So, this company's got – I think the future is extremely bright and in spite of all the headwinds. I think if you are a owner of bank stocks, you could make a long, long list of all kinds of things hanging over banks, regulatory, Basel, and I think there is some truth to that but also during the course either some of those things will be resolved and will go on. They may have negative effect, positive effect. There are always unintended consequences but there's a chance some of those will be positive too.
Richard Bove – Rochdale Securities: Hi, I apologize on my voice. On page 20 of the handout, you show a pretty sizable decline in market share and rank in each one of quite a number of your investment banking positions, and I'm just wondering what happened there.
Richard Bove – Rochdale Securities: The other question is on the balance sheet. If you take a look at Citigroup or Bank of America's cash position, and their net fed funds position, they seem to be overloaded with cash, whereas on your balance sheet if I net out the fed fund position against your cash position, you don’t seem to have as a whole driving up the liquidity on the balance sheet. So I’m wondering, what is the difference in philosophy between the two companies, two groups of companies.
Richard Bove – Rochdale Securities: I hope you are convinced these people in the regulatory area that the industry now does have an excessive amount of capital relative then to any time in its history, and it’s just a ridiculous position, but thank you very much.
