Marianne Lake: So there are a couple of different questions in there and maybe I'll try and separate them. My comments about the seasonality in the fourth quarter were most particularly towards markets revenues and less so towards the IB revenue space. With IB revenues, it's a mixed story, so, talking now about the sort of banking revenues rather than the markets revenues. So the pipeline for M&A remains very constructive and really pretty good. So we're expecting to continue to have strength in M&A in the fourth quarter. With ECM you saw obviously a pretty sharp falloff in activity in the third quarter. We have seen the pipeline in ECM, to the degree that that shows you visibility in the fourth quarter, which is somewhat limited, we have seen that build up. And so there is possibility that we'll be able to pull through some of that into the fourth quarter. But that will depend upon how the markets behave. With respect to DCM, our sort of guidance there was that, you know, commentary really to the strength of the fourth quarter last year, and on relative basis, the pipeline is down. And it's really to do with the normal refinances are slowing and the maturity wall is smaller. But it's still healthy, just not going to be at the same levels that we saw last year.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. I mean, look, the situation for us in markets was one where, you know, where there was volatility, regardless of how you want to characterize it, and people were acting - our clients were acting on the back of that, we were able to capitalize on that flow, we were able to intermediate for our clients, but our capital (risk makes) money, and so we did pretty well where there was volatility. And where there wasn't, it was more about, to your point, more about low levels of activity, people on the sidelines. So it was just tougher to make money because less was happening, rather than anything else more significant than that. But so far in the fourth quarter, I mean we're two weeks in it, too early to say, but there's not been a tremendous change in the landscape.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So I would -- so, looking at the revenue rate guidance, so, remember our guidance previously had been you should expect our revenue rate to be at the low end of the 12%, 12-1/2% range. The most important thing we want you to take away from talking about our co-brand partners is that we feel great about having signed up United Airlines and Southwest Airlines and partnering with them again for the medium term. And the economics of those deals on a standalone basis are still really very good, but the cobrand space is very competitive, and when any of those contracts are going to be renegotiated at this point, they're going to be renegotiated to competitive levels. And so it's really the fact that we're seeing that is going to come through in our revenue rate in the fourth quarter, which is going to push it down to below 12%. And it doesn't change the fact that the ROE target for the business is still 20% and that the economics of those partnerships is still good. And remember these -- UCR: Just giving the numbers. It's $200 million a quarter for four quarters until last.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So I would say, first of all, we gave some expense goals in Investor Day to both consumer businesses as well as for the CIB. And those were I think pretty sizable goals, $2 billion in 2017 versus 2014 for the consumer businesses and $2.8 billion in 2017 versus 2014 for the CIB. And we are working through that, we are on track in both of them. I think I said earlier that, adjusted, the consumer businesses in the three quarters so far are $700 million down year over year in expenses. So, against the $2 billion target, we're certainly getting there. And on CIB, we expected 2015 to be mainly about forcing out those business simplification expenses, and we've essentially done that too. So we're on track, we're pushing hard. We still have work to do. We are always going to be diligent on our expenses, and generally speaking, at Investor Day we also said we're going to on or down, which is actually pushing hard to keep them down, but not at the expense of good investments in the business. So, obviously we are going to respond appropriately to the revenue pressure but not overreact.
Marianne Lake: So, Mike, thanks for that. So, $700 million, if you adjust for legal expense in the consumer businesses, year to date we'll do some more in the fourth quarter. And year to date on business simplification, which I think in total was about $1.5 billion, we've done $1.3 billion. So in total, that $2 billion so far, obviously more work to do in 2016. With respect to the adjusted overhead ratio, it speaks a bit more to seasonality of revenues than anything else.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So we did better than we had targeted for -- on our non-op deposits. We went -- we worked very, very hard, but we told you we would, on derivative, notionals, compressionals or Level 3 assets. It is absolutely the case, not to diminish the amount of what we've done and the progress we've made, that we obviously went after the most impactful, you know, least impactful to the clients, most impactful to the ratio, with the less revenue give-up first [ph]. And so we made great progress. It becomes increasingly, not exponentially, but increasingly more difficult for every next basis point. So that's not to say, by the way, that we aren't continuing to work very hard at it and optimize and that we won't push further, but we're not at a place right now where we're going to target anything structurally below this, except for over the longer term just continuing to work through it. And our overall capital target, we're at 11.4% now, our overall capital target still in the short to medium term is still 12%.
Marianne Lake: A couple of really small points on CCAR [ph] for next year for what it's worth, is we were constrained in CCAR [ph] by leverage. We have issued $6 billion of preferreds in the year. We are reacting to try and make sure that we are managing our binding constraints or our most binding constraints. So we're working on that. The other thing to note is that we're at 11.4% as we sit here now, so we're not gliding a long way from where we need to get to. And both of those things, together with obviously our profitability, should mean that we have incremental opportunity. But our range is 55% to 75%, and we hope to be in that range.
Marianne Lake: So, just a couple of things. First of all, I think the FSB [ph] thing was a sort of leak, so it's as good as it is. I will tell you that the news on structured notes was not strongly positive, but we hadn't banked on it being. So, not entirely pleasing but not disappointing relative to our sort of models and expectations. Other things to pay attention to anyway are there's no change to the internal TLAC [ph] assumptions. The holding -- the clean holding company rule is one that we're watching out for. But fundamentally -- and then there was the timing. Is there going to be a substantially elongated transition period? I would call it all sort of fairly marginal, so it hasn't changed the overall picture for us. We're at around 16% and we'll figure out the FSB [ph] that's leaked out, wasn't shockingly different, and we'll see how the Fed respond.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So with respect to the fourth quarter, we are expecting our loans to grow, and overall net-net sort of rotation of our cash and securities to loans would be supportive of NII. But remember, the biggest boost to our NIM was associated -- or one of the big boosts to our NIM was associated with changing the mix, reducing our overall cash balances, and so where [inaudible] going on. The outlook for the fourth quarter being relatively flat was associated with market-implied rates which are relatively flat. And so in the law of big numbers, that plus or minus a few basis points is what we're expecting. With respect to looking out to 2016, obviously we don't know what's going to happen with the curve. If rates stay very flat, we should still have upward pressure on our NII associated with the change in mix of our balance sheet. So the fact that we've got a smaller interest-earning asset base and more loans and less cash and less securities should be supported, even on flat rates. We don't know when rates will rise, but if market-implieds are followed or if the Fed does or anything like real estate, then that will be even more constructive. And remember, in the first year we got the biggest benefit from shortened [ph] rates in the first 50 basis points of them.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So I would say that, first of all, with respect to purchase credit impaired, with this release we did on the 375, that's our baseline expectation for that portfolio. So our baseline expectation is no material incremental reserve. Obviously if things improve and they're sustained, then there may be more reserve releases. But I wouldn't try and model those. With respect to the non-credit impaired portfolio we talked about, you've seen our charge-offs at normalized 14 basis points. Our portfolio quality is really getting quite high. We're fighting through most of the significant risks. So, reserve releases will be more modest and a little bit more periodic. And several hundred million dollars next year, maybe 300 plus or minus, but not significantly more than that.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. I mean, look, our efficiency target at 55% was over three years or so, and we still will be driving to get to around that level, but it does, as you quite rightly mentioned, includes not just rates rising but a fair degree of normalization in rates. So we'll see what happens in 2016. Obviously it's possible. But we're not going to call an outlook on rates next year.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So we've taken some modest reserves in the last few quarters and our overall reserve number obviously is consistent with our expectations based upon the outlook for oil prices. There was a redetermination cycle that we reserved for in the first quarter, and so there will be another one in the fall. We've been as forward-leaning on that as we can be. Obviously I'm not saying that there may not be any net incremental reserve build, but we're not expecting them to be significant. A lot of companies have tried to adjust their expense basis and otherwise help their position. So if energy prices stay around these levels and recover slowly, we're expecting net not to have material incremental reserves in the next quarter. We may see some.
Marianne Lake: So just let me deal first of all with production quarter over quarter revenues. Margins are down -- margins are down for two principal reasons. So, remember, quarter over quarter, at least on a closed loan volume, we were at a consistent level. Margins are down because we moved -- our mixed shift towards correspondent from retail towards purchase from refi, as well as capacity in the industry, you know, more capacity in the industry, and therefore less constraints. So the production quarter-over-quarter revenue is more of a margin number than anything. With respect to year over year, I do want to make this clear, with respect to the guidance year over year that we should expect non-interest revenue for the mortgage company in totality, to be down $250 million, that brings our total year-over-year NII [ph] down around $1 billion, maybe a little more, which is what we guided to at Investor Day. And it's more off the back of lower repurchase reserve releases, lower gains on Ginnie Mae sales and [inaudible] against [ph] the, you know, sort of non-fee-based revenues that are to do with third-party UPB, as well as runoff in the UPB. So it's consistent with our guidance. It wasn't fully reflected in everyone's models. I think there was a third part to your question, but I have -- oh, expenses, yes. Thank you. And on expenses, in the -- there are two -- so we continue to work very hard in our expense equation, both in terms of managing down the -- particularly in the servicing space by the way, managing down the default inventory in a number of different ways, but also investing in our operating model, so, in technology, to improve the production, operations, cycle, process, also in our site strategy. So, no, we are not done. We continue to work very hard at it. We have made great progress, but we continue to work hard at it.
Marianne Lake: So, look, obviously, we're not going to comment on anything specific. We would be willing to take and we do take a look at things when they come up. And if we are able to price for the risk and it's in a client segment or an entity [ph] we like, we might be interested. But there's no -- we have no special comments on it. What we're really interested in is growing our underlying core loans with our customers that we can continue to do business with.
Marianne Lake: So, not if default [ph] happen. I mean it's to do -- it depends on whether it's reserve-based lending or whether it's not. But as companies are either downgraded or as they are experiencing change in financial condition or the borrowing base is redetermined, we will act accordingly. We try to be as forward-leaning on that as is possible, but it's not, you know, we don't have perfect insight until some of that information becomes clear. So that's the process.
Marianne Lake: Yeah. So it's obviously a really great question. Unfortunately, we really don't guide to our sort of forward-looking issuance. You're right, we are above 150 basis points right now. And we're also working on our leverage balance sheet. So we're working at the sort of dials exactly as you would expect us to, but we are not going to make any comments about forward issuance.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So the pipeline for 2016 is building up, so we don't have perfect visibility yet. We think, obviously, the deals that were being done in 2015 were skewed towards larger deals and we think there may be flown in 2016, but it looks pretty healthy for us so far, but it's building up.
Marianne Lake: Yes. I mean, I think over the last several quarters, and forgive me if I'm slightly wrong, but I don't think I'm entirely wrong, our sort of C&I growth has been broadly in line with the industry. Remember that over the course of 2013 and 2014, we did a lot of work on simplifying our businesses, and that had an impact on the pace of our loan growth. But our mature markets are performing well. We're seeing growth in our expansion market. We're adding new clients. We're calling our prospects. So, everything is set to continue to see growth more going forward than we have in the past.
Marianne Lake: There was about, in CIB, there was about $47 million of metals and mining, about net-net $20 million of BAU growth, and then just a few other normal BAU puts and takes, downgrades, upgrades. Other than those three things, there was no one specific fall-out.
Marianne Lake: So, of the $19 billion that -- of the $19 billion that we put on our balance sheet, around 10, just a little over 10, was jumbo. The rest was conventional conforming.
Marianne Lake: So you are right that, at this kind of 2-1/2%, one of these base point levels in card, it does speak to the quality of the loans we're originating and the engagement with the customers, which is much more now about driving, yes, some NII, but really, really good spend and therefore lower credit quality. It's sort of an integrated equation. We're expecting, given our originations and the runoff portfolio are the worst loans running off in the portfolio that we're building is really very, very clean. We're expecting that those charge-off rates to be low for the short to medium term, the readout for the next year for sure. There will be a combination of things that would drive that. It would -- but largely it would be environmental. We don't expect at this point we have made changes to our credit books, but they aren't material changes, and we'll continue to test our appetite to want to do that, and that may have an impact. But we're originating the vast majority of our cards in the super-prime sector.
Marianne Lake: Similar, yes. I mean we're, compared to the industry, our originations are skewed to the prime space. And our LTVs are lower. And the -- our durations are in line or lower.
Marianne Lake: Well, I would -- the biggest comment I would make is that there was a lot of volatility, particularly in China in the second part of or the last part of the second quarter. We were -- we did pretty well, we helped our clients, we didn't have significant open risk position, we weren't very directional, so we were able to do well in that situation. Also in the reverse, also on currency moves. So really -- it really is the comment I made about we're here to serve our clients. They were transacting. We were able to do risk intermediation [interj] for them. And so we kind of made money on both ends.
Marianne Lake: So let me just talk qualitatively for a second and we'll get you some numbers. But we're focused on mobile and digital primarily because it's going to be great for the customer experience. It's what our customers want. And also because it's a significant enabler for reducing cost to serve and improving efficiency. So we've been very focused on whether it's quick deposit, whether it's quick pay, whether it's our mobile wallet, whether it's our mobile app, and we've been seeing great results. I'm, off the top of my head, not able to tell you the penetration rate, but we can get back to you.
Marianne Lake: I can tell you that we are growing our deposits nearly twice the industry, that -- so I think that's a reasonable indication for a bunch of different reasons, and that we have a very highly rated app -- I think the most highly-rated bank app, but we'll check that too.
Jamie Dimon: I've spoken my whole life about good expenses and bad expenses. You know, bad expenses are wastes, things you don't need, you don't [inaudible] through processing, things like that. But we want certain expenses to go up. When we find marketing opportunities in card, we're going to spend. If the investment bank does better, the comp accrual [ph] is going to go up. So that's how we run the Company. It's not ever going to change.
Jamie Dimon: I just want to add, in the new world, we have to obviously monitor and push down to all the business levels, GCIB, CCAR [ph], Basel, LCR and SLR, and we want to optimize all of them. So we're only doing this for a couple of years now, as we embed it in our systems, it was a better way to track and monitor it. Over time I would expect the GCIB will come down a little bit. So, you know, it only comes down in lumps, you've got to make a big difference to go from 43-1/2, but when I say over time, I'm talking about years. I'm not talking about anything that's this quarter. We're very comfortable where we are today, but over years, yeah, you might change your business strategy, but I think it's a better thing not to be an outlier in GCIB.
Jamie Dimon: It has nothing to do with next year, Betsy. When I say over time, just it's happened that JPMorgan built a global corporate investment bank, 70% of it is financial institution and 30% corporate. We easily could have been built the other way around, it's who you focus on over time. So when I say over time, it might be quite easy for us to say over five to six years, let's focus more on the corporates and less in financials, and that will affect your GCIB fairly substantially. So that's what I'm talking about. It's nothing to do with CCAR [ph] for next year or anything like that.
Jamie Dimon: And the reserve-based lending, you basically take essentially current prices, you discount at a discount rate, you assume expenses, you have to really engineer your cores [ph] and things like that, and you see if you can make -- roll over the loan at a sound, call it 65% LTV, and we think it's pretty good. That's what we're here for, to lend to clients, particularly in tough times. You can't be a bank that every time something goes wrong you run away from your client. And then we also do things like stress test that down to $30 oil, maintain $30 like 18 months and say, which -- how much more reserves [inaudible] put up? And I think somewhere, and you correct this number, Marianne, we're not in the same room, that if that happens, we think we're going to have to put it in $500 million or $750 million in reserves, which is just not something we worry a lot about.
Jamie Dimon: I think the jumbo is like a third ARM. I've got to confirm that these are all fixed. That's what I remember.
