Jamie Dimon: That decision is made all the time. It changes all the time [unintelligible] trade exposures and what securities you like and the timing of sales and stuff like that, so I would just assume it would bounce around. It's not a deliberate growth strategy in securities.
Jamie Dimon: I think on the risk-weighted asset side we talk about natural mitigations. Things are just going to run off over time, actually not really actions we're taking to just securitizations or retail loans, something that's going to run off over time. There will be - and remember we're economic animals. We're not going to sell something that we think is a good asset at a good return because the RWA is too high relative to capital. So no one should look at us and say well we're going to have to sell something cheap to somebody else because we can't hold it. We have plenty of capital. We can hold whatever we want, and we're going to make economic decisions not Basel III weighted decisions. Having said that, I do think that you're going to find people, some other natural owners of certain assets, that don't have the same kind of regulatory or capital stuff. I don't think that's going to be an unbelievable material thing for us. I think if you're in a different kind of business it might be more material. And I do agree with you there are going to be a lot of ways that when people really go through this they're going to be able to manage CGA, DVA, contract, clearinghouses, which will diminish the RWA effect pretty dramatically over time. People will really learn how to manage it better, and we haven't tried to do all that and we're not worried about it because we don't really need the capital.
Jamie Dimon: We're pretty confident in the new world we'll earn good returns for shareholders. And when you talk about re-price, if you're referring to retail, it's going to take a while to design the exact products, the exact fees, exactly the way to do it, so there may be a little timing difference when it's costing us more money as we design those products and roll them out. But eventually we'll have to re-price it, yes.
Jamie Dimon: The way to look at it - first of all it's not lifetime losses exactly. It's kind of more known inestimable, which extends beyond a year in this particular case. Think of it as repurchase losses will be at $1 billion. That may go on more than a year. At one point you won't need the reserves and you'll start to hit the billion against reserves. We just don't know whether that's going to be near the end of 2011 or 2012. But it will be some time in that period. If you just look at vintages and aging and stuff like that eventually you won't need to - the reserves - and the expenses will go against the reserves.
Jamie Dimon: Not specifically. They're waiting for this thing in Korea on November 20, and then at one point we hope to get some guidance. In any event we think we're in very good shape.
Jamie Dimon: I think that everybody's been waiting for final Basel III guidance. Remember the regulators have put us through an additional stress test. And everyone's waiting to get done. I'll make the same statement I've made before. I think it's reasonably hopeful that sometime in the first quarter we can reinstall a dividend or something like that. I think it makes sense to do. I think some banks will start retaining far too much excess capital at one point next year.
Jamie Dimon: Yeah, they are, but they are going through their own calculations and they obviously want to look at the global issues I think before they make any final determinations.
Jamie Dimon: Yeah, I would say fairly short. But that moves around a lot. It may not be the same thing next time we talk to you.
Jamie Dimon: I would say the same thing. We're already very close to the 7% Basel III requirement, which includes that buffer. I know that the Swiss finish came in at 10, which I think is too high. And remember if you go back to the - and remember this should be consistent with the stress test. When the American government did the stress test at 4% Basel I if you made the adjustments to cap at RWA, 7% is close to 12% Basel I. It's almost a triple of what the banks were able to survive under the worst recession of all time under the stress test. So we think the 7 is a very strong number and I personally don't think there's going to be a market for - then the Swiss finish add another 9% for CoCos. I think that's extremely optimistic and almost impossible to occur. So I think they have different issues. The size of the banks versus the size of their country, so they've got to do what they think is right for them. I would put those numbers in the extreme category.
Jamie Dimon: It's going to take several weeks to go through the files and make sure and correct any errors that are in there. Remember we believe the underlying stuff is all accurate. So that's the key substance. And obviously we know there's a lot of state AGs - we've had conversations with them. We're hoping that the normal process can tell us the sooner the better for everybody involved. We don't think there are cases where people have been evicted out of homes where they shouldn't have been. These foreclosures go through multiple processes and so we're hoping it will be sooner rather than later and those conversations are starting to take place.
Jamie Dimon: No. There's nothing in it for this topic. I think the way you should look at this topic is that we're bearing today $7 billion of charge-offs, foreclosure, repurchase costs - this affects reserves. That $7 billion will go up or down based upon the economy and stuff like this. I'm not sure stuff like this is going to dramatically change that number. It may extend it a little bit longer and stuff like that but - and remember we have in total, between repurchase reserves and the $11 billion, we have $14 billion of reserves for repurchases or loan losses. And look, the mortgage thing is - we're halfway through all this. We think we should continue and get done and make sure we do the right things for the consumers, the investors, and the country. And so obviously it will increase our costs a little bit and maybe we'll have to pay penalties eventually to some of the AGs, but we really think we should just continue.
Jamie Dimon: You know our society, right? You know how many lawsuits go on, and class action suits, and stock drop suits, and [unintelligible] suits and WaMu suits and Morgan suits and it ain't going away. It's becoming a cost of doing business. So yes, we always try to get ahead of it. We're not going to give you specific detail. When we're wrong we're going to settle. When we're right we're going to fight. Not all those reserves were mortgage related, they were related to other items we have to deal with as a company, and we do try to be ahead of it. We try to be very ahead of it, because we think it's the right thing to do. 
Jamie Dimon: Well, that's one of the reasons we tell you it's going to come down next quarter, because we don't necessarily expect all of those stable rolls to continue the way they've continued. We're pretty creative in finding ways to do NII, so there are other things to buy and other things to do. But we position the company more and more for raising rates [unintelligible] rates, those portfolios may come down. The benefits to rolls may go away. We don't have to buy low duration mortgage assets. We could buy other things too.
Jamie Dimon: I think the likely outcome is for continued trend down and remember, in the credit card business those losses tend to relate more to new unemployment claims and new unemployment, not just the absolute level, if you look through history. And also, after two and a half years you charge up 20%, so you really have [unintelligible] a lot of the bad accounts.
Jamie Dimon: Well not at some point, and this is very important. We don't release reserves because we [want an earnings target] or something like that. We release them because we have to. We're conservative. We fight the other way - keep them up not take them down. As charge-offs come down in - if they come down in credit cards, we will have to release those reserves. Now I think it's a really silly post-cyclical thing we all go through, putting them all up and taking them all down, and you all have to guess what the earnings are going to be, and is it real earnings, or not earnings, or normalized earnings? But they are going to have to come down. So you could think of that right now when losses normalize eventually, you call it 4.5% in credit card, we will have to take down another $4 billion, $5 billion, $6 billion in reserves. That isn't a choice. That is an absolute accounting rule. There's underlying assumptions that go into it. It's your judgment call, but - and my guess is that will be happening slowly over the next six quarters and you'll see more rapid change if and when the economy starts to improve. The same will relate also to mortgage losses by the way. And all other losses for that matter. So the $35 billion of reserves you go through your own numbers, but that's going to normalize a lot lower than $35 billion.
Jamie Dimon: And the trading desk, you know, has been - you all look at one month it got slow or one month that's fast but there's been pretty good client activity. I don't see any reason why there wouldn't be pretty good client activity.
Jamie Dimon: - very close to what we've told you and more than 50% opted in, but we're not going to be disclosing those numbers all the time. It's going to change as people change their mind. Remember they can at any point in time pretty much opt in or opt out.
Jamie Dimon: Well, you know, again I hope - this is a hope - this is not a knowledge - is that when people take a deep sigh breath, go back to the right look at the substance underlying the files, and go back to modifying, foreclosing, and doing the right thing, all told - and it could be a blip. You know, if you're talking about three or four weeks it will be a blip in the housing market. If it went on for a long period of time it will have a lot of consequences, most of which would be adverse on everybody.\
Jamie Dimon: We're completely comfortable with capital. I think we showed you a number that in 2013, when Basel III starts to roll in, we will have, even under adverse circumstances, like 11 - it's a huge number -
Jamie Dimon: And it rolls in over five years or something like that, so we have lots of capital and so we're really not managing capital or RWA as much as we're just trying to build the business - client business, branches, brokers, traders, salesmen - and we've got plenty of capital to grow the business in an intelligent way. A lot of those numbers we showed at the [Barclays] presentation - they were not [heroic]. They were just kind of run off with basic stuff we know about. I do think people will do a much tighter job of managing those things if and when it becomes important.
Jamie Dimon: Well, '13 would be the first year of phase-in and it would phase in between 2013 in full phase and by '18 -
Jamie Dimon: If it had to be done next year we could get it done next year. Even if it's 10% next year if we wanted to.
Jamie Dimon: We can get to 10% Basel III next year if we desired. We'd have to make some tougher decisions and sell things and stop doing a bunch of stuff, but if that's what we wanted to do we could do it.
Jamie Dimon: Yeah, we can do a lot of different stuff. People are going to make decisions to get compliant quicker than people think. That's what's going to happen in the marketplace.
Jamie Dimon: I always feel good that we don't have to do M&A. That we can just grow our businesses and do a good job for our shareholders. We're going to generate a lot of excess capital, and of course we can grow the businesses, or buy back stock to do M&A. We're open minded to M&A, if there's something that made sense. And we're always looking for bolt-ons and adds in all of the businesses and so we'd be open.
Jamie Dimon: I think - I'm not going to give you an answer about next quarter, but I think at one point going forward, when everything clarifies around Basel, we could be an aggressive buyer of our own stock if we think the price is cheap. We're not going to do it at any price. We're not like everybody else. At a low price we'd do it, at the high price we don't. And as you know we have plenty of capital generation, so if that makes the most sense for shareholders you can assume that's what we're going to do. At a minimum, as a discipline we like to buy back reissue. That does not mean every week we buy reissue that week. It means generally within the course of the year we like to do that at a minimum.
Jamie Dimon: We're just not going to tell you what we're going to do with our stock. We look out, looking a couple of years, how much capital, what the options are, what makes the most sense for shareholders.
Jamie Dimon: I think it bounces all over the place. Commercial bank - you know we're starting to see signs of life, and maybe we start to see growth the next three to six months. Credit card, it will bottom out we think in the third quarter of next year. That includes the runoff and all the other stuff. Treasury and asset management we've actually had loan growth. Trade finance, expect maybe to see both and then consumer - auto generally we expect to see growth. And the big one is the $200 billion runoff of stuff, a lot of which was acquired from WaMu. That will be running off for years.
Jamie Dimon: Yeah, but you've got to remember - this is an important thing - when it runs off, first of all some of it's losing money - when it runs off it frees up capital. So we're not losing potential earnings, because we can go do something else with it. It's not like on some other types of businesses. So you're right, it leads to negative revenues but it does not necessarily lead to [unintelligible] profits.
Jamie Dimon: And that went to - you know most of that goes to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, but we can change that too, and retain more if we thought that made more sense for our shareholders.
Jamie Dimon: The volumes are high. Spread are high, and unfortunately that's offset by that repurchase cost, because that's a revenue item in that and I think so far volumes are still good and spreads are still fairly high.
Jamie Dimon: You know, markets set rates, okay? There are a lot of people who can buy or sell mortgages around the world, and that's usually what determines rates. Sometimes it's how much the system can handle. Sometimes it's people's views of credit spreads. It's a whole bunch of different stuff. No bank sets the rate.
Jamie Dimon: I've confessed multiple times that one of the biggest professional mistakes I've ever made was not to get rid of that channel sooner. We did it a while back. I guess you just weren't paying attention. [Laughter.]
Jamie Dimon: No. The spreads will go up and down, the volumes go up and down. It's still such a critical product for the American consumer. We don't know how the GSE is going to be redone or the mortgage markets. And we do think a lot of work needs to be done on both. At the end of the day, servicing mortgages and originating mortgages for clients will still be a good business with we think a good return. And the MSR, I think the only material change in the MSR is when we all decide the rates are low and low forever, and [unintelligible] are low and mortgage rates are low and low forever, MSR is one big I/O. How we handle that MSR might be a little bit different.
Jamie Dimon: Yes, but remember every portfolio decision is almost a discrete decision, so whether we retain a Fannie Mae or Freddie Mack [ho-loan], which is conforming, or buy an adjustable rate security in the securities portfolio, those are almost the same kinds of decisions. So you have seen some of that taking place, but it's in the securities portfolio, not in the balance sheet or retail.
Jamie Dimon: Remember when you look at the jumbo mortgage, by the way, because the agencies increased their loan limits, a lot more of the jumbo stuff was going to them. So eventually that jumbo stuff may be done as on the balance sheet of banks.
Jamie Dimon: Well, look, we just told you all our Basel numbers and since they're not effective for years, I think we'll probably be updating you all on what we think - remember Basel II was 10 years in the making, and it was never done. When we get the final - what we think might be close to the final rules, by the end of November, we'll probably start telling you roughly, not specifically, what the Basel III numbers would be, or when we'll be there, and stuff like that. Just so you're aware.
Jamie Dimon: No, actually, I think the way to look at it is that the utilization - [unintelligible] just through middle markets I think it's probably more representative than mid-corporate, because they can go to the marketplace too, but middle market that use their revolvers to grow and expand. That utilization is about the same. But actual loan demand including unused is actually up a little bit. 
Jamie Dimon: And actual balances are up a little bit versus last quarter. So that's the first time in I'm going to say two years.
Jamie Dimon: No, I'd say instead of it going down, it may actually be going up a little bit, but I wouldn't call it accelerating yet.
Jamie Dimon: Okay, so I think the investment banking is doing really well in Asia, and remember Asia is doing well. So we grow with the markets and the economy and we've added bankers and clients and so we're obviously [unintelligible] up there. And I think on the consumer side, there will be no build. There will be no build on the consumer side in Asia. It's too hard to do. We're not going to try. Sometime in the future, that could be two years, one year, or 20, a buy is - I'd put it as a pretty high likelihood.
Jamie Dimon: Yeah, but that's what I'm saying. I wouldn't pick the timetable here. If it doesn't make sense to [unintelligible] we're not going to do it. I think we create the most opportunity for JP Morgan really buying - and remember you don't buy weak consumer. You basically buy a bank, and it comes with all the attendant businesses with it. I think the time will be when JP Morgan is doing well, the dollar is doing well, financing costs are low, and maybe Asia's not doing quite as well. I would say now is not the time. We may do something now, but I don't think it will be of the nature you're talking about.
Jamie Dimon: No, [unintelligible] weeks to clean up the files. But we actually have to have real in-depth conversations with regulators and AGs and stuff like that, so I don't know exactly when. I'm hopeful that it all starts to move at one point. I don't know if it's going to be three weeks or five, but I think it would be a real shame if we don't get this resolved and moving again.
Jamie Dimon: No. It's $250 million a quarter of expense. It's not clear we're going to get any additional reserve. If we do we'll add some. We'll move pretty quickly. But at one point the $3 billion will be excess. So there's a good chance that it will be $1 billion expense for four quarters to six quarters, and then that expense will be going against the reserve, which we'll no longer need.
Jamie Dimon: You know, Mike, I hope so, but we can't promise that. It could be the end of it but there's a chance that things deteriorate in a way we don't understand. And maybe we also look at a lot of underlying assumptions, you know, requests, aging, vintages, loss rates, etc. and if those change, obviously we'll have to change the reserves a little bit.
Jamie Dimon: We don't know any better than you do, with one comment. Home equity will lag. Because home equity, by its nature, we find lags the underlying prime and the underlying real estate and lags more than most other things. We try to account for that in our reserving, so we actually adjust for it in how we reserve.
Jamie Dimon: We stopped a while back using them for that purpose. And so I don't think it's as relevant to us as to other people. And we're not going to comment on all the other underlying things. I think one of the things you've got to remember - you know there are, we've known, there are issues in the mortgage business. But for the most part by the time you get to the end of the process we're not evicting people who deserve to stay in their house.
Jamie Dimon: Let me make a couple of - First of all, it's been this way for a long time, and it didn't undercut us. Number two, the regulators have said that they're going to try to make sure that they understand that these things may not have been equally applied in jurisdictions around the world. And it is incumbent on them to make sure there's a level playing field. Because you've noted the same thing that we've all noted. So I'm not going to worry about it particularly much right now.
Jamie Dimon: In repurchase reserves and litigation, it's unclear exactly how or where it's going to show up, but we do think there will be some of that. And when we make the statement that some of these costs may go on for a while it relates also to that. That while we're burning through the vintages or the GSEs there are other vintages where there may have been more of a time lag than that. And I think it's also important to note that they're fundamentally different, because a lot of the private label stuff didn't have the same rules, requirements, disclosures. So they're all different, but loan by loan it's going to have some of the same characteristics that people are right. You're going to have to make them [unintelligible]. Hopefully if they're going to sue just to win they're making a huge mistake.
Jamie Dimon: To the extent we can, you know? Reserves are - you can't guess and put up numbers, but to the extent we can. I think the question is, between the reserves we have is how long losses relating to repurchase, whether it's GSE or private label, and whether it shows up on the litigation or repurchase, how long they go on for. We don't expect it to be a blowup kind of number. We expect it will be they'll just drag out these losses as these things play themselves out.
Jamie Dimon: So middle market charge-offs were very good. And I think we should point out that deposits in this commercial bank are up dramatically, so we actually think the balance sheet of these companies are in very good shape.
Jamie Dimon: I think you might see that, because they might use deposits before they take down loans. I'm just saying we think they're in good - like corporate America's in good financial shape. We think the middle market commercial banking in America is in good shape too and they're just waiting for orders.
Jamie Dimon: I don't think it's going to affect our fixed income business at all. I think that all this resolution activity is - it's important that it be done right and I think you see a lot of toing and froing as people figure out what the right part is. It's going to be some [unintelligible] coordination. It really does need to be done right. The devil's in the details, but it's not - as of yet I don't see a change in our fixed income business at all.
Jamie Dimon: I think I already mentioned that the way I look at it we're bearing $5 billion of charge-offs a year, $1 billion in repurchase reserves a year, a lot of re-owned foreclosure, which I forget off hand, but it's big numbers. Those numbers may bounce up and down and probably will go up a little bit because of this, but I'm not sure they're going to materially change because of this. And there will be litigation, I put to the side, I don't know how it's all going to be sorted out.
Jamie Dimon: I didn't say confident. I said hopeful. But I think people make a good point. The banks going into this crisis, not all of them, I don't want to paint them all with the same brush, some of them kept their dividends really high for a real long period of time when they should have been retaining the capital. And with real low capital ratios. So I think actually some of those complaints are legitimate, but they're not legitimate for everyone involved. The new 7% Basel III incorporates that as you go below the buffer, the first 2.5%, that there will be restrictions on dividends and comp. And personally, I think that's perfectly reasonable. Now it's where they set the limits, and how they set it, but to me that's fine. The lower the number you get the less you can raise dividends and may have to cut dividends, have to cut comp and that's not unreasonable. That's the way a company should be run. So I think that's probably what he was referring to, that we build it into the regulatory regime as opposed to not. But the other thing about dividends, it's really just the - it's so much uncertainty. It's clarifying now around Basel III, capital requirements, systemically important firm requirements, resolution - the people are being a little hesitant on capital. They do want to have more clarity around it. I think we have more confidence because there's so much damn capital.
Jamie Dimon: I don't think we're benefitting from the fact the industry's under pressure. You're not going to see a big turnaround in sentiment until we have a healthy and growing economy. And I also think you're going to see a lot of rules and regulations. It could take a year or more to go through and that's just our lot in life, and we've just got to deal with it.
Doug Braunstein: On outlook, what we said is for 2010 I think our outlook was plus or minus $1.2 billion of expense. Obviously you'll take a look at our third quarter numbers are a little higher. And so we're likely to come in at the high end of that range. For 2011 what we've said is $1 billion of realized repurchase losses. And what we've done is we've taken, based on what we know, we've gone back and increased our reserves by $1 billion based on the higher file requests as well as higher settlement demands. And where we are today we believe we're adequately reserved based on what we know and we'll go back periodically and review that.
Doug Braunstein: I would say we're - it was down 5 basis points, there are a number of factors that impact that. We're going to continue to see some pressure in corporate for NIM and it's hard to predict at this point where rates are going to be and what the impact is going to be, and where loan demand is going to be on the other side of the equation from an asset standpoint -
Doug Braunstein: And I would just add, remember that as we reposition the portfolio we're doing that through our quarter so second quarter sales we had at full NIM impact in the third quarter, for example.
Doug Braunstein: And I would add the accounts we're obviously taking on because we continue to grow the business have different characteristics than the accounts that were rolling off. So the net of the entire portfolio is a better quality portfolio.
Doug Braunstein: It continues to be, I'd say - the big trend is you've had a lot of companies extend maturities, reduce their cost of borrowing, by going into the public markets, and so that's been a very positive thing, and balance sheets continue to be very very healthy. You're starting to see a pick-up in the appetite for M&A and I think part of that is a function of people getting their balance sheet prepared and ready to go and looking for growth. There continues to be a little more uncertainty out there about both the economy and what the political landscape entails, and so we haven't seen a rush towards activity, but you would expect as you get clarity there to get some real momentum behind it.
Doug Braunstein: And I would just add across - particularly for example in equities - we continue to invest in systems and platforms and adding to our capabilities as well, so that's been very positive for us in this quarter.
Doug Braunstein: And what I would say is the $700 million of guidance that we gave you on net income, that's going to be - that's in the run rate and an accurate reflection of that.
Doug Braunstein: I would just add - we raised year to date, between our new loans, re-ups, capital markets, we've raised almost a trillion dollars for our clients across all of these platforms. And we continue to put our balance sheet to work for our clients and we're anxious to do so. We've got plenty of capacity there.
Doug Braunstein: My instinct is we're going to start reporting in [unintelligible] at one point just so you see what the number would be when we know what the final rules are. And my guess is that we'll be compliant with whatever the number is sometime next year.
Doug Braunstein: We're going to obviously just - we're going to remain disciplined about doing things that make sense both short-term and long-term for our shareholders.
Doug Braunstein: And again, just to reiterate, what's happening in our credit card portfolio, we're shifting the balance and the mix of customers and the need for that business. So it's a much more attractive business. We added $41 billion in mortgage origination activity in the quarter and that was a very attractive business for us.
Doug Braunstein: We also, just by the way, we do generate - and it was a very strong quarter on a relative basis, in asset management for mortgages, and that also - we retain much of that from the balance sheet. I think a billion and a half this quarter.
Doug Braunstein: But again, I would go back to a comment that you made before. We can adjust our balance sheet, but it is not our intent to do things that don't make sense as an economic matter to improve over the short term what our Basel III numbers might look like. Because we do have until 2013 for the initial implementation of Basel III.
Doug Braunstein: Now some of it is customer growth, Mike, but we're starting to see some positive signals out there. And I would add, just in that middle market, we've got a healthy pipeline of things that we're looking at. 
Doug Braunstein: And I'd add the bottom right, that card delinquency trend, we're guiding you to towards a charge-off rate down 50 basis points for next quarter. So based on what we've seen near term that's the direction we'd expect that to head.
Doug Braunstein: Well, I think it's a little bit of both, but more the latter, which is I think we've been putting bankers on the ground, and building customer relationships in those states where WaMu did business. We're using the branch networks there very effectively and the result of that is as I said we added 500 new customers in the quarter in our middle market business, and that's a very positive trend. We'd expect that to continue. 
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. And then just following up on the Basel III discussion. You've spoken recently at length about your capital position with that approaching, but since then we certainly have heard quite a bit from the Swiss on the Swiss finish issue. [unintelligible] was out raising capital yesterday and just wondering even though you did obviously buy back a couple billion dollars' worth of stock whether you are quite as optimistic about the potential for capital [unintelligible] going forward in light of all of that.
Guy Moszkowski: Those are fair points. Thanks. I just wanted to dig in a bit more on the foreclosure issues. I know you can't talk too much more than what you said, but I was wondering if you could give us any sense for timing of resolution in terms of reopening these 115,000 cases.
Guy Moszkowski: Is it fair to assume that at least a fair portion of that litigation reserve that you added to is specifically for this topic within - 
Matt O’Connor: Okay. And then just separately, sorry to be a little nitpicky on this question, if we look at some of the drivers of your net interest margin there's some of these dollar financing rolls, basically causing a negative funding cost for about $280 billion of liabilities - 
Matt O’Connor: Well, just overall it's minus 28 bps for like $280 billion and just trying to understand what that is and what the risks are associated with that.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. And obviously there's not going to be the type of extension risk on this funding side that you would have on the asset side.
Matt O’Connor: Okay, and it seems like you'll probably have some more reserve release at some point. It seems like you're still -
