James Dimon: Yes. So Doug, thank you. So let me just -- I'm going to talk about one thing, and then we'll open to your questions. One is the stock buyback. Obviously, we've got permission to buy back $15 billion of the stock. We would have preferred to have been able to buy back substantial amounts below tangible book value, but we were unable to. We will always, as a disciplined buyback of the approximately $3 billion we issue every year, and that's the $3 billion we issue mostly for comp, and that's not on a GAAP basis just because we issue before vesting, et cetera. At 45, we will -- we reserve -- right now, we're buying back at that rate, but we may do more. So we reserve the right at any point in time to do whatever we want, and it's based upon basically 4 things. What are the organic opportunities? They might be there, portfolios or more organic growth. What are the investment opportunities? There are a lot of things you can buy, both investments or acquisitions, which we don't really expect big ones now. Our own desire to get quickly -- how fast we want to get to our new capital requirements under Basel III. And the stock price. So it does not mean at 45 -- obviously, if the stock goes up, I think we'll be consistent and we'll buy less. When it goes down, we'll buy more. We're a buyer in size around tangible book value. And then, obviously, we reserve the right to change that at will. So let's open up to questions or comments about any subject at all.
James Dimon: Well, I mean, like you say yourself, I mean, you can do –- anyone can do the numbers. A tangible book value is extremely attractive at 40 or probably even very attractive at 45. I'm not saying it's not attractive, but our best thing is to grow our business and not to worry about buying back the stock. We're going to buy back the stock when it's a bargain, not just because we feel like it. And so you guys can all do the numbers and it's not going to tell you what we're going to do.
James Dimon: We said flat expenses. We still expect that. The first quarter was a little bit higher because of FICA and payroll, a whole bunch of things like that, and some one-off expenses that run through there, and that's flat if you back out IB comp and extraordinary stuff. That number should be about $12 billion a quarter. Obviously, it was a little bit higher this quarter to do that, but it will come down over time, we think.
James Dimon: Remember, it's flat, but we're still doing a lot of investing. So we aren't getting other efficiencies to help pay for the investing.
James Dimon: Yes. I constantly read about counter party. Our numbers, we disclosed around $15 billion, a little bit higher than that now. They obviously move around. I would still say exactly the same thing. The LTRO was a massive thing that took the -- a real catastrophe in the showing [ph] off the table. But obviously, the world is going to evaluate over time whether the fiscal union is tightened and given teeth and carrots and sticks and all that. And it's going to look at Spain and Italy's both austerity and growth plans, and it's going be like an accordion for the next 18 months. So I'm personally not going to react to that, but I think they have to do some things to give it the real stability. The LTRO wasn't sufficient. It was not a -- it was a short-term fix, not a permanent fix.
James Dimon: No. God no. No, no. A lot of the NII is given to the businesses that generate the deposits on a consistent fund transfer methodology, which -- but not with the Investment Bank. Remember, a lot -- and most of that portfolio is an AFS portfolio. Not all of it, but most of it.
James Dimon: It's a complete tempest in a teapot. Every bank has a major portfolio. In those portfolios, you make investments that you think are wise, that offset your exposures. Obviously, it's a big portfolio. We're a large company and we try to run it. It's sophisticated, well, obviously, a complex thing. But at the end of the day, that's our job, is to invest that portfolio wisely and intelligently to -- over a long period of time to earn income and to offset other exposures we have.
James Dimon: Guy, I think the right way to look at it is ask that question in 2 years. I mean, we're not at the Basel III targets yet. Obviously, you should expect dividends on a regular -- we may change our mind, but on a regular annual basis from us that will look at what to do. Obviously, it's a board-level decision, but there's going to be -- surely be no special dividend before we know what the real capital rules are. So take that off the table.
James Dimon: There were several hundred million higher than what we would call normal, for a whole bunch of different reasons, including HARP, supply/demand, the price at which Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are buying and securitizing things, so I would expect that to normalize over time.
James Dimon: It's a measure of what you're going to get next quarter on revenues, but not -- on the volumes, but not necessarily on the spreads.
James Dimon: No, no. It was the completion of a thorough review of all the reps and warranty, all the litigation, all the tranches, all the Bear Sterns, et cetera, et cetera. But the real view about all that, that's all.
James Dimon: It's just a final settlement, some taxes and pensions and certain assets and stuff like that. It's been in the works for 3 years. It just -- we didn't account for until it was all finalized.
James Dimon: And part of it is discretionary, like how we invest our long-term funds over time, and we've been fairly conservative in that.
James Dimon: Yes. But, look, the important thing is when we took those portfolio, one of the bigger decisions you make, if you look at our portfolio -- and we disclosed we would benefit from rising rates. A lot of that comes in the CIO, and it costs money to be there. But we think it's a conservative and proper way to run the company because we worry about the fat tails, much higher rates, not much lower rates or -- so we can change that and increase NIM tomorrow, if we wanted to.
James Dimon: Yes, but we would have to feel at that point in time that we want to do it. And there are other ways to do it. You can buy spread product, not just fixed-rate product.
James Dimon: I guess, Betsy, we don't know all the final capital rules. So if we were going to buy back the stock, my preference would be get to the -- whatever the rules are, sooner rather than later. That's all. It's not that you've lost the money. You've got -- you can -- I always call that kind of earnings in storage [ph]. You can redeploy your capital later. After we know all the rules and we have excess capital, and that's the best thing to do for shareholders, obviously the board will consider that. We're not going to consider before we get to whatever the known capital rules are. And we're going to know a lot more, remember, hopefully by the end of this year.
James Dimon: Betsy, we're not going to do it before we get to our capital rules, and we don't know what they are.
James Dimon: We don't know. Our expectation is 9.5 Basel III. We don't know all the RWA rules, we don't know when it's going to come out, and we're not even sure about the 9.5.
James Dimon: Because buybacks at the right price are enormously valuable for shareholders and just paying out extra cash is not.
James Dimon: No, no. We didn't say they're moving up. What we said is that they might move up temporarily as some of them get freed up. But if you look at total delinquent -- seriously delinquent loans and total foreclosures from a year ago to today, to the end of this year, they're going to come down. Obviously, they're kind of very lumpy as every bank goes around its own different thing. But homes for sales are down. Inventory is down. Delinquent loans are coming down. Charge-offs are coming down. Real money is coming in. And so we're just saying we're pretty much at the bottom, but -- I don't know the lumpiness by month or by quarter, but we're pretty much at the bottom here as long as you have a recovery. So if the United States goes back into a recession, all bets are off. But you have got 4 million new jobs. Household formation will probably go up. That's all I'm saying. It's not...
James Dimon: Right. So I think we fully disclosed this about 2 years ago, that we'd identified a long time ago that when -- we were surprised to find out, by the way, that a lot of seconds were still paying when the first no longer was. But when we analyzed, it was pretty obvious it was just a timing difference. That in almost all cases, the first went delinquent, the second eventually went delinquent. And in all cases, where the first went into foreclose, the second was a loss, basically a total loss. So we just recognized our reserving years ago. That's all. We specifically reserved for specifically that thing. So moving it from performing to nonperforming didn't affect our reserves. That's -- and it was $1.6 billion.
James Dimon: I guess, let me just put it this way. It is more than we thought. It's picking up a little bit, but I don't think it's going to completely change everything. You were seeing refis anyway, and this just opens up a bigger universe to be refi-ed. Other than that, we just -- I just -- we just couldn't give you the numbers offhand. We may have to get back to you on that.
James Dimon: Yes, look, I do think it's going to look better. And I do think that a lot of these things resolve during the course of this year. So hopefully, that will be true. It's still a complex environment. We've got a lot of things to do to meet all the regulatory requirements, but I do think it's getting a little better.
James Dimon: Well, I pointed out at Investor Day that branches make $1 million a branch, and we've just adjusted the build to make up for changes from Durbin and other things like that. But we are losing in total, and we disclosed like $500 million a year.
James Dimon: We are running the company such that we expect to get that back. So we're not going to make short-term decisions about branch builds because of short-term spread compression. We think the value is there, and we're doing that. We just are adjusting the branch build. And so what you're seeing is almost exactly we told you. Durbin is $150 million a quarter, NIM is down by about...
James Dimon: You got to be -- the issue with that is you got -- in our Wholesale, you got really 2 big books, okay? You have the Commercial Bank, which was up substantially. If I were you, that's what I'd look at. You have the Investment Bank, but that one moves around dramatically as big companies borrow, pay it off. You got a bridge loan that goes in and out, a conduit loan that goes in and out. So I wouldn't look at that one the same way. That just can go -- that can move dramatically quarter-by-quarter. But we saw, if you look at the Investment Bank, a lot of debt issuance. That -- usually when you have huge debt issuance, sometimes your bank loans go down.
James Dimon: Mike, we've had 8 straight quarters of middle-market and C&I loan growth in the Commercial Bank. We've had probably 4 or 5 or 6 straight quarters of small business loans going up. So if you're looking at the commercial world, that's what I would look at. In the commercial -- in the consumer bank, we've had consistent growth in deposits and we have a NIM going down a little bit because of the interest rate environment. But the underlying deposits, clients, flows is actually pretty good. And credit card spend is good and debit card spend is good, but you have NIM compression. That's -- we can go over it a 1,000 times: we're going to have NIM compression. That's just, if you think of that as like the cost of mozzarella for pizza, when it goes up, your margins go down a little bit. It doesn't mean you're selling less pizza.
James Dimon: Nothing. Remember, there's a lot of things that go into the comp ratio of the bank. But I think the best way to think about it is, 35, give or take. We've always said 35 to 40. But a lot of things affect that, and that's why we book it because nothing's changed. And the reserve takedowns were in mortgages and credit card and they're required. The accountants look at a whole bunch of numbers, they make you take it down, so we had to take it down. We don't expect -- I think it's important. We don't expect big take -- reduction in reserves in credit card anymore. Mortgage over time will have to come down as the book gets smaller and charge-offs come down.
James Dimon: You're barking up the wrong tree. If you want to model, your model should be 37.5 and just leave it there. Every -- we have consistently, for years, charged capital of the businesses, looked at risk-adjusted returns, multiple-year returns and all the things like that. So our basic methodology is not going to change. You may see the percentage payout come down. We were already at the low end of -- relative to competition.
James Dimon: I think there are reasons that the comp ratio is going to come down, but -- and I know Jes has spoken about it. So I do think there are pressures that will bring it down, which are more related to competitive pressures than just that number.
James Dimon: Yes. There is -- it is, but we had very good volumes. And you're absolutely correct. Volumes drive it, spreads drive it and kind of your positioning drives it a little bit, so -- but volumes will be probably the primary driver. Obviously, we want to do a good job positioning the inventory, too.
James Dimon: Yes, all things being equal, when that happens it will be a benefit to your trading results. And if it goes the other way, it's usually a negative. Not necessarily that way because you can position for it. So if I were you, you can look at volume, spreads, and you can make your own estimate. But every company takes different positions and tries to protect itself from that. But all things being equal, that's a back wind for trading, yes.
James Dimon: It was a little bit of a benefit this quarter, but it would be a mistake to start to break that out, because you don't have to be positioned that way. That's why it's a mistake to break it out that way.
James Dimon: I think we've told you that you should start seeing it like every quarter for the next 8 quarters. It will be a little lumpy, but my guess is 8 quarters from now it will be a lot less than it is today.
James Dimon: It's hard to speak about this in a consolidated thing. Probably for the most part, TS will see it. If you see it in Commercial Bank, it's going to be more to pricing pressure than it is to margin pressure loans. And if you see it in -- what Doug said are probably most in the consumer bank, but each business is a little different and...
James Dimon: And it is -- I talked about [ph] this last year, but it was $600 million last year. It's going to be $500 million this year. It's going to be $350 million the year after that. It's going to be $250 million -- it's just going to come down over time as the portfolio runs off.
James Dimon: Well, 2 separate things. First of all, there is competition in pricing. I'm surprised to hear it's us. And I've heard that before. We went and checked, and we see no evidence of that. Obviously, we don't want to drive the market like that. It's got nothing to do with interest rate exposure. We don't look at -- we fund -- we try to max fund loans the way we look at loans. We don't say, okay, we'll take the interest rate exposure and pass it onto the client.
James Dimon: Well, Paul, it's because we're a new competitor out West. So obviously, we're competing out West to gain share. Everything we do out West -- remember, we didn't have a big middle-market operation out West, so everything we're doing is taking share from someone, as opposed to like going to Midwest where it's a lot more renewals than it is new business. I understand why you're hearing that out West.
James Dimon: We reserved a bunch of that stuff in prior quarters. It cost us $200 million in this quarter, and of most the rest is incorporated in loan-loss reserves, and it's already in our higher servicing costs. We've already been running to the consent orders and things like that, so it's not like -- it's not going to add additional servicing cost. We also, as you pointed out, recognize some of it in the MSR already, and we've done the value of MSR relating to some of that.
James Dimon: Look, I don't think it does that at all. I think we all compete in the marketplace, and I don't think that your capital ratios change your competition that's in the marketplace. And we're all waiting for more guidance from the regulators. It's not like there's a total competition for capital. And then the RWA is 2 pieces, okay? It's really -- one piece is simply the runoff of stuff which is going to go away. That's happening every quarter. We've already talked about the Consumer portfolio running off. There are a couple of things in the IB running off. There are a couple of things. And the second is just the normal adoption of modeling capabilities that can be used in B III, that's all, that were not being used before because we didn't need to. And so it's those 2 things -- and they're rolling in over time.
Guy Moszkowski: On the CIO question, which obviously you've addressed and has gotten so much attention in the press this week, can I just ask one further question, which is, are all of the results of the CIO group reflected with -- only within Corporate and other? There's no sharing of any of those results with, say, FICC in terms of the reporting that we would see in the Investment Bank.
Guy Moszkowski: Yes, that's just a question that I ask in order to sort of assess the "tempest in the teapot" nature of the stories relative to the revenues that we see with it, because it don't seem to be that big.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, that's completely fair. Mortgage origination, you alluded to better spreads obviously, and maybe you could just give us a little bit more color of how that came through, because it certainly does look like they improved meaningfully, given how the revenue evolved versus last quarter, versus the origination volumes.
John E. McDonald: Okay. Just following up on Glenn's expense question. So kind of x the IB comp and special items, you're shooting for kind of flattish this year. That's in like the $48-billion ballpark for the year.
John E. McDonald: Okay. So you're shooting for $48 billion, $49 billion for the year in that ballpark, x all the other stuff.
John E. McDonald: Okay. So you are sitting on kind of excess cash that you're kind of waiting for a better environment to invest.
John E. McDonald: Okay. And if you did the $10 billion of TruPS that you are planning, there might be some NIM, or net interest income benefits, Doug, that you've not put into your guidance.
John E. McDonald: Right. You've talked about that in terms of spread compression and runoff, and you just haven't incorporated any impact from what you might do on TruPS yet.
John E. McDonald: If we started to see the 10-year go up consistently without Fed funds moving up, would that be something you could take advantage of? Or when you see rates going up, Jamie, it's really...
John E. McDonald: And then more fundamentally, there's a benefit from just kind of the shorter Fed funds going up eventually.
Douglas L. Braunstein: And we're a little over on a run rate basis, flat actually quarter-on-quarter, but a little over on a run rate basis.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Yes, I would say we're going to continue to see pressure. I wouldn't say, John, for the year, but certainly for the next quarter. And then, we'll see where the world goes. Part of it is, a little bit, we have the opportunity to buy back some TruPS. That may help improve some of the trends, and we're not quite sure when that's going to hit.
Douglas L. Braunstein: And part of it -- part of the reason NIM was down quarter-on-quarter is there were -- we were a little more conservative in the opportunities with that excess cash.
Douglas L. Braunstein: That's right. Well, we didn't -- all I'm saying is we're going to have pressure -- the only thing I'd say is we'll see some continued pressure on NIM for the second quarter.
Douglas L. Braunstein: I'd say, John, from a position standpoint, very consistent with where we were at Investment Day: a 100-basis-point rise in the curve, we generate a couple billion dollars of incremental NII.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Betsy, I think that was all around the foreclosure settlement and just being able to work some of the delays through the system. That's it. Wasn't talking about the underlying fundamentals.
Douglas L. Braunstein: We actually identified -- that group was a $4-billion number for us, of which the regulators asked us to move $1.6 billion. So we have reserves for a broader pool than just that moved pool.
Douglas L. Braunstein: It would be $400 million year-over-year. And you see the margins in that business decline by 20 bps as a result of that this quarter.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Well, we've identified NII from the portfolio runoff, Mike, so that's another -- that's a $500-million number. And as we go through quarter-on-quarter now, you've got spread compression impact in TSS and in CB somewhat leveling off over time. But you'll continue to see a little bit of that, but it will level off as we normalize in a rate environment we've had low for long.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Andrew, I'd say if you think about it, 5 to 10 basis points for the next quarter; it will moderate a little bit going forward; and then it's going to be a function of, as Jamie said, our positioning and a function a little bit of what the financing market looks like in general. But near term, that's a good indication and that incorporates all of the runoff, all the margin pressure and a variety of pluses and minuses.
Douglas L. Braunstein: And, Andrew, remember, I put that chart up at Investor Day. We're releasing capital with that as well. So the fact of the matter is, as that slows down, it does hurt NII. It goes on -- hurts NII, but it's releasing capital along the way.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Again, no, we identified -- we have $4 billion that are part of that portfolio, of which $1.6 billion had to move. We reserved, as Jamie talked about, across the whole $4 billion of the portfolio. Each of -- there are different characteristics within that.
Betsy Graseck: Yes, I mean, the impairment for Basel III is supposed to be out shortly. But I guess the question then is, why are you...
Betsy Graseck: Yes, okay. So I guess, but the basic question I have is, you have an expectation for what your capital is going to end up being at year end.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then on -- just a couple of questions on housing. So obviously, from your letter, housing is much better, green light flashing. I just wanted to understand how that comports with what was presented at Analyst Day -- Investor Day, when you talked about how estimated OREO and foreclosure projections were actually moving up in the near term, as you're getting to the pick through the python. But given your letter, I kind of wondered, well, is your investment...
