Marianne Lake: Brian, I know that everybody is keenly interested to hear what we have to say but the truth of the matter is, it's very, very early days as the new government is just forming as we speak. Negotiations need to be given some time to unfold and take shape. And so it's really too early to hypothesize. But we would hope that we can continue to operate where we are right now. But we will just continue to evaluate the landscape, as I am sure you will, over the coming weeks, months and quarters and plan accordingly. The most important thing is that we intend to continue to support our European franchising clients throughout.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So on the card space, as you know we have loans running off or replacing them all the time over the course of the last couple years. Since the end of 2013, we have made some changes to our credit box and our credit risk policies very, very thoughtfully and we have been monitoring it very closely. And what we are seeing in terms of the loss rates and the seasoning of them is fully in line with our expectations. And these loans are coming on at higher risk adjusted margins. So the ROEs are at or above the portfolio ROEs. so nothing that would speak to anything other than our full expectations for our credit risk appetite. And with respect to auto, not to speak for others, but obviously, when you look at lower FICO scores and higher LTVs and longer terms on top of each other in an environment where you have already seen used car prices soften some and they are likely to continue to do so, it's something to watch. And so we have been very, very thoughtful about that, not just today but as we been going through the cycle and not only on an absolute basis do we compare favorably in terms of LTVs and FICO scores and even terms to the industry but we have been very, very careful and low percentage of subprime originations very, very careful about looking at those layered risks. So nothing in our -- and remember for this year, I think the charge-off rate is going to be 40-ish basis points compared to a long run average of more like 60. So we are reverting to a more normal level, if nothing else. And used car prices will ultimately come down and we are being thoughtful about that.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So at the risk of not getting overly complicated, the long-term debt expense to our NII was flat with loan growth and NII loan growth being offset by long-term debt expense which was largely to do with the hedging of non-dollar debt and just relative quarter-over-quarter small move in currency levels and currency basis. So I would honestly characterize it, not to underplay it, as quarter-over-quarter noise. Looking forward -- and so when you look at our NIM, you have NII flat, you have the balance sheet growing as we expected both on loans and trading assets. So NIM just naturally is down a few basis points. But we would be looking for our NII to be up slightly in the third and fourth quarter and so our NIM to be relatively stable.
Marianne Lake: So I would say, there is going to be two things. First of all, obviously, when you talk about consumer, it dwarfed by cards. So let's start with cards. We are growing the portfolio. We added 4% core loans year-over-year in card and so naturally as the portfolio grows over time, you would expect to add to reserves. So there will be some of that, but I would characterize it as modest. And then as these vintages continue to season, we have been experiencing very, very low loss rates, circa 2.5%. They will trend up slightly. And so there will be a little bit of rates impact too but again, as I say, with very accretive ROEs. So I would look forward and expect there to be some reserve adds over the course of the next several quarters on a combination of those factors, but for all the right reasons. And similarly volume wise in auto, we should see some adds but again, in comparison to card, modest.
Marianne Lake: So as you know, Erika, everything that we do, we do with a view to, first of all, the client franchise and making sure that we are supporting our clients and then secondarily with a view to all of our binding constraints. So we will provide capital and access to the CIB, but also taking into consideration our overall objective is making sure that we stay in the 3.5% bucket. So we will continue to try and find capacity to be able to recycle it and grow high ROE business.
Marianne Lake: Not anything significant, no. I think you have got to compare it to the prior year, which was stronger, particularly this time last year in Asia and that's less true today, stronger in Europe, less strong in Asia. It's more of a regional story than any particularly significant items.
Marianne Lake: Yes. Two pieces to the story. So yes, the guidance is $2 billion plus year-on-year. You recall, when we came in to Investor Day, we said we would expect $2 billion rate flat. It looks like rates will be flat at least in the front end at this point, at least for the majority of the year, if not the whole year. But you have seen already in the first two quarters that year-over-year we are up $1.4 billion, so we were doing better now on a combination of lower deposit bases, re-prices and also on strong loan growth. But if you annualize that, that would be too high. We are going to have some impact in NII of the lower tenure. It's not significant but it will offset that to a degree. So we would expect our NII to be between $2 billion to $2.5 billion, up year-on-year, largely strong loan growth, lower re-price.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So obviously we have been doing a combination. We have been growing our deposits more strongly than the industry. So we continue to be net net attracting more deposits than the industry and also as you say, a mix shift out of securities and into loans. Our outlook for loan growth for the range of this year is to be at the higher end of our range. We said 10% to 15% core loan growth and at this point, demand still seems robust. So we would expect to be at the higher end of that range and we certainly have been this quarter. So at this point, I would say that it's a combination of factors. And remember, the way we think about investment, security portfolio also takes into consideration how we think about positioning the firm's duration of equity. So all of those factors will contribute.
Marianne Lake: Okay. Glenn, I apologize, but I think it was actually, we make $3.5 billion on the rates implied and $6 billion on normalized rates. But in any case, let me just talk about rates flat versus implied right now just because things can change so quickly, I will just focus on 2017. Rates flat from here, so with the tenure of about 1.5 and IOER at 50 basis points, because of the loan growth notwithstanding any long end pressure, we would still expect year-over-year our NII next year to be up between $1 and $1.5 billion. Implied, which is actually not that much different from that, so it does have about 20 basis points better long end rates by the end of 2017, but otherwise relatively flat through the end of 2017 would be about $0.5 billion more than that.
Marianne Lake: So look, I will say a couple of things. So first is, a lot of that growth is commercial term lending and it is the case that we have the technology and the process that has speed and certainty of execution and competitive funding cost. So it is the case that if the value proposition that we are able to bring to clients that differentiates us, we are able to close in times that are a fraction of what the industry is. And secondarily, we are really concentrated on simplified supply constrained markets, low rent-stabilized. So these are not the same properties that had problems in the past. Since the previous cycle, we have looked carefully at the our underwriting and there are some things and some regions and some products that we either don't do or do significantly less of. So we are very, very careful but we are looking at some really good credit quality in our commercial real estate portfolio right now.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So let me talk about where we are on the expense commitments and you will recall that whether you remember, a $4.8 billion number or $5.5 billion number in total, we about 70% of the way through delivering against that across the CIB and the CCB at the end of the second quarter. We continue to make progress. In the CCB, obviously, it is generally more progressive. And the CIB, it is a bit more about technology and operations and it takes some time to deliver that. But fundamentally we continue to chalk through that and we will get there over the course of the next several quarters. So I would say in line with our expectations and it is a contributing factor.
Marianne Lake: So I would say, the comp revenue ratio is an outcome, just for what it's worth. Obviously we try to give the range to give people an idea, but we pay competitively and we pay for risk adjusted performance. But there is nothing notable going on. We have been actually at the lower end of our range for a little while now.
Marianne Lake: So it's always a little tricky. The share thing is going to become clearer with the rearview mirror than it is necessary a moment in time. It does feel like we are doing fairly well competitively not just against European bank, but just generally and not just in Europe, but generally because we, as you say, have continued to be there for clients across products across the globe. So I would say that we feel like we are doing fairly well. We will know whether that is share gains when we are able to actually look at that in the rearview mirror. But there is still plenty of competition out there. And so we are just focused on serving our clients the right way. But it does feel a little bit like we are doing well.
Marianne Lake: And I would also want to point out, Mike, that competitively we are not in this situation alone and so we are going to take our time to work out what the right course of action is. And obviously we will update you as and when that becomes clearer. But we are not going to at a competitive disadvantage, if anything, as we talked about earlier. We feel like we are in a position of strength.
Marianne Lake: So the truth of the matter is, it's a very early phase and I hate to continue to repeat that, but I will tell you that generally speaking uncertainty is not particularly conducive or constructive for M&A. But in this case I think there are some offsets. So I would start with, in terms of the actual strategic dialogue with CEOs and at the Board, cross border, it is as good as it's ever been. And if you think about just the other factors that would be supportive of M&A, so like cheap financing globally, low organic growth, good multiples, solid economy in the U.S. and globally notwithstanding a bit of the steam taken out in Europe or the U.K., all of that should continue to be supportive for strategic M&A. Yes. So at the end of the day and currency could be supportive at cross-border activity. So there are puts and takes, uncertain that there will be some people who think carefully through the right timing and what to do. But at the end of day, the strategic proposition should ultimately win out in most cases and similarly volatility generally speaking, is not particularly conducive in terms of ECM but investor appetite is still there and there have been deals price prospects. So it's a little early, the selectivity. Volatility is reasonably subdued at this point and I think because there are no event calendars out there right now, there is still quite a lot of opportunity in the, sorry, obviously DCM low rates would be a tailwind notwithstanding the M&A in ECM landscape.
Marianne Lake: So let me start with the second part of the question. So we are still very much contemplated in the prime and near-prime space, but we have a higher percentage of our originations in the near-prime space, reasonably meaningfully higher over the course of last couple of years. So where we may have previously been, I think 40% above, 760 now, that's less than that and there's more like 20% or 30% below 700, but at the end of the day, still pristine credit relatively speaking. With respect to the delinquencies, is it accrual rate issues, not specifically, no.
Marianne Lake: So look, we are not really doing much in the way of 2017 guidance right now. It will ultimately honestly depend on the opportunities we see in front of us to continue to invest and to add customers and I think we are at a very good run rate of investments. We have increased reasonably significantly in terms of marketing dollars in auto lease growth and that will drive probability in the medium to longer term. So it's possible if we see opportunity to continue to do that we would do it. But we have no specific guidance yet.
Marianne Lake: The revenue environment can change reasonably quickly, particularly as you know with rates and to a lesser degree, market. So we are not going to overreact to short term.
Marianne Lake: Yes. Taxes, most likely, generally speaking, the reserve changes are somewhat episodic. Outside of those yes, 36% is a good central case for our managed tax rate.
Marianne Lake: So starting with the qualification that obviously as you suggested, it's going to the market dependent, but also remembering that we knew when we gave guidance that we would expect the second half to be seasonally lower. So here is what I would say, first half market was challenged, second half the market was better. Net net -- sorry, first quarter market was challenged, second quarter better. Net net, first half relatively flat year-over-year. So call it with the acknowledgment that we knew we would expect seasonal declines in the second half of the year, mortgage better. So you may recall that we said we would expect mortgage revenues to be down year-on-year actually by a reasonably significant amount given obviously where the rate environment is as well as some positive MSR results in the first half of the year, we would expect mortgage revenues to be more like flat. And against that, to your point lower IB fees and lower asset management revenues, given the environment. So the way I would characterize it is, there are puts and takes, but net net it's still at reasonable central case. So we are not changing it. But it's market dependent.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So look, I would say, if you look at the last three years of PPNR, notwithstanding that there have been obviously differences in the scenarios, 2015 CCAR results, so not this year's but last year's were low, not to say that that means that these results are more normal. But I would say, if you look at the three years and look at the PPNR results now, it's more consistent with the portfolio risks the revenue generation we would expect and you can see that because it's much more consistent with our results. So I don't have insights that I can share with you specifically to try and reconcile the Fed's results year-on-year nor do we really try to do that. You are right, operational risk is likely a piece of it and that was disclosed in that information. So I would just say, there can be volatility, but I feel like this is not an unreasonable place to think that the PPNR would start and it's consistent. as you can see relatively speaking with what we calculated. In respect to what that means for what's most binding, what it does means is if you look at the analysis that we have done a couple of years in the a row now where we have said using that the CCAR results from the Fed, what would that imply, our CET1 ratio would need to be to pass. It had previously being a little less than 11%. With the improved PPNR and therefore the improved results at this point it would be a little less than 10%. So in that context as we look forward sometime in the near future maybe in the third quarter to getting 2017 CCAR changes in proposed form hopefully it will alleviate to a degree, a little bit of that pressure. But I still would suggest you, as we said in Investor Day, that CCAR may, depending on how the G-SIB surcharge is included in the minimum, may become binding. It's not likely, it will become binding and so we will continue to take that into consideration as we go forward and we are already taking into consideration as we think about optimizing against the most binding constraints we have.
Marianne Lake: So we think about using all of our channels based upon obviously, the demand and our capacity and our appetite as we want to continue to close strongly for our customers and we have obviously also been focused in the anticipation of it becoming a more purchase oriented market very much on building out the retail channel and the retail distribution channel and that's been very successful. So there is less correspondent contribution this quarter. It is a lever we will likely use going forward.
Marianne Lake: Well, at this point, we would still say, it will be episodic. And while we are hopeful that the overall structural cost will start coming down or it has come down and that's a good thing, there will still be potentially some puts and takes in the legal space. There is no real way, obviously, of forecasting the run rate. I would just do what many of you have done, I think and go back and look at what the legal expense look like in the years preceding the crisis and make your own determination whether it's going to be structurally a little higher, but it probably wouldn't be multiples of that.
Marianne Lake: Okay. So it was particularly strong rates but nevertheless also a very strong year-over-year in currencies, emerging markets, credit trading SPG. So I mean it was pretty broad based, but remember you also have to think about it relative to the equivalent quarter last year and we didn't have a particularly strong second quarter last year. So on a relative basis that is an important factor but it was pretty broad based. More volume than anything. And then seasonality, I am sorry. Look, it's anyone's guess and I think you can go back and look over time, but last year we had a weak second quarter, as I said and we didn't see as much seasonality. But if you look at the last quarter's run rate, I don't know if that would be a bad place to start. Last year's third quarter run rate would not be a bad place to start.
Marianne Lake: So I am going to start off with a couple of general comments which is, we talked about the fact that the charge-offs that we have experienced in the quarter were credits that we had previously reserved for. So we are at the point now where at least as a basic matter, as we are experiencing charge-offs, we feel like we are in a reasonably good reserve our position notwithstanding that idiosyncratic there may be additional adds. What we would need to see is continued firming of sentiment in the sector, continued access to capital markets to allow companies to prepare their balance sheet and continued stabilization, if not improvement in oil and gas prices. And so, everything is constructive on that path, but it needs to continue along the same path. And yes, we are growing our portfolio and so even if it were not for energy, we would, all other things equal, be adding to reserves. But there are also time to pay down lots of other puts and takes too.
Marianne Lake: So I mean, just to say, we obviously have own spend data to look at and it continues, the card spend is up 8% year-on-year, energy continues to be a tailwind for consumers, the labor market continues to be solid and improving and sentiment is still good, housing still improving. So I mean, really just looking at the same things you are looking at and we obviously have a slightly different lens to it, but all other things equal, consumers are in very good shape and demand is there for the products. And we have been investing outside of consumer in new products -- inside consumers, sorry in the Freedom Unlimited space and also in marketing. So we are growing not only because the demand is there but also through investing.
Marianne Lake: Our second quarter result reflects everything that we have and we know of at the end of the quarter and we are not going to make any specific comments on regulatory events.
Marianne Lake: More specifically, I am not sure. I haven't polled the dealers myself, but we continue to have very high FICO scores and no, I am not aware of that. But I can't comment.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So we are expecting refi to be stronger in the coming quarters and the mortgage market as best we can tell will be at around $1.7 trillion to$1.8 trillion this year.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So we have done one and we are looking at more securitizations in the mortgage space and we are keeping a vertical stride where retaining the loans on our balance sheet or the securities on our balance sheet, I should say and in doing that we have been able to that private capital to take majority of the lower credit risk and get better capital treatment for ourselves. Yes, so in terms of the RWA that it attracts.
Marianne Lake: So I will just start by sort of orientating you on why that would be the impact for us and if you look at our balance sheet and you look at we have in fixed rate loans versus what we have in either IOER or in LIBOR loans, it's about $650 billion and so we are much more sensitive to the front end of the rate curve. And if you look at our earnings at risk disclosures, 100 basis point parallel shift would be around $800 million. And so, obviously we haven't seen and won't hopefully see anything of that order of magnitude. So that kind of gives you an ability to size up notwithstanding compounding why you have only seen our NII relative to prior expectations come down by that much.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So I think earlier on the call, somebody else asked the question and I made the comment that it's really more related to the results from our hedges of non-dollar debt, long-term debt. And so in the first quarter, dollar weakened and in the second quarter it strengthened and we had some currency basis in the first quarter that we didn't see in the second quarter. It really is, not to dismiss it, but it really is accounting nothing really else than that.
Marianne Lake: Yes. No shift from our desire to want to be in with engaged customers and our rewards programs. Our products are all geared towards that. So it's really just a credit decision. And yes, we do have relationships with many, many customers in that still near-prime space.
Marianne Lake: Yes. So look, obviously B2B real-time payments is very important to our customers. So therefore, it is important to us. It is also important for us as an in the industry that it's done in a safe and secure way. And so early warning, the fraud protection that they are able to provide as well as bank levels cyber security and the absence of the need to provide your bank credentials, we think is very strongly positive for our customers and we expect to see volumes grow across that. As you know we have QuickPay already and we saw reasonably significantly volumes, $21 billion on QuickPay last year and growing So, I would expect to see more and more P2P payments and it's good for our customers, it's good for us.
