Jeremy Barnum: Right, okay. Thanks Steve. And actually before answering the question, I just want to remind everyone that Jamie is not able to join because he has a travel conflict overseas, so it's just going to be me today. Okay. Good question on the capital and the ROTCE. So let me start with the ROTCE point first. In short, my answer to that question would be no. It's hard to imagine a scenario coming out of the whole potential range of outcomes on capital that involves an upward revision on ROTCE. If you think about the way we've been talking about this, we've said that you know before the Basel III endgame proposal, we had a 17% through cycle target and that while you can imagine a range of different outcomes, the vast majority of them involve expansions of the denominator. And while we had ideas about changing the perimeter and repricing, all of which are still sort of in effect, most of those would be thought of as mitigants rather than things that would actually increase the ROTCE. And I don't really think that answer has particularly changed. So as of now, that's what I would say, which is a good pivot to the next point, which is yeah, we've been reading the same press coverage you've been reading and you know, it's fun and interesting to speculate about the potential outcomes here, but in reality, we don't know anything -- you don't know. We don't know how reliable the press coverage is. And so in that sense, I feel like on the overall capital return and buyback trajectory, not much has actually changed relative to what I laid out at Investor Day, the comments that I made then, the comments that Jamie made then, as well as the comments that Jamie made subsequent week at an industry conference. So maybe I'll just briefly summarize for everyone's benefit what we think that is, which is one, we do recognize that our current practice on capital return and buybacks does lead to an ever-expanding CET1 ratio. But obviously we're going to run the company over the cycle over time at a reasonable CET1 ratio with reasonable buffers relative to our requirements. So after all the uncertainty is sorted out, the question of the deployment of the Capital one way or another is a matter of when, not if. On the capital hierarchy, it's also worth noting that's another thing that remains unchanged, so I'll review it quickly. You know, growing the business organically and inorganically, sustainable dividend, and in that context it's worth noting that the Board's announced intention to increase it to a $1.25 is a 19% increase prior to last year, so that's a testament for our performance and that is a return of capital. And then finally buyback, but that hierarchy does not commit us to return 100% of the capital generation in any given quarter. And so, as we said here today, when you look at the relationship between the opportunity cost of not deploying the capital and the opportunities to deploy the capital outside the Firm, it is kind of hard to imagine an environment where that relationship argues more strongly for patients. So given all that, putting it all together I'm sorry for the long answer, we remain comfortable with the current amount of excess capital. And as Jamie has said, we really continue to think about it as earnings in store, as much as anything else.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. Interesting question, Steve. So let's talk about deposit balances. So yes I see your point about how balance pressures are slightly abating. When you look at the system as a whole, just to go through it, Q2 is still a bit of a headwind. Loan growth is modest and not enough to offset that. And RRP seems to have settled in roughly at its current levels, and there are reasons to believe that it might not go down that much more, although that could always change and that could supply extra reserves into the system. But on balance, net across all those various effects, we still think that there are net headwinds to deposit balances. So when we think of our balance outlook, we see it as flat to slightly down maybe, with our sort of market share and growth ambitions offsetting those system-wide headwinds. So in terms of normalizing higher, I guess it depends on relative to what. But I think it is definitely too early to be sort of calling the end of the over earning narrative or the normalization narrative. Clearly, the main difference in our current guidance relative to what we had earlier in the year, which implied a lot more sequential decline, is just the change in the Fed outlook. So two cuts versus six cuts is the main difference there. But obviously, based on the latest completion data and so on, you could usually get back to a situation with a lot more cuts in the yield curve. So we'll see how it goes. And in the end, we are kind of focused on just running the place, recognizing and trying not to be distracted by what remains some amount of over earning, whatever it is.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. So I'm not going to comment about any conversations with the Fed. Not to confirm or deny that they even exist, that stuff is private. And so -- and then if you talk about like the timing here, right? So you know that the stress capital buffer that's been released 3.3%, is a preliminary number. By rule, the Fed has to release that by August 31, it may come sooner. You talked about an error in the calculation, we haven't used that word. What we know -- what we believe, rather, is that the amount of OCI gain that came through the Fed’s disclosed results looked non-intuitively high to us. And if you adjust that in ways that we think are reasonable, you would get a slightly higher stress capital buffer. Whether the Fed agrees and whether they decide to make that change or not is up to them, and we'll see what happens. I think the larger point is that if you look at the industry as a whole and if you sort of put us into that with some higher pro forma SCB, whatever it might conceivably be, you actually see once again, quite a bit of volatility in the year-on-year change in the stress capital buffer for many firms. And just sort of reiterating and -- another example of what we've said a lot over the years, that it's volatile, it's untransparent, it makes it very hard to manage capital of a bank. It leads to excessively high management buffers, and we think it's really not a great way to do things. So I'll leave it at that.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. I mean I would direct you to read -- actually, I have Jamie's comments at the industry conference where you participated the week after Investor Day, because he wanted just a good amount of detail on this stuff addressing some of these points. And I think his comment there about the special dividend was that it's not really a preference. We hear from people that many of our investors wouldn't find that particularly appealing, and he said as much that it wouldn't be sort of our first choice. So I think the larger point is just that -- a little bit to your question, there are a number of tools in the toolkit, and they're really the same tools that are part of our capital hierarchy. So first and foremost, we're looking to deploy the capital into organic or inorganic growth. And then the dividend, I think, we are always going to want to keep it in that like sustainable, and also sustainable in a stress environment. So that continues to be the way we think about that. And then at the end of it, it is buybacks. And Jamie has been on the record for over a decade, I think over many shareholder letters, talking about how he thinks about price and buybacks and valuation, and price is a factor. So that's sort of the totality of the sort of options, I guess.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. Thanks, Ken. It's progress, right? I mean we are happy to see the progress. People have been talking about [depressed] (ph) banking fee wallet for some time, and it's nice to see not only the year-on-year pop on the low base, but also a nice sequential improvement. So that's the first thing to say. In terms of dialogue and engagement, it's definitely elevated. So as the dialogue on ECM is elevated and the dialogue on M&A is quite robust as well. So all of those are good things that encourage us and make us hopeful that we could be seeing sort of a better trend in this space. But there are some important caveats. So on the DCM side, yes, we made pull-forward comments in the first quarter, but we still feel that this second quarter still reflects a bunch of pull forward, and therefore we are reasonably cautious about the second half of the year. Importantly, a lot of the activity is refinancing activity as opposed to for example, acquisition finance. So the fact that M&A remains still relatively muted in terms of actual deals has knock-on effects on DCM as well. And when a higher percentage of the wallet is refi, then the pull-forward risk becomes a little bit higher. On ECM, if you look at it kind of at [remove] (ph), you might ask the question, given the performance of the overall indices, you would think it would be a really booming environment for IPOs, for example. And while it's improving, it's not quite as good as you would otherwise expect. And that's driven by a variety of factors, including the fact that as has been widely discussed, that extent to which the performance of the large industries is driven by like a few stocks, the sort of mid-cap tech growth space and other spaces that would typically be driving IPOs have had much more muted performance. Also, a lot of the private capital that was raised a couple of years ago was raised at pretty high valuations. And so in some cases, people looking at IPOs could be looking at down rounds, that's an issue. And while secondary market performance of IPOs has improved meaningfully, in some cases, people still have concerns about that. So those are a little bit of overhang on that space. I think we can hope that, over time that fades away and the trend gets a bit more robust. And yes, on the advisory side, the regulatory overhang is there, remains there. And so we'll just have to see how that plays out.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. I still feel like when it comes to Card charge-offs and delinquencies, there's just not much to see there. It's still -- it's normalization, not deterioration. It's in-line with expectations. As I say, we always look quite closely inside the cohort, inside the income cohorts. And when you look in there, specifically, for example on spend patterns, you can see a little bit of evidence of behavior that's consistent with a little bit of weakness in the lower income segments, where you see a little bit of rotation of the spend out of discretionary into non-discretionary. But the effects are really quite subtle, and in my mind definitely entirely consistent with the type of economic environment that we are seeing, which, while very strong and certainly a lot stronger than anyone would have thought given the tightness of monetary conditions, say, like they've been predicting it a couple of years ago or whatever, you are seeing slightly higher unemployment, you are seeing moderating GDP growth. And so it is not entirely surprising that you're seeing a tiny bit of weakness in some pockets of spend. So it all kind of hangs together in what is sometimes actually not a very interesting story.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. Thanks, Glenn. So on private credit, so nothing really new to say there. I think -- I guess one way the environment is evolving a little bit is that as you know, a lot of money has been raised in private credit funds looking for deals. And sort of a little bit to my prior comment, in a relatively muted acquisition finance environment, at this point you've got a lot of money chasing kind of like not that many deals. So the space is a little bit quieter than it was at the margin. Another interesting thing to note is some of this discussion about kind of lender protections that were typical in the syndicated lender finance market making their way into the private market as well, is sort of people realize that even in the private market, you probably need some of those protections in some cases. Which is sort of supportive of the theme that we've been talking about, about convergence between the direct lending space and the syndicated lending space, which is kind of our core thesis here, which is that we can offer best-in-class service across the entire continuum, including secondary market trading and so on. So we feel optimistic about our offering there. I think the current environment is maybe a little bit quieter than it was. So it is maybe not a great moment to like kind of test whether we are doing a lot more or less in the space, so to speak. And then on asset-backed financing, you actually asked me that question before. And at the time, my answer was that I haven't heard much about that trend, and that continues to be the case. But clearly, there must be something I'm missing. So I can follow up on that and maybe we can have a chat about it.
Jeremy Barnum: Right. I mean on duration, in truth we have actually added a little bit of duration over the last couple of quarters. So that's one thing to say, that was more last quarter than this quarter. But I guess I would just caution you from -- a little bit away from looking at kind of our reported cash balances and our balance sheet, and concluding that when you look at the duration concept holistically, that there is a lot to be done differently on the duration front. So clearly, it is true that empirically, we've behaved like very asset sensitively in this rate hiking cycle, and that has resulted in a lot of excess NII generation sort of on the way up in the near-term. But when we look at the fund's overall sensitivity to rates, we look at it through both like the [EAR type lens] (ph), the short-term NIR sensitivity, but also a variety of other lenses, including various types of scenario analysis, including impacts on capital from higher rates. And as I think Jamie has said a couple of times, we actually aim to be relatively balanced on that front. Also, given like the inverted yield curve, it's not as if extending duration from these levels means that you're walking in 5.5% rate. In fact, the forwards are not sort of that compelling given our views about some sort of structural upward pressures on inflation and so on. So I think when you put that all together, I don't think that kind of a big change in duration posture is a thing that's front in mind for us.
Jeremy Barnum: Sure. Good question, Matt. I mean, I guess the way I think about it is a couple of things. Like our returns tend to be a bit seasonal, right? So if you kind of build yourself out a full year forecast and make reasonable space on your own, or analyst consensus or whatever, and you think about the fourth quarter, better look at this on a full year basis when you think about the returns than the quarterly numbers, and you obviously have to strip out kind of the onetime items. And so if you do that, like whatever you get for this year is still clearly a number that's higher than 17%. So yes, one source of headwinds is normalization of the NII, primarily as a result of the expected higher deposit costs. That's -- we've talked about that. Part of it is also the yield curve effects. Some cuts will come into the curve at some point. And in the normal course, if you kind of do a very, very, very supplemental model of the company, you would have like expenses grow -- revenue is growing at some organic GDP like rate, maybe higher, and expenses growing at a similar slightly lower rate, producing a sort of relatively stable overhead ratio. But even if the amount of NII normalization winds up being less than we might have thought at some prior point, you still have some background -- you still have some normalization of the overhead ratio that needs to happen. So as much as our discipline on expense management is, as tight as it always has been, the inflation is still non-zero. There are still investments that we're executing. There is still higher expense to come in a slightly flatter revenue environment as a result of in part, the normalization of NII. And then the final point is that whatever winds up being the answer on Basel III endgame and all the other pieces, you have to assume some amount of expansion of the denominator, at least based on what we know so far. So of course, any of those pieces could be wrong, but that's kind of how we get to our 17%. And if you look at the various scenarios that we showed on the last page of my Investor Day presentation, it illustrates those dynamics and also how much the range could actually vary as a function of the economic environment and other factors.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. I mean you and I talked about this before. I guess I sort of -- I guess I don't really agree fundamentally with the notion that the way to think about things is that sort of yield curve steepness above and beyond what's priced in by the forwards is a source of structural NII or NIM for banks, if you know what I mean. Like I mean people have different views about the so-called term premium. And obviously, in a moment of inverted curve and different types of treasury supply dynamics, people thinking on that may be changing. But I think we saw, when rates were at Zero and the 10-year note was below 2%, everyone sort of -- many people were kind of tempted to try to get extra NIM and extra NII by extending duration a lot. But when the steepness of the curve implies -- is driven by the expectation of actually aggressive Fed tightening, it's just a timing issue and you can wind up kind of pretty offside from the capital and other perspectives. So there are some interesting questions about whether fiscal dynamics might result in a structurally steeper yield curve down the road and whether that could be sort of -- earning the term premium, so to speak, could be a source of NII, but that feels a bit speculative to me at this point.
Jeremy Barnum: No. Actually, I think that is the right list Mike. I mean, frankly, I think one thing that would end to be over earning narrative is if our annual returns were closer to 17%. I mean to the extent that, that is the through-the-cycle number that we believe and that we are currently producing more than that, that's one very simple way to look at that. But the pieces of that or the pieces that you talked about and the single most important piece is the deposit margin. Our deposit margins are well above historical norms, and that is a big part of the reason that we still are emphasizing the over earning narrative.
Jeremy Barnum: I mean we would generally assume requirements plus a reasonable buffer, which depending on the shape of rules, could be a little bit smaller or a little bit bigger. And the small part as a function of the volatility of those pools, which goes back to my prior comments on SCB and CCAR. But obviously, as you well know, what actually matters is less the ratio and more of the dollars. And at this point, the dollars are very much a function of where rules land and where the RWA lands, and obviously things like GSIB recalibration and so on. So we've done a bunch of scenario analysis along the lines of what I did at Investor Day that informs those numbers, but that is obviously one big element of uncertainty behind that 17%. Which is why at Investor Day, when we talked about it, both Daniel and I were quite specific about saying that we thought 17% was still achievable, assuming a reasonable outcome on the Basel III endgame.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. I mean, I think in short, Mike, and we've talked about this a lot and Jamie has talked about this a lot, it is a very, very, very competitive market. And we are very happy with our performance. We are very happy with the share we've taken. And 17% is like an amazing number actually. And like to be able to do that, given how robust the competition is from banks, from non-banks, from US banks, from foreign banks and all of the different businesses that we compete in, is something that we're really proud of. So the number has a range around it, obviously. So it's not a promise, it's not a guarantee and it can fluctuate. But we are very proud to be in the ballpark of being able to think that we can deliver it, again assuming a reasonable outcome on Basel III endgame. But it's a very, very, very competitive market across all of our products and services and regions and [line] (ph) segments.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. That's a very good and fair question, Betsy. So let me try to unpack it to the best of my abilities. So -- in no particular order. One thing that we've really tried to emphasize in a number of different settings, including in our recent 10-Qs actually, is that we don't want to get into the business of guiding on buybacks. So we're going to buy back whatever we think makes sense in the current moment sort of -- and we prefer the right to sort of change that at any time. So I recognize that not everyone loves that, but that is kind of a philosophical belief. And so I might as well say it explicitly. It was pretty clear in the [Q] (ph) also, but I'm just going to say that again. So that's point one. But having said that, let me nonetheless try to address your point on framework and governors. So generally speaking, we think it doesn't make sense to sort of exit the market entirely unless the conditions are much more unusual than they are right now, let's say. Obviously, when for whatever reason, if we ever need to build capital in a hurry, we've done it before and we are always comfortable suspending buybacks entirely. But I think some modest amount of buybacks, is a reasonable thing to do when you are generating your kind of capital. And so we were talking before about this $2 billion pace, we're kind of trying to move away from this notion of a pace, but that's where that idea comes from, let's put it that way. You talked about the $4.9 million, which I recognize may seem like a little bit of a random number. But where that actually comes from is the other statement that we made, that we have these significant item gains from Visa. And if you think about what that means, it means that we have, post the acceptance of the exchange offer, a meaningful long position and liquid large cap financial stock, i.e. Visa, which realistically is highly correlated to our own stock. And so in some sense, why carry that instead of just buying back JPMorgan stock. So we talked about, Jamie talked about as we liquidate the Visa, deploying those proceeds into JPM, and that's what we did this quarter. So that is why the 4.9% is a little higher. And it's consistent with my comments at our Investor Day around having slightly increased the amount of buybacks. And beyond that what you are left with is answer to Steve's question, which is that, to your point about buying back earnings or whatever, when we are generating these types of earnings and there is this much organic capital being generated, in the absence of opportunities to deploy it organically or inorganically and while continuing to maintain our healthy but sustainable dividend, if we don't return the capital, we are going to keep growing the CET1 ratio, the levels of which -- if you think about the long strategic outlook of the company, are not reasonable. They're just artificially high and unnecessary. So one way or the other, that will need to be addressed at some point. It's just that we don't feel now is the right time.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. Good question, Gerard. I have to be honest, I haven't focused on that particular sequential explain i.e., quarter-on-quarter change and average non-interest-bearing deposits. But I think the more important question is the big picture question, which is what do we expect? I mean how are we thinking about ongoing migration of non-interest-bearing into interest-bearing in the current environment, and how that affects our NII outlook and our expectation for weighted average rate paid on deposits. And the answer to that question is that we do continue to expect that migration to happen. So if you think about it in the wholesale space, you have a bunch of clients with some balances in non-interest-bearing accounts, and over time for a variety of reasons, we do see them moving those balances into interest-bearing. So we do continue to expect that migration to happen, and therefore, that will be a source of headwinds. And that migration sometimes happens internally, i.e., out of non-interest-bearing into interest-bearing or into CDs. Sometimes it goes into money markets or into investments, which is what we see happening in our Wealth Management business. And some of it does leave the company. But one of the things that we are encouraged by is the extent to which we are actually capturing a large portion of that yield-seeking flow through CDs and money market offerings, et cetera, across our various franchises. So big picture. I do think that migration out of non-interest-bearing into interest-bearing will continue to be a thing, and that is a contributor to the modest headwinds that we expect for NII right now. But yes I'll leave it at that, I guess.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes, it's a good question. I think the short answer is no, we are not really seeing early signs of cracks in C&I. I mean, yes, I agree with you, like the C&I charge-off rate has been very, very low for a long time. I think we emphasized that at last year's Investor Day, if I remember correctly. I think the C&I charge-off rate we are seeing 10 years was something like literally zero. So that is clearly very low by historical standards. And while we take a lot of pride in that number, I think it reflects the discipline in our underwriting process and the strength of our credit culture across bankers and the risk team, that's not -- we don't actually run that franchise to like a zero loss expectation. So you have to assume there will be some upward pressure on that. But in any given quarter, the C&I numbers tend to be quite lumpy and quite idiosyncratic. So I don't think, that anything in the current quarter results is indicative of anything broader, and I haven't heard anyone internally talk that way, I would say.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. Happy to clarify that. So Jamie's comments were that the allowance to build and the Card allowance, so we are talking about Card specifically, we expected something like $2 billion for the full year. As I sit here today, our expectation for that number is actually slightly higher, but it is in the ballpark. And I think in terms of what that means for the consensus on the overall allowance change for the year, last time I checked, it still looked a little low on that front. So who knows what it will actually wind up being, but that remains our view. One question that we've gotten is how to reconcile that build to the 12% growth in OS that we've talked about because it seems like a little bit high relative to what you would have otherwise assumed if you apply some sort of a standard coverage ratio to that growth. But the reason that's the case is essentially a combination of higher revolving mix as we continue to see some normalization revolve in that 12%, as well as seasoning of earlier vintages, which comes with slightly higher allowance per unit of OS growth.
Jeremy Barnum: Thanks, Jim. Good question. So yes, trading assets have been up. That is basically client activity primarily secured financing related sort of matchbook repo type stuff and similar things that are -- grows up the balance sheet quite a bit, but are quite low risk and therefore quite low RWA intensity. So while our ability the supply that financing to clients is something that we're happy about and it's very much represents us leaning into the franchise to serve our clients. It's not really particularly RWA, and therefore capital intensive, and therefore it doesn't really reflect an aggressive choice on our part to deploy capital, so to speak. On the loan demand front, yes, I mean, unfortunately, I just don't have much new to say there on loan demand. Meaning, to your point, loan demand remains quite muted everywhere except Card. Our Card business is, of course, in no way capital constrained. So whatever growth makes sense there in terms of our customer franchise and our ability to acquire accounts and retain accounts, and what fits inside our credit risk appetite is growth that's going to make sense. And so we're very happy to deploy capital to that. But it's not constrained by our willingness or ability to deploy capital to that. And of course, for the rest of the loan space, the last thing that we are going to do is have the excess capital mean that we lean in to lending that is not inside our risk appetite or inside our credit box, especially in a world where spreads are quite compressed and terms are under pressure. So there is always a balance between capital deployment and assessing economic risk rationally. And frankly, that is in some sense, a microcosm of the larger challenge that we have right now. When I talked about if there was ever a moment where the opportunity cost of not deploying the capital relative to how attractive the opportunities outside the walls of the company are, now would be it in terms of being patient. That's a little bit one example of what I was referring to.
