Sarah M. Youngwood: Thank you for joining us, early in the morning. Key announcement, please turn off your cellphones. All materials are now available on our website. We will open the floor to Q&A at the end of the presentation. During the Q&A session, a few things that will be important, because some of the people are in the room, please wait for the microphone, and say your name to make sure that the people on the phone know who is speaking. Please be cognizant of others in terms of follow-ups, if you have several follow-ups we may have to come back to you towards the end. And then, we’ll go to questions through the telephone, and last point we know that Wells Fargo is having their call at 10. We have set up a room, it’s 207 on this floor, and a few breakout rooms for those who want to listen from here. With that, are we on in terms of the audio? Please take a look at the forward-looking statements, and I’m going to turn it to Jamie.
Sarah M. Youngwood: Matt O'Connor.Matt O'Connor – Deutsche Bank Securities: Matt O'Connor, Deutsche Bank. I’m going to ask the same question, Glenn started off, just as we think about longer-term earnings power, I mean, how can we completely ignore those some profit from the macro hedges, there should be some de-risk in the securities book? So I kind of want to ask the same question again and trying to get some number on that.
Sarah M. Youngwood: Ed Najarian.Edward R. Najarian – ISI Group Inc.:  Richard’s question was my question, so you’ve got it. Thank you.
Sarah M. Youngwood: Let me make an announcement for the phone, and if you are on the phone please put yourself on the queue at this point, and we’re going to take a few more questions in the room, and then we’re going to move to the phone.
Sarah M. Youngwood: Brennan Hawken.Brennan Hawken – UBS Investment Bank: Mike, when you went through your review, do you think that may be the idea that there was no formula for comp in the CIO might have led to some of the trouble and the stretching? And then on a go-forward basis as the follow-up, which is probably more important, how are you guys thinking about structuring comp in the CIO office over the next few years.
Jamie Dimon: So we think we’ve been fairly consistent. We think, we kind of have the rollercoaster ride here. And you see progress in a two steps forward, one step back. We still think, we’re going to model through that may not be in the former fashion or the time table roll to prefer. The numbers up there, we went from $12 billion to $6 billion of net exposure. We think that’s a rather good number, and the stress test, we think our risk goes and we talked about a potential loss of $3 billion in a bad scenario. It could be worse and a complete extreme scenario like pulling apart the whole European Union. The important thing, we’ve continue to conduct business there. We have a lot of clients in Italy, Spain for 100 years or so, and we are doing that carefully. And obviously, we’ve been doing more hedging of the exposures there and that decision we make periodically over time.Glenn Schorr – Nomura Securities Co. Ltd: Okay, last one. Maybe I don’t know if there is a point of clarification because I think everyone appreciates the full run-through and disclosure on the CIO. But coming into today, I was saying well, it would be great if they kick, I mean, what the loss was, what they think the expected loss is, and what percent is gone or left. You’ve got us on the loss side. You’ve got us on the full run-through. But I’m not sure, I’m clear on what’s left, how much of it’s gone or how much it’s still with you? Thanks a lot.
Jamie Dimon: We showed a lot of numbers, so the risk itself was down two-thirds, 70%, 80%. So it depend on how you measure it through IV, it doesn't have to lose money at all. And it’s at the extreme stress scenarios, simulated stress scenarios, which we – in a euro crises, a credit crunch, a 99.9% statistical analysis, could be as high as $1.6 billion or $1.7 billion. That’s one thing we expected and I’d be surprised we’ve got that through.
Jamie Dimon: The Investment Bank is doing what they’re supposed to do. We’ll not ask to take them any other risks, because it took some synthetic credit. They are going to manage synthetic credit, it’s just what they do, but the rest of the business is running exactly where it was before. And they constantly manage their own risk exposures.Matt O'Connor – Deutsche Bank Securities: And then separately, I don't know if this is – if you can say, I think specific to judge more again or just overall, but LIBOR obviously has been in the news quite a bit. If there is anything that you can say or even when will we know what we don't know instead of time-to-time or…
Jamie Dimon: All I can say is like all of these things, there are a lot of people doing exams, we’ll be open total openings regulators and investigators. And the other thing I’d be a little patient if I were you and not every thing is the same, it’s going to take a while and not all companies are in the same position.
Jamie Dimon: What we say with the nine as you actually fully fade the runner-up stuff and some of the models that we’re going to do. We would get another 1.9 within the next two years. So I’m just trying to show apples-to-apples.
Jamie Dimon: That 9.5 is the end of 2013 and it was like 10.5 or something at 2014. We don’t buyback stocks like 10.5 and 12.5. So right that slide, you could see it, that’s what our stock buyback. Well, that’s not taking – it’s only taking advantage of mitigating items that we knew would actually happen.
Jamie Dimon: Well, I can never prove in negative, okay. and so Mike just went through the – our expenses controls and disciplines, which we feel pretty good about, he can’t prove to you that because you’re not going to see it. We think this is isolated. And we think the control is in your – or just as Mike referring to the controls around the country, around the world. We think that it’s pretty good.
Jamie Dimon: So I think, financially, we spoke about mortgage, we think it’s kind of well. We’ve really done a good job there and it could change over time. We put away a lot of way to mortgage over time. This quarter when you see the 10-Q, as you get to see the 10-Q, it will show litigation expenses like $300 million. So we try to keep up with reserving for things we know about. This quarter, of course we had some digging the [nets] isn’t might just one thing that happens.
Jamie Dimon: And we’re getting our structures about what that process is going to – might be, what kind of project, but whatever it is, we think we can accommodate it and get it done and resubmit it. And like said I hope that both the board governance, the board estimates review, so I can’t tell you when the board is going to end this review, but I am hopeful that the board review and the capital plan are done in such a way that by the early in the fourth quarter we just buyback stock that we won.
Jamie Dimon: NoMike Mayo – Credit Agricole Securities: Okay. What can you say to further reassure us, I mean, you’re here in person, have you lost your step, has the focus has gone off…
Jamie Dimon: We have – Mike, this company is the same company that went through ‘06, ‘07, ‘08, ‘09, 2010, 2011 assimilated Bear Stearns brought one of those. And we have record in the last year, we have the record in the year before, it’s likely if you look at your own estimates were record in this year. Okay, and that we have got gained market share, investment banking as a nice management our commercial bank and small business in middle markets, we’re just have great job in marketing the , we’re going to sit back and trying to make this more attractive companies for you all. We’ve made a mistake, we completely disclosed mistake. The newer results are in front of you, we’re in better shape than a year before. Our CIO was not a place, we expect no mistake, we make a mistake. I can't prove it negative. I cannot prove a negative. We believe we’ve had very good controls and very good people in place.Mike Mayo – Credit Agricole Securities: And you’ve gotten the results…
Jamie Dimon: Because we have very granular limits and we’ve got risk committees, credit committees, audit committees, we do terribly a very good job. Now I think it’s certainly for anyone in the business world to think you’re not going to make mistakes. It is not possible in the real world, that’s only possible to fictional world, I just think the mistakes should be small and fewer far between, this has been an exception.
Jamie Dimon: Yeah, it’s not been nation’s instruments. A lot of these things are traded on exchanges, most of the index that you can go and buy from a marketplace easily; most of them are in clearing houses and if you – so want to see you can see them. So I think this portfolio became very big and very complex.Christopher Whalen – Tangent Capital Partners: Right.
Jamie Dimon: And one disclosure you are going to see, is that this AFS portfolio is yielding 2.6%, but this quarter is going to be… 
Jamie Dimon: 2.407%. That is hedging effectiveness. It’s really still yielding 2.6%. We did something like that, just a few hedge ineffectiveness when it goes against the asset.
Jamie Dimon: I was just telling, I don’t think the effective yield curve has gotten away. If it stays like this forever, we’re still going to earn about what we are earning. So it isn’t like, you have to deal with the negative every year, after the year. And then, obviously how you do your loans and your deposits and get a lot of things in your balance sheet, which earns very little to you, almost doing the service for clients, you might do less of that. So instead of $200 billion of treasury assets we have, we’re earning five basic points on that. So we don’t need to keep those deposits, but we may modify that, but you’ll change your pricing, your products, your services and try to earn a fair return on capital.
Jamie Dimon: And that’s number one. Number two, they are very complex in any rule, which I don't want to go to here about derivatives, but we did do a presentation. At one point it’s showing exactly how it droves net by counterparty, and we’d be happy to share that with you and take you through it.
Jamie Dimon: Sure, we’ve obviously looked at all that. None of the people in CIO are on in any form of formulas to business is not on a formula. We obviously looked at compensation for what we were doing in CIO relative to what you would see – pay related to running $350 billion fixed income portfolio. I can’t obviously get in the minds of the individuals that – in making individual decisions, but we’ve looked for evidence of particular things that were problematic around our compensation schemes and then found no particular issues.
Jamie Dimon: Right, I would respectively say that, yeah certainly the cross-sell is very obvious, and that's why we’re not look at separating into numerous companies, but I'm just wondering at what point it does become more apparent that there are diseconomies and is it potential that, is it possible to have CIO in part of a smaller institution, it would have gotten the management look that it required.
Jamie Dimon: You could have argued the other way, there is a huge source of strength that helps growing this company, do all these norms and do best during the involvement, do all these wonderful things, CIO was a mistake, and we’re sorry.
Jamie Dimon: Yeah, there – a little bit, and you know those things are as Europe, the fiscal cliff in the United States, it’s all those things will make you to be a little more cautious, but again, I think we’re – next year regardless of all the things and whatever happens.
Douglas L. Braunstein: And we’re hopeful that when Board finishes review the regulators get to look at everything when Mike is said and done, ask your questions, filed a CCAR. We’re hopeful that by the first quarter we will buyback stock. We think the number is justify. We think the performance of the company justifies it, but we want to go through that process. It’s a prudent thing to do and some stops that were happening and so there.
Douglas L. Braunstein: So on the first, it was several basis points of the impact. It’s going to vary quarter-on-quarter. It has varied quarter-on-quarter. So part of the difference this quarter is, we had some positive results last quarter and negative results and swing is less important from NIM standpoint. On the NII, in aggregate, we have some portfolio run-offs and we’ve provided you some guidance around that. We continue to build our balances and build our loan portfolio. So the question is going to be which exceeds the other here. 
Douglas L. Braunstein: Yeah. so the real differential there has been a modest decline. The real differential is our secure rates because as these demands go deeper into the securities, they are taking more mortgages that we’ve been paying for longer and the result of that is that we’ve been decreasing the amount of demands we actually have to repurchase. That’s really been driving in part the analysis. On the private label side, you’ll see in our supplement, we had a modest increase in demands, but much of that is going to make its way through litigation.
Douglas L. Braunstein: That’s Basel I. Basel III rules getting really changed very much for the mortgage portfolio.Chris Kotowski – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Douglas L. Braunstein: So I would say it’s something that the complexity of synthetic credit was there over five years and there were things that obviously we could have cut sooner, but it didn’t took the circumstances in the first quarter get us, but the overall mistake was allowing something that wasn’t like the rest of the ALM type of activities to get housed inside CIO that have one form of risk management structure and then put something new in that required whole different type of risk wrapped around it and do it at the time.
Douglas L. Braunstein: I think we certainly put a lot of attention on ourselves. And I think the takeaways that we saw was just bolstering all processes around model of governance, implementation approval, a new team which took 25-year veteran risk manager in charge of a new groups. It’s really going to lead up watching model activities all parts of the process, because really the mistake we made here was roles and responsibilities. So whereas I would say we’re very good, and particularly our Investment Bank, which is the heaviest user of models. We’ve got very robust in-business market risk teams that have the hand off. We’re dealing with parallel testing, back testing, running the operational model themselves. CIO was weaker in that regard. So when you have the interaction between the independent model of review group and the market risk teams in the business, again a particular mistake here. So that's a policy in procedure thing that we’ve even tightened up and John Hogan’s done a lot in the past month.
Douglas L. Braunstein: It’s very hard to answer the way you read about everyday. Now we’re reading about what they kind of need to do and they need to do kind of all of them, one is the bank have the European bank regulator, European bank scheme to stop bank loans have some facility that could finance the time and spend of sovereign debt in the meantime, and then fiscal union, the people believe it. And we think you guys see that kind of in fits and starts over time, and just people compare it to a rollercoaster.
Douglas L. Braunstein: So we share a lot of information that people ask, the radar is a completely up-to-date on Mike’s information. Mike, get into this...
Douglas L. Braunstein: Yeah, just I like to differ, okay, and there is huge strength in this company that the units get from each other. So, we don't have the strategy, or we’re guessing the things. The investment banks sort of the commercial bank, the TSS gives huge order flows investment bank, we think there is a numerous amount of cross-sell and we do just as much as most, anybody else have there between the consumer banks, small business, private wealth management, credit card mortgage. And our job is to do a great job serving clients grow the business and eventually the stock will reflect it. And so, I think also people, they’re spitting off company. I’ll give my whole life that gives us (inaudible) higher P, lower P that’s like, that’s very short-term stuff. Have a strategy, execute on it, built a business that's where you build value. We don't feel great to be, it haven’t been a great job for sure all this recently, that we completely acknowledge and but we keep on building the company and one day the stock will reflect it. If the Board ever thought of a better strategies, that will be considered at the time.
Douglas L. Braunstein: They're going to do their own work as they show it, it comes to own conclusions. Remember, the board as an independent group, which is still guiding this taskforce and it will come to its own conclusions too.
Douglas L. Braunstein: I showed it was AA+. It’s an AFS portfolio. It’s not mark-to-market and P&L. It’s got a 3.7 year average life, 80% government guaranteed, or government type of entity guaranteed. You’re not going to move all to in it. If we have a small hedge there, if we are sure and you see we hedge more in Europe, that’s what we need when doing a hedge. That really has very good AFS, but the AFS’s subordinates rest of the company. Nothing would please us more than to reduce AFS and make some more great loans. So they can’t say, we pay just from the revenues there, broadly because they’re not there for that, where do they manage this portfolio. We need some very good people. There’s $350 billion, it operates actually how many countries, on multiple currencies. So it is, we need some very good people managing that book just exactly what (inaudible) were BlackRock fixed income portfolio.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Yeah, so I mentioned three things obviously we operate some of the consent order; second is, this independent foreclosure review, those cost are larger and are going on longer than we expected; and then third is, we just continue to have a lot of defaults properties that we’re processing through.
Douglas L. Braunstein: Those will come down over time but they have – they remained at a level. So our expectation is we’ve thought we’d seen movement in the second, third and fourth quarter. It’s more likely that it’s 2013 event.
Douglas L. Braunstein: I’ll get back to you on that.James F. Mitchell – The Buckingham Research Group Inc.: Okay, I’ll follow-up. Thanks.
Michael J. Cavanagh: We are not going to comment anything right there right now.Brennan Hawken – UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Thanks.
Michael J. Cavanagh: It’s a good question Nancy. What we refer to there is a – in late April, at this stage, which John Hogan over there and team folks from outside CIO and for cross business, when into – to really sit onsite and take the book apart. Prior to that there was obviously work being done with senior risk folks, but we’re looking through the lens of the CIO risk team. So it took to a different level of intrusion.
Michael J. Cavanagh: I can't speak for the regulators, but certainly they have been – we’ve spend a lot of time with them to keep them informed and obviously wanted to guide our work apart from the get going away that was going to satisfy a lot of different opportunities.
Michael J. Cavanagh: No, I mean I don’t think. When we talk about formulas, the individuals getting a cut off revenue, none of that existed, and I don’t think that’s a good thing. I think the kind of practices that are common in CIO was the same as what we do on our Investment Bank. It’s taking the totality of managers, subjective judgment of performance in a multi-year view of how good a person is in his job for multiple years. All that together with the pay practices, how we defer compensation all are our sound policies and it’s the application obviously that you have to get right. Matt, who is now running CIO I’m sure will just bring his own individual management style to doing that, but we didn’t walk away with the feeling that there is anything different about that even with the company or that the company broadly should be doing differently around in administering compensation.Brennan Hawken – UBS Investment Bank:  And the idea now that we don’t have a synthetic in CIO, clearly that’s going to mean we should probably just assume more volatile results out of that business and particularly in times when credits getting a little funky.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thank you. I understand from your information that one of the reasons for the losses here was that perhaps the successes even led to some complacency, real governance of the unit. And as I look through some of the discovery information, it seems that the risk management profile here was one that excluded certain basic tenants of risk management, granular levels of asset, concentration risk et cetera. So I guess, I think, as a question was this [year bill] conceives from our risk management perspective, from day one and it took five years to reach the end result or there are perhaps some small successive [look perhaps] the credit management over time that ultimately and perhaps we can look at the new VaR models, and in that being one of those that ultimately led to this result.
Unidentified Analyst: One quick tweak of the and share has always been the incentive structure. I’m just wondering if in the CIO review there was any conclusions based on – if incentives were aligned with long-term shareholder interest.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. I'm (inaudible). Maybe from the perspective of the buy side, a long suffering shareholder and my clients, I’d like to follow-up on Mike Mayo’s question and also reference to KBW report that looked at the potential of splitting off the Chase Consumer Bank with RON credit and having a standalone JPMorgan Commercial bank, investment bank trust and TSS. and the point being much as the tipping point or actual diseconomies of scale, and even if there are economies of scale, the stock market refuses to acknowledge it in terms of the multiple continuum to come down. And I look at the track record over the past year, so and notwithstanding a great performance relative to a pretty low VaR. but it's still a good performance. But we've had the mortgage servicing issues, mortgage foreclosure issues, and military veteran issues, energy, commodities, sales practices, now that’s inexcusable, just unbelievable CIO debacle, and our potential LIBOR. And I think about, what has to happen for either you as a management team or you as a board to finally say, we are a great institution and we own a lot of great businesses, but we have reached that point where we are too big to manage, and in the interest of our shareholders there’s a different corporate structure that would better serve your owners. Thank you.
