JenniferPiepszak: Sure. As we look at rates paid on the retail side, we didn't obviously have reprice on the way up. And so there's little to do on the way down. In fact, there from a rate paid perspective we continued in the fourth quarter to see rates pay pick up a little bit on migration from savings to CDs. And then on the wholesale side, we did see rates paid come down as you would expect and we could see betas accelerate after the second cut. So there we saw more of a decline in CIB than we did in CB or AWM as you might expect. Importantly though as we only spend on the wholesale side, we price the client by client and so we're not going to lose any valuable client relationships over a few ticks of beta. And then I would just say in terms of the outlook with the Fed on hold, the implies do still have one cut later in 2020 and based on the latest implies we'll give you more detail at Investor Day as we always do, but I would say NII for the full year of 2020 flat to slightly down as a headwind from rates will be offset with balance growth. 
JenniferPiepszak: Sure. So the fourth quarter definitely I would say stabilized things, trade certainly stabilized things broadly speaking, stopped getting worse. And so we saw sentiment improved a bit which I think contributed to the overall success of the fourth quarter and then certainly there are some puts and takes. I mean that US consumer remains in a very strong shape both from a credit perspective sentiment spending. Obviously, labor market is very strong and the Fed and the ECB on hold and then capital spending is still a bit soft, but sentiment is at least certainly better than it was six months ago. So we have a broadly speaking constructed out located in as we're heading into 2020 year. 
JenniferPiepszak: Sure. So I'll start with the provisioning. So, look, I think it's fair to say under CECL you could have incremental volatility given that reserves are more dependent on specific macro economic forecasts. But there that would depend of course on our ability to have foresight into the timing and extent of those downturns. In cards specifically as you say, in any one period of growth or downturns you could see an increase in reserve and expense that we're taking, life of loan first is the next 9 or 12 months. So that's true and then on the wholesale side you could see some differences of course because there are modeling differences between specific macroeconomic forecasts and through the cycle. Having said that, we continue to believe that incremental volatility would be material for us and of course net charge-offs is not changing. And then from a price perspective, we don't foresee in the near term any pricing changes. The cash flows with the customer have not changed. And so we don't see any but it is true as you rightly point out that there is an increased cost of equity in the sense that we're taking reserves up front versus through time. So over time you could see that but we're not expecting it in the near term.
JenniferPiepszak: It could be, it could be. So that's just timing particularly on the card side. It's just timing but it's difficult to know again because it relies on our ability that has perfect foresight into the timing and extent of a downturn.
JenniferPiepszak: Sure. So you are talking about market, Erika? Yes, okay, sure. So they're --at Goldman in early December, I did say we expected to be up meaningfully. I'm saying the performance was broad-based in rates we call out securitized products. I'm sorry, in fixed income, we call out securitized products and rate which were bright spots but broadly speaking obviously equities got a very strong quarter as well. So it's really across the franchise and we saw very strong client flow and we had success monetizing those flows. So just a very healthy environment for us and really strong performance.
JenniferPiepszak: So, look, on the efficiency ratio, yes, I would say that like we've run the company with great discipline whether it's relentlessly pursuing expense efficiencies or investing with discipline through the cycle but because the efficiency ratio is an outcome not an input and is about expenses and revenue, we're not going to give a target for any one year. We think about operating leverage over time and we always say we're not going to change the way we run the company for what could be temporary revenue headwinds. And expenses, I would just say that at Investor Day last year Marianne told you that we expected the cost curve to flatten post 2019 in 2019 adjusted expenses were up 3%, 2020, we expect them to be up less than that.
JenniferPiepszak: Sure, of course. So I think you can think about tech spending on a fully-loaded basis being in line with what I described for the company. And we continue to realize efficiencies from investments in tech but as you well know it's we continuously invest in tech and so there's a fair amount of velocity in the investment portfolio there as investments roll off. And we're investing in new technology and innovation. So you can think about tech spending as being broadly in line with how I describe the company in terms of trends.
JenniferPiepszak: Sure. So I mean we're bound by standardized capital and so of course that is a consideration for us. And one of the reasons that we're looking to structured loan sales as you describe in the mortgage business. So we think that there's more we can do there. And then on G-SIB, we remain hopeful that we will see the refinements there and recalibration that the Fed has been talking about for some time because that will become increasingly difficult. So both are at the margins constraints for us but broadly speaking I wouldn't say that that we are constrained given where we are on our capital ratios.
JenniferPiepszak: That's a great point, Jamie. I should say that, yes. We, I mean there will be more disclosure about CECL in the Q.
JenniferPiepszak: Sure. So the first quarter tends to be a bit higher for us if you look through history. And so but there you can think about it comparing it year-over-year. We have volume and revenue related expenses increasing a bit of an increase on investments, but both are being partially offset by expense efficiency.
JenniferPiepszak: Sure, so on the ratio, I'll just remind you that of course we have our capital distribution plan approved once a year. And so since our last CCAR filing, we have realized some RWA efficiency and we've out earns relative to the assumptions in the CCAR filing. And so that's part of the reason why we've seen the ratios float up there. On stock buybacks, as you rightly point out our first priority is always going to be to invest for organic growth. And so we are always looking to do that first and foremost and then to have a competitive and sustainable dividend and only then to distribute excess capital to shareholders through buyback. And we have said that it makes sense to continue to do that at or above 2x tangible book which is about where we are now. We will obviously --when distributing excess capital always be looking at the alternatives but at 17% ROTCE and 2% or 3% dividend payout ratio there's a high bar for the alternatives.
JenniferPiepszak: Sure. So on wholesale non-performing loans in the CIB that was some name specific upgrades that we had in the CIB. And then in the commercial bank that was related to charge-offs taken in the quarter. And then on energy, really nothing there thematically I would say like any sector. We have upgrades and downgrades and this quarter was no exception. But I wouldn't say anything thematically in our portfolio that we're concerned about.
JenniferPiepszak: Thanks Steven. So I mean you touched on a number of things that are all important. And I think what's most important to us is that we end up with a cohesive framework across all of them. The comments from the Vice Chair has been constructive in the sense that he always reiterates that he thinks that level of capital in the system is about right. And so we'll have a firmer view when we see a final rule. As you say, we do expect to see something in 2020 based upon the comments that we have heard just like you have. And we expect that our 12% target will not be impacted because we do constructively hear the Vice Chair say over and over that the amount of capital in the system is about right. And then but we can't have a firm view until we see the final rule. And then on G-SIB, we remain hopeful that we're going to see the refinement that the Fed has been talking about perhaps not full recalibration until Basel IV which is what the Vice Chair recently said, but certainly there are a number of refinements that we've been talking about and the Fed has been talking about for years and that we remain hopeful that we'll see them very soon.
JenniferPiepszak: Sure. So you are absolutely right. On the wholesale side, the Fed balance sheet extension was a for sure a tailwind for us. Although, I would say the more meaningful portion of our deposit growth on the wholesale side in the quarter was from strong organic growth and client acquisition. [Tech Difficulty] pension was the tailwind and elsewhere I would say obviously it was the right thing to do. And provided stability in the repo markets throughout the quarter.
JenniferPiepszak: Sure, Brian. So on that -- I'll start with retail where we saw raise pay pick up a bit and that's on migration from savings to CDs. We have seen CD pricing come off its peak, but continued migration from savings to CDs. And then on the wholesale side, you see bigger declines in rates paid in treasury services for sure. And then a little bit less so in the commercial bank and AWM. And again as we always say these are named specific client by client decisions. And while we feel good about where we are, these are decisions we make client by client and we're certainly careful and have a lot of discipline not going to lose valuable relationships over a few ticks of beta.
JenniferPiepszak: Sure. So there are obviously some puts and takes which I'll run through but broadly speaking I would say what we're seeing is more a function of our own discipline than it is a function of demand and in C&I, we feel good about the growth that we're seeing in the areas where we're focused and specialized industries and market expansion, but of course that offsets partially by the tax-exempt portfolio that's running off and then in CRE good growth in commercial term lending as we continue to have opportunities there given the rate environment. And then that is offset by real estate banking where we are very disciplined given where we are in the cycle.
JenniferPiepszak: Yes. I mean there I would say, Glenn, our customer's data privacy and security is of utmost importance to us. And we think over time the best way for us to do that as securely as we can is to have third-party apps only access data through our APIs. And so we are working name by name to get those agreements in place. And we hope through time that is exclusively the only way that third parties can access our customer's data. We think that's the most secure way to do it.
JenniferPiepszak: Yes. They're -- I wouldn't say there's anything permanent there. The first quarter is typically lower for us, Marty. You can think about full year 2020 as being 20% plus or minus and of course that would depend on any non-recurring items we might have or any change in regulation but about 20% plus or minus and then of course the managed tax rate is typically 500 to 700 basis points higher than that.
JenniferPiepszak: Yes. So there I would say, Marty, on that sort of the last several hikes there was some catch up there because we had some lags on reprice in the rising rate environment. So if you just looking at the last few hikes the betas would certainly be higher than what we're seeing in terms of the first 3 eases here, but broadly speaking on NIM, I mean we don't -- NIM is an outcome for us not an input and as we think about looking forward certainly the environment is very competitive, it always has been and NII the outlook for 2020 is at this point based upon the implies flat to slightly down. And we do expect balance sheet growth.
JenniferPiepszak: I would say, Andrew that it was broad based. We can have Jason and team follow up specifically on a geographic breakdown, but it was largely broad-based.
JenniferPiepszak: Again, I don't have the split on market share by region but Jason and team can certainly follow up on that.
JenniferPiepszak: Sure. So as you said we'll give you more color at Investor Day for the Treasury services business, we feel really good about where we're positions. I think going forward they'll obviously be some rate headwinds there which we think can be offset by organic growth, but given the investments that we have made there, Jamie mentioned InstaMed earlier. We feel really good about the capabilities that we're adding and what we're seeing in terms of organic growth there. But we can talk to you more about that at Investor Day. End of Q&A
JamesDimon: That's a really hard question to answer, Mike. But obviously trade born a lot of consternation that has eased off a little bit. I don't think it's going to completely go away. You still have actual ongoing trade issues of China and Europe and stuff like that. I think because that sentiment got better trading got better so they're going- how long that continues we don't know.
JamesDimon: Sure. So we, I think we ended up at the low end as we through the year continue to get more certainty around what the macroeconomic forecasts were going to look like. And so I think that's really what's driving it obviously portfolio mix as well continue to be very strong in terms of performance of the portfolio. And then on the estimates for the economic outlook, as you rightly say there is the reasonable and supportable period which for us is two years and so we do use multiple weighted scenarios there. So we weight multiple scenarios with the one most likely getting the greatest weight and that's where you end up with what looks like a reasonably benign outlook for the reasonable and supportable period which also obviously would contribute to us hitting the low end of the range.
JamesDimon: Which means all the banks are bestowing these ridiculous forecasts and going forward and differences? We'll spend time talking about that as opposed to the actual business, but we will disclose we need to know to make it clear what we're doing and why we're doing it.
JamesDimon: You are absolutely right about acquisitions. We did do InstaMed this year which hooks up is electronic, system that hooks up providers and consumers of healthcare. Well, I think the numbers are 80% and 90% is still done by check. So there are opportunities like that we absolutely would be on the hunt for them.
JamesDimon: I would just add as capital expenditures come down all things being equal which they're not, but all things being equal you see a reduction in some lending. These companies need less money to pay off receivables and inventory and planting equipment.
JamesDimon: But very importantly is that that data is the data the customer agrees to give them on the basis they agree to give it to them, does not unlimited access to customer data and the customer will have the ability to turn it off, as opposed to today if you gave your bank pass code to someone they're taking the data every day maybe even every minute. And you don't even know that if you forgot.
JamesDimon: Yes. Look, there are lot of private companies they -- a lot of do well, some don't, some of fail, some have access to capital now, they won't have access to capital in a downturn, but it's not a systemic issue. It's just the other capital market there are a lot of private companies. And so I don't think it's that big a deal, you just have an adjustment and access to capital that will happen periodically.
JamesDimon: Yes. I'm not sure, we want to start disclosing that regularly. I do believe that market share went up in pretty much in most markets, but you can't say most markets and all products.
