Jeremy Barnum: Yes, Steve, good question. So, obviously, you’re right in the sense that we didn’t talk about 2024 on the slide. And as you note, we have two G-SIB bucket increases coming, one in the first quarter of ‘23 and the other one in the first quarter of ‘24. So, we had worked all that out on Investor Day and talked about 12.5% to 13% target, which implies sort of a modest buffer to be used flexibly based on what we expected would be some increase in SCB. Obviously, the increase came in a bit higher than expected. So, for now, we’re really focused on 1Q ‘23. Of course, all else equal, you would assume that that 12.5% to 13% for 2024 would be a little bit higher. But there is another round of SCB, and that’s a long way away. And as you know, and as you can see, there’s a lot of organic capital generation. So, we’ll kind of cross that bridge when we come to it.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. So, we’ve talked, as you know, Steve, about sort of a mid -- high single digits loan growth expectation for this year. And that outlook is more or less still in place. Obviously, we only have half the year left. We continue to see quite robust C&I growth, both higher revolver utilization and new account origination. We’re also seeing good growth in CRE. And of course, we continue to see very robust card loan growth, which is nice to see. Outlook beyond this year, I’m not going to give now. And obviously, as you know, it’s going to be very much a function of the economic environment, so.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. No. So, I mean, look, I think all of these things are true at the same time, right? So, first of all, as you can see on page 3, the organic capital generation enables us to build very quickly to get to where we need to be with a nice appropriate buffer on time, if not early. At the same time, as Jamie has noted, obviously, in this moment, we’re going to scrutinize even more aggressively than we always do, elements or lending, which are either low returning or have a low client nexus or both. We do that all the time anyway. But of course, in this moment, we’re going to turn up the heat on that a little bit. In terms of underwriting, as you say, we do underwrite through the cycle. I think we feel comfortable with our risk appetite and our credit box. And I don’t think we expect any particular change there.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. And Glenn, just remember that we did do that last quarter, right? So, we already introduced a sort of skew to the outlook beyond what’s implied by the market to reflect our own slightly more negative view. And in a sense, arguably, we were sort of early on that. So, it really wasn’t necessary this quarter.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes, great question, John. And I think you’re right to break it down by the different segments because we are seeing different dynamics there. So, on the wholesale side, you do see some lower deposits, some deposit attrition, and that is entirely expected and part of the plan in the sense that for client reasons, we had slightly higher appetite, especially in parts of the commercial bank for non-operating deposits, knowing fully that our pricing strategy, as rates went up, was going to be to not pay up. And therefore, we expected the attrition from those -- from that client base. And so, we’re seeing that, and that’s actually something that we want, all else equal. And it’s playing out in line with expectations. You do see a little bit of a decline or a little bit of a headwind in wealth management. I think that’s just seasonal tax payments being a little bit higher than usual. And then, on the consumer side, we’re really not seeing much at all. So, that remains strong, not seeing any attrition there. And it’s early in the cycle to really be observing much, one way or the other from a pricing perspective.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes, yes, yes. So, in terms of ‘23, we had talked at Investor Day about how we saw upside into 2023 from that fourth quarter run rate. And that more or less remains true. There is some upside. Obviously, we’re starting from a higher launch point, higher rates and less so after the CPI trend, but there have been moments where there were cuts in the 2023 Fed expectations. So, that could have some impact on the dynamic. Obviously, this is all in an environment very volatile implied, but the core view of some upside from that fourth quarter run rate into 2023 is still in place.
Jeremy Barnum: And Betsy, maybe I’ll just comment briefly on the black box point because as Jamie noted, the SCB is quite volatile, and I think you see that across the industry. And it’s -- you have to -- we feel very good about building quickly enough to meet the higher requirements, but there are pretty big changes that come into effect fairly quickly for banks, and I think that’s probably not healthy. And the amount of transparency, there is a lot of information released, as Jamie says. But since the SCB is really a quantity that gets measured to the peak drawdown period, and that information does not get released, it winds up being really very hard at any given moment to understand what’s actually driving it. And that combination of suboptimal transparency and high volatility is really our central criticism, I guess, I would say. But nonetheless, you got capital generation...
Jeremy Barnum: Yes, Jim, good question. We’ve looked at that, too. It’s definitely more of the former than the latter. In other words, $77 billion is the number that we see right now and the number that we believe. And we can see in our outlook a bunch of factors driving up second half expense, including deal, M&A closing and adding to the run rate as well as continued execution of our investment plans, resulting in increased headcount, probably at a faster pace as we kind of have ramped up our hiring capacity and so on. So, I wouldn’t draw any conclusions about lower than $77 billion based on the first half numbers.
Jeremy Barnum: Look, I think the short answer to that question is no, certainly not in any of our reported actual results for this quarter. The place that everyone...
Jeremy Barnum: Right, exactly. Obviously, running still well below normal levels from the pre-pandemic period. But if you really want to kind of turn up the magnification of the microscope and look really, really, really closely, if you look at cash buffers in the lower income segments and early delinquency roll rates in those segments, you can maybe see a little bit of an early warning signal to the effect that the burn down of excess cash is a little bit faster there, buffers are still above what they were pre pandemic, but coming down, and that absolute numbers for the typical customer are not that high. And you do see those early delinquency buckets still below pre-pandemic levels, but getting closer in the lower income segment. So, if you wanted to try to look for early warning signals, that’s where you would see it. But I think there’s really still a big question about whether that’s simply normalization or whether it’s actually an early warning sign of deterioration. And for us, as you know, our portfolio is really not very exposed to that segment of the market. So, not really very significant for us.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes, sure. So on card revenue rate, we’ve said that we thought 10% was a reasonable number for the full year, and it’s running a little bit lower right now. And I think the current level -- but where is it, Michael, 9.6 or something is probably the right the right number for the full year at this point. And really, the difference is driven by a couple of factors. The main one is that while the growth in revolve is basically still in place, our view that we would see normalization and revolve balances happening towards early -- beginning of next year, that -- starting point of that did get slightly delayed by Omicron by about six weeks. And so that, all else equal’s a little bit of NII headwind relative to what we’d expected, but still obviously very robust…
Jeremy Barnum: Right. So, yes, and just to finish on card. So, slightly lower NII just from the Omicron delay. And that slightly better-than-expected new client acquisition is a driver there. And then there’s some subtle kind of funding effects from the higher rate environment contributing to it as well.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. Hey Gerard. So, as you know, QT just started. So, I think it’s not the sort of thing where you can say I expect this exact outcome and then sort of track it sector by sector, because you can see the clear impact on system-wide deposits, but that also interacts with RP and TGA and stuff like that. And so how that flows into the banking system and then to any individual bank across the wholesale and consumer segments is kind of a tricky thing. So, it’s early on that. But, at a high level, and your comments to what Jamie said before are right. The story remains true, which is that depending on how QT interacts with RRP and loan growth, in particular, you could see some decline in deposits in the banking system, and we would see our share of that. But we would expect that to primarily come out of wholesale and primarily come out of the non-operating and sort of less valuable portions of our deposit base. While in consumer, while you could, in theory, have a little bit of a headwind there, we feel pretty good about our ability to keep those levels pretty steady based on the strength of the franchise and the ability to take share.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. It’s in the IB revenue line, and there’s a small amount in the commercial bank as well. But as you said, Jamie, and as Daniel also mentioned at Investor Day, I think we made conscious choices here to dial back our risk appetite here and accepted some share losses in leveraged finance. So, we feel good about where we are. We’re still open for business with the right deals at the right risk appetite upside on the right terms, absolutely, but we’ve been careful.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes, hey Erika, sure. So first point, you have to turn over your magnifying glass. But if you look at Footnote 5 on page 3, you can see that right at the end of there, it says, assumes flat RWA in the projection, so. And I think within that, who knows what the exact mix will be, and you’ve heard Jamie’s comments on that. But if you look at the table above, you see that you’ve got the usual moving parts. We’ve got organic loan growth that we want, that’s been profitable on its own or part of important relationships that we’d like to see continue to happen. Some of it is a little bit passive. We can’t really control it. It moves up and down as a function of factors like war. And then there’s the mitigation piece of it, which we’re going to turn up the scrutiny quite intensely, as I said before, on lower returning, lower client nexus or both. So across those three bits, we’ll see how it goes. But as Jamie said, we feel pretty confident here. In terms of deposits, at this point, deposit growth is probably less of a driver overall looking forward of the NII outlook. Our deposit outlook remains more or less the same that I said before and that we’ve talked about at Investor Day, which is we do expect to see some attrition in wholesale. We expect consumer to be relatively stable, and we’ll see how it goes.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. But I don’t know, maybe if you want a little bit of general color about how we’re thinking about the portfolio. I do think -- yes, okay. I’ll keep it brief. The -- on duration, I think at this level of rates, also with very quickly cash yields being roughly not that different from 10-year yields, the question of duration adding or not is just generally less important for us. Then, the other piece of it is whether there’s the opportunity to deploy cash into non-HQLA securities broadly into spread product. And obviously, spread product is more attractive right now. But as we’ve been talking about a lot on this call, the priority right now is to build capital. So, that will be something for later, I would say.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. And that showed exceptionally low losses in wholesale. So, whether or not that’s a prediction of the future or not, but yes.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. I mean, we think the current reserve, the current allowance, we think, is conservatively appropriate for a range of scenarios. And as you know, it’s already kind of skewed to the downside and there are probably some other elements of slight conservatism in there. So, we’ll see how it goes. We feel that it’s just appropriate and conservative at this point.
Jeremy Barnum: Weighted average life of four or five years, yes. So, the good rule of thumb on constant rates is about 10 basis points of CET1 accretion a year.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. The only thing I would like to add is that certain loan growth is discretionary and portfolio-based, think of mortgages, and there’s a good chance we’re going to drive it down substantially.
Jamie Dimon: And the only thing I would add is that certain, obviously, risks that we take kind of price themselves. So, if you look at our bridge book, it’s smaller than it was because we price our self out of the market. And that was a good thing because a lot of people can lose a lot of money there, and we lost a little. And so, we are very conscious of that kind of thing all the time.
Jamie Dimon: First of all, it’s public. So, you can actually go see what drives it, the global market shock and credit loss and stuff like that. And we don’t agree with the stress test. It’s inconsistent. It’s not transparent. It’s too volatile. It’s basically capricious arbitrary. We do 100 a week. This is one. And I need to drive capital up and down by 80 basis points. So, we’ll work on it. We haven’t made definitive decisions. But I’ve already mentioned about we dramatically reduced RWA this quarter. We may do that again next quarter. We’re probably going to drive down mortgages, and we’ll probably drive that other credit too that creates SCB. So, I could go into specifics on that. It’s easy for us to do. You’ve seen us do it before. We’re going to drive out non-IP deposits. It creates no risk to us, but as the G-SIFI and all various things. And so, we’re going to manage the balance sheet, get good returns, have great clients and not worry about it. We just want to get there right away. I don’t want to sit there and dawdle. That’s the rule. They gave it to us. We’re going.
Jamie Dimon: There’s another very important point for shareholders. That number, when they -- that doesn’t even remotely -- the stress loss doesn’t even remotely represent what happened under that kind of scenario. And I’m not saying the Fed says it should or shouldn’t. But I would tell you, we’d make money under that scenario. We wouldn’t lose. I think they had us losing $44 billion. There’s almost no chance that that would be true. And I just -- and I feel bad for the shareholders because people look at that and say, well, what’s going to happen? And there’s good evidence. We didn’t lose money after Lehmann. We didn’t lose money in the great -- what just happened. We didn’t lose money, great financial recession. The Company has got huge underlying earnings power and consistent revenues in CCB, asset management, custody, payment services. And then, we have some kind of fairly volatile streams. Now, we’ve got the CECL, which obviously can go up or down quite a bit. But again, that’s an accounting entry. And so, we feel in very good shape. We just have to hold a higher number now, and we’re going to go there.
Jamie Dimon: This got bad effects for the economy because -- I just said, we’re going to drive down this and drive down. It’s not good for the United States economy. And the mortgage business in particular is bad for lower income mortgages, which hurts lower income, minorities and stuff like that because we haven’t fixed the mortgage business, and now we’re making it worse. There’s no real risk in it, not a benefit to JPMorgan, but it hurts this country, and it’s very unfortunate.
Jamie Dimon: The balance -- well, no, we’ll originate but the balances in the books will probably come down. And look, we reserve the right to change that. But that’s a portfolio decision. And if it doesn’t make sense to own mortgages, we’re not going to own them.
Jamie Dimon: We’re going to keep a buffer -- I’m not even sure what the SCB means at this point. We’re not going to go below any regulatory minimum. And if we have to, we’ll just drive down credit more to where we got to create. It’s a terrible way to run a financial system. And we owe you more on what we think that buffer should be because we have so much -- what I think is so much excess capital. It just causes a huge confusion about what you should be doing with your capital. But keep in mind, one thing, we’re earning 70% of tangible equity. We can continue doing that. The Company is in great shape. We’re going to serve our clients and manage the hell out of the rest of the stuff. We still think we have great businesses and stuff like that. And that’s what we’re going to do. Most of this stuff doesn’t create any additional risk at all. It just creates capital.
Jamie Dimon: Just very roughly, we have a tremendous ability to manage it. I can think we do without affecting our ROTC targets and stuff like that. Obviously, it will affect NII a little bit and capital generation a little bit of stuff like that. But all told, we’re going to imagine how it will be fine.
Jamie Dimon: Can I just add a little bit on -- because I know I’m harping on mortgage a little here, but I just want to explain it. Because -- if you go to Europe, okay, the capital held against mortgage is like a fifth of what we have to hold here. And we can obviously manage that and standardized risk-weighted assets do not represent returns or risk. So, there are a lot of ways to manage it. And we don’t have -- there’s no securitization market today. So, our view would change if there was a securitization market, we might do something different. But by not owning it, buying it, sign it, hedging it, swapping it, there are a million ways to manage it without really affecting a lot of your risk of returns. And so, it’s unfortunate, because I think this is all kind of a waste of time in terms of serving our clients. Our job is to serve clients through thick or thin, good or bad with what they need, how they need it. And now we spend all the time talking about these ridiculous regulatory requirements.
Jamie Dimon: Let me -- first of all, we run the Company -- we’ve always run the Company consistently investing, doing stuff through storms. We don’t like pull in and pull out and go up and go down and go into markets, out of markets through storms. We manage the Company, and you’ve seen us do this consistently since I’ve been at Bank One. We invest, we grow, we expand, we manage through the storm and stuff like that. And so what I -- and I mentioned to all of you on the media call, but there are very good current numbers taking place. Consumers are in good shape. They’re spending money. They have more income. Jobs are plentiful. They’re spending 10% more than last year, almost 30% plus more than pre-COVID. Businesses, you talk to them, they’re in good shape. They’re doing fine. We’ve never seen business credit be better ever like in our lifetimes. And that’s the current environment. The future environment, which is not that far off, involves rates going up, maybe more than people think because of inflation, maybe stagflation, maybe soft -- there might be a soft landing. I’m simply saying there’s a range of potential outcomes from a soft landing to a hard landing, driven by how much rates go up, effect of quantitative tightening, the effect of volatile markets, and obviously, this terrible humanitarian crisis in Ukraine and the war and then the effect of that on food and oil and gas. And we’re simply pointing out, those things make the probabilities and possibilities of these events different. It’s not going to change how we run the Company. The economy will be bigger in 10 years. We’re going to run the Company. We’re going to serve more clients. We’re going to open our branches. We’re going to invest in the things, and we’ll manage through that. We do -- if you look at what we do, our bridge book is way down. That was managing certain exposures. We’re not in subprime fundamentally. That’s managing your exposures. So, we’re quite careful about how we run the risk of the Company. And if there was a reason to cut back on something we would, but not only we think it’s a great business. It’s got great growth prospects. It’s just going to go through a storm. And in fact, going through a storm, we will -- that gives us opportunities, too. I always remind myself the economy will be a lot bigger in 10 years. We’re here to serve clients through a thick or thin, and we will do that.
Jamie Dimon: Mike, I think we gave you some examples at Investor Day, for example, AI, which we spend a lot of money on. We gave you a couple of examples, but one of them is we spent $100 million building certain risk and fraud systems so that when we process payments on the consumer side, losses are down $100 million to $200 million. Volume is way up. That’s a huge benefit. I don’t think it wants to stop doing that because there’s a recession. And so -- and plus, in a recession, certain things get cheaper, branches are enormously -- bank are enormously probably. We’re going to keep on doing those things. And we’ve managed through recessions before. We’ll manage it again. I’m quite comfortable to do it quite well. We stop starting on recruiting or training or technology or a branch, that’s crazy. We don’t do that. We’ve never done that. We didn’t do it in ‘08 and ‘09...
Jamie Dimon: But that’s -- yes, that’s very performance-based too. And again, Mike, the way I look at it a little bit in 15 years, the global GDP -- or 20 years, the global GDP, global financial assets, global companies, companies over 5 -- $1 billion will all double. That’s what we’re building for. We’re not building for like 18 months.
Jamie Dimon: So, if you go back to ‘07, I think, the whole Street bridge book was $480 billion. I think the whole Street bridge book today is 100 or under 100.
Jamie Dimon: Our percent of that bridge book has come down substantially just in the last 12 months. And that’s really just underlying loan by loan by loan, and you win some and you lose some. And if you guys look at high-yield spreads and stuff like that, bonds are down 6%. That’s what you see. So, you have some flex, you don’t have some flex. And we’re big boys. We know that, and there are write-downs of a couple of bridge loans. They’re not huge. They’re just -- I think they were in the investment banking line.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. So first, I just want to point out that on that chart, that’s not a forecast for what it is going to be at the end of the quarter. So, we’re going to -- if you’re going to pencil some of your models, it’s 12.5% on December 31, and it’ll probably be 13% at the end of the first quarter. And because obviously, we use capital for a whole bunch of different reasons. And the consumer -- I feel like a broken record. The consumer right now is in great shape. So, even we go in a recession, they’re entering that recession with less leverage in far better shape than they’ve been -- did in ‘08 and ‘09 and far better shape than they did even in 2020. And jobs are plentiful. Now, of course, jobs may disappear. Things happen. But they’re in very good shape. And obviously, when you have recessions, it affects consumer income and consumer credit. Our credit card portfolio is prime. I mean, it’s exceptional. But again, we’re adults in that. We know that if you have a recession, losses will go up. We prepare for all that, and we’re prepared to take it because we grow the business over time. We’re not going to just immediately run out of it. And so, I think it’s great the consumer is in good shape. And it’s excellent that -- I’d like the fact that wages are going up for people at the low end. I like the fact that jobs are plentiful. I think that’s good for the average American, and we should applaud that. And so, they’re in good shape, right now.
Jamie Dimon: And I should just point out, the forward curve has been consistently wrong in my whole lifetime. We don’t necessarily make investments based on the forward curve. And second, we’ve always told you that we use the portfolio and other things to manage the broad range of outcomes, not just to try to add NII. So, if you said add NII next quarter, yes, we could do that. That would be managing the broad outcome of potential outcomes here, which is to protect the Company through all possible outcomes.
Jamie Dimon: Yes. So, I mean I would just go back to that and we show -- we think through-the-cycle, loss would be for credit cards, C&I and a bunch of other things. And obviously, through-the-cycle is an average, and you can kind of double that from...
Jamie Dimon: Let me state very simply for you. In COVID, we got to 15% unemployment within three months. And in two quarters, we added $15 billion, which we can easily handle. That is clearly -- I would put that almost out of the worst case. It will clearly be a lot less than that. And you guys can look at the things yourselves. Every 5% is another $500 million or something like that, if you change your odds, and so.
