Jamie Dimon: Hey, good morning, everybody. Before we start the actual call, I want to repeat something we just said on the press call. So before we get into the discussion about third-quarter earnings, I just want to say how deeply saddened that we all are about the recent horrific attacks on Israel and the resulting bloodshed and more. Terrorism and hatred have no place in our civilized world and all of our hearts here at JPMorgan Chase go out to all who are suffering.
Jamie Dimon: Inside the company, some people think it will happen sooner, i.e., me. Some people think it will happen later, i.e., Jen and Marianne and Jeremy.
Jamie Dimon: And I would just say quantitative tightening there. That will be a large number, and we don't exactly know the effect where wholesale, consumer -- remember also the Fed has the RRP program, which is also sucking money into the Fed directly reducing deposits. That's still [$1 trillion, too] (ph).
Jamie Dimon: So I would add caution. There has been an extraordinary amount of fiscal monetary stimulus still in the system. And you can't look at -- and of course, it can drive markets and sentiment and sales and profits and all that, but it can't stay like this forever. Between Q2, if you've never had, and how much the fiscal stimulus is going to continue at this rate before you have kind of [indiscernible] kind of factors. So I just -- I think you have to be very cautious. And of course, the dealer policies, I think, is just an extraordinary issue we have to deal with. How do you prepare the company for that? We do 100 stress tests a week. And we do multiple views of it, including geopolitical problems or interest rate problems. But usually, geopolitics presents itself as usually as a deep recession or a mild recession, a recession part of the world or markets going down a lot. And because markets do well is not a reason ever to say they're going to continue to do well. If you don't believe me, remember 1987, 1990, 1994, the year 2000, the year 2009, and people don't predict those inflection points. I just -- but my caution is that we are facing so many uncertainties out there. You just got to be very cautious [what you’re] (ph) facing. And like I said, the other thing about the green shoots regardless of that, we try to run the company so that we serve the clients day in and day out with better products and better services, securely, safely and all those things. And that's the ultimate goal. We know there are going to be bad times. That's not a surprise as there are going to be bad times. We don't always know how they're coming and where they're coming from, but we keep on serving clients, doing good for clients, you can build a good business kind of separate from what it does to your returns. That's a slightly different issue at this point. But we'll deal with that, too, when we figure out what to do.
Jamie Dimon: And just the competition, we look at it as, it’s Wells. It was coming back, which I'm happy for you guys. It's obviously [Marcus, it's Apple. It's Chime, it's Dave] (ph). There’s a lot of people coming up with these businesses in different ways. Some have been quite successful, like Stripe in payments. And so we want to be very good and very competitive. Some of that tech spending is things which are almost a sine qua non, which is cybersecurity, data center resiliency, regulatory requirements and things like that, which we simply are going to do and be very, very good at to protect the company.
Jamie Dimon: Well, I don't agree with that statement. Banks have an extraordinary amount of proprietary data in addition to when you do like a large language model, that's public data. It's looking at everything in the Internet or everything that's ever been published or something like that. But AI is an extraordinarily good tool to use. We just put a woman who is running at our table. So it's data analytics, AI, et cetera. And there are multiple types of AI. So we use AI for risk, fraud, marketing, prospecting. And the management team is getting better and better and say, how can we use data to do a better job to reduce errors, to serve clients better, to have a salesperson have co-pilots. They know why even the clients calling us something like that. And so we simply have to do it. Does it create opportunity for disruptors to come in? Yeah, of course. That’s always been true with technology and -- but we'll be quite good at it.
Jamie Dimon: Can I just answer real quickly? We don't really know. It's a one-sided conversation generally. They say put in your comments. So everyone's going to put in extensive comments kind of like you heard from Jeremy, and we don't really know. We don't really know what's going on inside the Fed, how many people get involved. In my view, it's become a very politicized process as opposed to the technical analysis, I think that’s required to do it exactly right. So we'll see.
Jamie Dimon: I think -- so if you look at Markets alone, it's a huge, I think, 60% increase in capital. And if you look at it, you can do that by product, for some products it worth it than for others. But generally, it's bad across all products. And market make -- but the really important thing is market making is a critical function. And if you look at the world, only so many large market makers who can make markets for governments, hospitals, cities, schools, states, IMF, World Bank, BlackRock, Blackstone and all those various things to buy and sell for their clients in size, and market makers have a different function than hedge funds. And I don't know what the real intent was with this, this is another one, I think, needs to be really thought through. What are you trying to accomplish? We do market making quite safe. We've never lost the kind of money that people talk about in market making in the global market [shock] (ph) or something like that. But the other thing about market making, I do agree it could actually force some people out. It will force lower positions, which is why I think it's a little risky, but it may also force more consolidation. And so clients, since they need it so much, there may be consolidation in unintended way in market making and obviously more volatile markets because with all the constraints for the LCR, SLR, capital, et cetera, you will constantly be up against limitations on what you can do.
Jamie Dimon: Great opportunity for European market makers. I mean, a great opportunity. Like they can do repo and FX and swaps and credit and stuff with 30% less capital. That is a big difference in that kind of business.
Jeremy Barnum: Sure. Thanks, John. I think the themes are pretty much the same as we've seen in prior quarters. So as we talked a little bit about on the press call, we've been trying to be a little bit cautious about recognizing that we don't think the current levels are sustainable. And we do think that we'll have to reprice in some pockets to some degree, maybe with tiering or whatever at some point in the future. And of course, that hasn't happened yet this year. So that's one factor. In the meantime, the CD strategy is working well. We're getting -- continue to get very good feedback from the field and we're capturing money in motion. And so we're seeing -- the sort of internal migration and the associated slow increase in deposit rate paid as a result of CD migration, but that's sort of working as we would have hoped. And so everything is kind of playing out according to plan, I would say. In terms of higher for longer, I think it just means that there will continue to be upward pressure on deposit pricing, both from internal migration and possibly from other effects. And at the end, as we always say, we're going to price products as a function of the competitive market environment.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. I think I would say that while we're not predicting higher rates, I'm sure Jamie will have something to say here, we believe in being prepared for it. And that's been our position for some time. And of course, that's produced good results, and we continue to try to position ourselves. So neither significantly higher rates nor significant lower rates present a particularly large challenge to the company. So probably at the margin, we're still a little bit biased for slightly higher rates. But do keep in mind that when modeling the duration of the balance sheet, higher rates do extend the duration or rather shorten the duration on the deposit side. So that can be a factor as well.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah, good question. I mean, as you know, obviously, the current levels in Investment Banking remain quite depressed, certainly relative to the very elevated levels that we saw during the pandemic but even relative to sort of 2019, which is what you might consider the last normal year. We do eventually think we'll recover to those levels and hopefully recover to above those levels, recognizing that by the time it happens, you will have had many years of economic growth in the meantime. And to be fair, while the current environment is a little bit complicated in mix and there are some headwinds, as you pointed out, things have improved a little bit. And I think I would say our banking team is a little bit more optimistic than they were last quarter. So it feels to me like a little bit of a slow grind with some positive momentum, but obviously, significant uncertainty in the outlook and some structural headwinds, given lower levels of announced M&A and some regulatory headwinds on that side.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. Those are all good questions, Steve. I think it's probably too early to try to provide that level of quantification on either front. If I start first with the Basel III endgame proposal, from our perspective, we're currently focused on advocating as aggressively as possible for the necessary changes, some of which are what you might call philosophical in nature or some of the things I highlighted in my prepared remarks. But some of them are very technical in nature, including things that we think might actually be mistakes on the proposal. And so talking a lot about optimizing away stuff that might change just feels like a bit premature at this point. I would point out that given how significant operational risk RWA is as part of the proposal, that is -- you can think of that sort of as a generic tax across the entire spectrum. And it's therefore, in some sense, non-optimizable. So we feel that it's important to manage expectations about the level of optimization that's possible once the rule is finalized and hopefully some of the technical items are addressed. Also, it depends on your definition of optimization. There's what I -- sometimes I use the term costless optimization, where it's just technical fixes that don't affect revenue and don't require you to exit businesses. I think that type of optimization will be harder to find than it has been in the past. But as we pointed out, we may simply need to exit things. And that will be because it is better than the alternative, which would be to do activity that's shareholder value disruptive, but it won't be costless. A good example of that is the renewable energy tax credit investment business, which as a result of the quadrupling of the risk weight, may no longer make sense. Now that's one that we hope will be changed but is tricky because those are very long-duration assets. So between now and the rule is finalized, it raises some questions whether we want to put that stuff on the balance sheet. So sorry, a bit of a long answer. But then, yeah, on quantifying CECL and CCAR, I think we've got to wait for that one because given the relative lack of transparency that we have into the Fed's exact modeling in terms of which quarter is the peak and so on and so forth, it's a little bit hard to predict what the exact impact of putting CECL and CCAR is going to be. We just know probabilistically that it will, like everything else these days, tend to push capital higher.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. So on the central scenario, you should read the research that gets put out by our competitors and our excellent research team. No, but in all seriousness, I think our US economists had their central case outlook to include a very mild recession with, I think, two quarters of negative 0.5% of GDP growth in the fourth quarter and first quarter of this year. And that then got revised out early this quarter to now have sort of modest growth, I think, around 1% for a few quarters into 2024. So just flowing that through our process while acknowledging that we're still skewed to the downside, we're still reserved to a significantly higher unemployment rate on a weighted average basis than is in the central case outlook. So that number we’ve sometimes given you is 5.5% this quarter. So it's really not much more complicated than that. We're just kind of following the process. And I think your other question was, where am I seeing softness in credit. And I think the answer to that is actually nowhere roughly or certainly nowhere that's not expected, meaning we continue to see the normalization story play out in consumer more or less exactly as expected. And then, of course, we are seeing a trickle of charge-offs coming through the office space. You see that in the charge-off number of the Commercial Bank. But the numbers are very small and more or less just the realization of the allowance that we've already built there.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. So I'll let Jamie speak for himself on that point, but our job is to advocate. We're not going to guess what the sentiment is in Washington. It's a 1,000-page rule proposal as you know. We've got a big team of very smart people studying it very closely. Interestingly, we noted recently that in some of the analysis that they did about the impact on lending, they sort of forgot about like $1 billion of the Fed and their preamble, they forgot about $1 billion of operational risk RWA. So it just highlights that there is a possibility or seem to have forgotten. They simply omitted the impact of the operational risk RWA on fees. So anyway, the point is it's long, it's complicated, it's technical. We do think there are probably some technical mistakes and they are going to forcefully advocate on all of those. And while we disagree with a lot of this stuff, these are technical issues that should be, in some sense, resolved technically. And hopefully, they'll listen.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah, a couple of things. So let me do the timing question first. So we're being very clear that we are not predicting when it's going to be a function of the marketplace and the rate environment and competitive dynamics and so on and so forth. So we're just really just trying to remind everyone not bank on the current run rate, which we just don't fundamentally think are sustainable. You'll be aware that before Investor Day last -- earlier this year, we tried to quantify what we thought that kind of normalized range might look like, and we put a sort of mid-70s type number out there. And at Investor Day, we talked about how the acquisition of First Republic was going to push that number up a little bit, although there were some overlaps and so on and so forth. So anyway, with the benefit of time and having everything settled in a little bit, if you sort of push us for that kind of what does that number now look like, we think it's probably closer to about 80 with all the obvious caveats that this is a guess and we don't know when. But we're just trying to point out that it's a bit lower than the current run rate.
Jeremy Barnum: There was no way that I was in that camp, actually, but I don't know. I'm not sure I have an opinion on it.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah, sure. So on loan growth, the story is pretty consistent with what we've been saying all year. So we were seeing very robust loan growth in Card, and that's coming from both spending growth and the normalization of revolving balances. As we look forward, we're still optimistic about that, but it will probably be a little bit more muted than it has been during this normalization period. In Auto, we've also seen pretty robust loan growth recently, both as a function of slightly more competitive pricing on our side as the industry was a little bit slow to raise rates. And so we lost some share previously, and that's come back now. And generally, the supply chain situation is better. So that's been supported. As we look forward there, it should be a little bit more muted. And I think generally in wholesale, the loan growth story is going to be driven just by the economic environment. So depending on what you believe about soft landing, mild recession, no lending, we have slightly lower or slightly higher loan growth, but in any case, I would expect it to be relatively muted. And of course, Home Lending remains fairly constrained both by rates and market conditions. But also, and I think this is true across the board, we will be managing things actively as mentioned in light of Basel III, which may not change originations, but it will change what we retain.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah, Gerard, I'd say a couple of things there. So first, it's not just credit, it's also deposit margin, right? So when we talk about over-earning on NII, a disproportionate amount of that is coming out of the consumer franchise for all the reasons that we've talked about. But I would also point out, sometimes we don't like the word overearning because right now, customers are happy, and they're doing CDs. And the broader answer to your question about why we're able to compete effectively really comes back to a decade, two-decade long history of investing for the future and recognizing that there's a holistic value proposition here that includes branches and the app and all the online services and the entire suite of products and services that is around this enterprise, which drives engagement and customer loyalty. And we're seeing some of the benefits of that now, although we're not complacent. The competition is still there, the fintechs are still there, and we know we need to continue investing to preserve the value. And it's also true that the particular circumstances of the current rate and credit environment means that the earnings are a little bit above normal, but that core franchise is extremely robust.
Jeremy Barnum: That’s a good question, Gerard. I think it's a little bit bigger picture than that. And I'm not sure. I get your question. It's a good question, but I'm not sure that the reported interest-bearing, noninterest-bearing split is the best one to look at this through for a couple of reasons. So first, like between wholesale and retail, we've got some amount of noninterest-bearing in wholesale that's sort of the ECR product, and so you see some dynamics there that play out. And in consumer, in a world where savings is paying a relatively low rate paid across checking and savings, the migration dynamics are probably not that different right now. But then, of course, even within consumer across both consumers and small businesses, you've got slightly different dynamics in terms of how people manage their operating balances. So I would tend to zoom out a little bit and see this as a holistic answer that's driven by internal migration from checking, savings, to CDs, from ECR to interest-bearing and wholesale. And then our potential response to the rate environment, the competitive environment, the overall level of system-wide deposits in terms of product-level reprice that may or may not happen at the moment in the future.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. So, Erika, I think the simple answer to your question is those -- I believe that fourth quarter exit number equates to a $90 billion run rate ex-Markets. And we're kind of saying that…
Jeremy Barnum: I didn't hear that. Okay. Anyway, so call it $90 billion run rate on an exit rate basis, and we're saying that we think something a bit more normal is closer to $80 billion. So that's one building block. Underneath that, I think one thing that's interesting actually, is that as the percentage of the deposits which are CDs increases, the sort of balance between internal migration and betas and rate and volume is a little bit less binary and a little bit smoother. So when we look at this type of stuff and we model migration, balances, product-level reprice, as you get out of that lower zero bound with 0% CD mix world, things get a little bit smoother, I would say, overall. So it will be interesting to watch that, but it's obviously one of the most important things for us as a company right now. And we think we can manage it, but it's also worth remembering that the big picture point is just the client franchise. And we've often said, we're very focused on primary bank relationships, and we didn't lose any of those in the last cycle. We're not planning to lose any in this cycle, and that's what sort of a long-term focus means for us.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. Okay. That's a good question, Erika. I think there's a couple of pieces in there. So let me take the most important piece first, which is the 17% through the cycle target. Are we keeping that or not in light of the Basel III endgame proposal? So short answer is we're not going to change that number today. But when you look at what we've disclosed about a 25% increase in capital, it's not -- you have to start by acknowledging that, that is a major headwind to returns. In simple terms, you talk about earnings power and returns, but they're two different things, right? We have to be a little bit pedantic and do numerator, denominator here. Okay. So say the numerator doesn't change, if you just dilute down the numerator by the increased capital, that's a significantly lower return number. I would say that, that's probably the lower bound in terms of the impact of the Basel III endgame for a couple of reasons. One is we are hoping for changes. Two is, once the rule is final, we will seek to reprice in the places where we can. And that will be different in consumer and in wholesale. Some of it will be product level, some of it will be relationship level. But that hopefully can mitigate some of it. But of course, the flip side of that is that's cost getting passed into the real economy, and that's part of the point that we've made about lowering availability of products and services and lending. There may be some opportunities for costless optimization. I'm personally a little bit more pessimistic about those, but we surprised ourselves on those points in the past. So we'll see. And then finally, yeah, we may stop doing certain things, and we may exit things. But I wouldn't necessarily assume that, that's going to do a lot to preserve returns at the 17%. That's going to be about exiting things that are shareholder disruptive but not necessarily producing much higher returns if you know what I mean. So that's that. And then the other part of your question implicitly was talking about organic capital generation, and I think it's just very important to separate impacts on the economy and impacts on long-term returns from our ability to meet the requirements. Of course, as Jamie always says, JPMorgan is going to be fine. And we're building a lot of capital, and we were managing capital conservatively. And we'll be able to build the necessary capital in order to achieve on time or early compliance, which is always what we strive to do. But that doesn't really have any particular bearing on the question of what the long-term return target is or the impact on the real economy.
Jeremy Barnum: Okay. So I mean, on green shoots, you'll just note that our comments are cautious. I mean, there is momentum. I do think we are a little bit more optimistic than we were. But obviously, markets have been bumpy, both equity markets and rate markets have been very whippy recently. So we don't want to get too carried away with optimism here. We are coming on off a very low base. And so there's a hope and an expectation that we are on the path to normalization and improvement. And of course, the overall economic picture, at least currently, looks solid. The sort of immaculate disinflation trade is actually happening. So those are all reasons to be a little bit optimistic in the near term, but it's tempered with quite a bit of caution.
Jeremy Barnum: Yes. Let me do digital banking, Mike. I spent some time on this actually a couple of weeks ago. And it's interesting to note the sort of extent to which the growth in digitally engaged consumers is higher than the overall growth in consumer accounts, meaning that we're continuing to increase the percentage of our consumers that are digitally engaged. And it sort of goes back to my prior point about...
Jeremy Barnum: For sure, for sure, which actually links to the broader point that what -- in terms of your question about how much is this helping the current NII story, it goes to the larger point of it holistic, through the cycle, multi-channel, fully engaged customer strategy, which requires a lot of investment in branches, obviously, but also in digital services of all sorts. So in many ways, you can see the current environment as a little bit of a payoff of that investment, but that's not like, therefore, we stop investing, obviously. So I guess that's part of the answer. And I guess, your other question is the benefits of being the biggest tech spender. I just think like it's sort of mandatory right? I mean, we're big and very technology-centric business, and the world is competitive. And everything is changing. Younger generations have different expectations, and we have to be nimble, and we have to be on our front foot. And otherwise, we risk getting severely disrupted. So I don't know if Jamie wants to add anything.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. No, because you did ask a little bit about the expense outlook for next year. So I think at the conference, we said I think the consensus was $88 billion, but we're still going through budget process, et cetera, et cetera. So that's still true. I think we're still kind of in the ballpark, but I would say at the margin, there's going to be a little bit of upward...
Jeremy Barnum: This is all now including First Republic. And I think there'll be a little bit of upward pressure on that as we sort of do our usual thing and look at all the opportunities that we see and the investments that we want to make. So no surprise in that sense that we're going to invest prudently. Nothing dramatic, but probably a little bit of upward pressure on the margin.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. And I think that last point of Jamie's is particularly important because, sure, if you want, you can construct as what I would consider a very optimistic argument that the higher cost of doing business will lead smaller-scale players to exit, and that's a share gain opportunity for us. But I refer back to the comments about the disincentives to beneficial diversification and scale. Getting bigger, especially in Markets, it's quite expensive from, for example, a GSIB perspective. And so you wind up kind of hemmed in on all sides, which is one of the reasons why we're sort of highlighting that it does seem like the only way out sometimes when you look at the cumulative effect of everything that's happened in Markets over the last 15 years is a fundamentally very different system. And well, obviously...
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. I mean, I wish I had sort of an answer that fit better into your framework, but in some fundamental sense, we just don't agree with the framework, in the sense that -- and we've been through this over the last couple of years, right? In a world where rates drop very suddenly and recover like quite dramatically and credit becomes abnormally good and then rebounds, and you see these very significant fluctuations in capital markets. We saw that 2021 going into 2022 where the revenue environment can change a lot in the short term for reasons that can be largely out of your control. And while, of course, there are parts of our expense base, which are in the short term, directly sensitive to the revenue environment, and some of those adjust naturally and some of them we adjust more forcefully as a function of volumes. But other things are much more structural. And the goal is to make sure that those other things are sized appropriately to what we believe sustainable through cycle returns are. So we're always very focused on cost. You can be rest assured of that. That discipline internally is as aggressive as ever as we go through the budget cycle, but they're long-term plays. And you really shouldn't expect us to see trying to generate cosmetically lower cost in response to a lower revenue environment, where we didn't balloon the cost when the revenue became, as we've argued, unsustainably high.
Jeremy Barnum: Yeah. So you're right about the contribution and about the runoff of loans and it is notable, the net income, the First Republic-related net income that we printed this quarter. So the first thing to say is that we don't think that, that First Republic-related net income number from this quarter is a sustainable indicator of the future run rate. Some of the same dynamics that we just talked about, in particular, overearning on deposits or sort of above-normal deposit margins also apply to First Republic franchise to some degree. So we would expect that to normalize. And probably more significantly, as I think you alluded to, we do have some accelerated pull-to-par on some of the commitments that we took on at a fair value discount as part of the acquisition. And so that's a short-term tailwind in the revenue that will come out of that over the next few quarters. And yeah, in terms of how it's going overall and deepening the relationships, that remains a focus. And I think more of that will happen as we continue the integration and we continue stabilizing. And yeah, I think, as I said, I think, on the press call, things are going well, arguably a little bit better than we had sort of modeled as part of the acquisition, and we're happy to see that.
