Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. I was very pleased with our second quarter results, which were driven by strong revenue growth, especially in the consumer electronics and refrigeration markets. Our energy and fluid markets also contributed solid growth. In all, we generated 5% organic revenue growth, improved margins 30 basis points and grew adjusted EPS 24%. From a geographic point of view, our North American markets were modestly positive, our China markets were strong, resulting in broad-based growth of 20%. We continued to see significant growth from the investments we have been making in Latin America, the Middle East and Australia. Lastly, European markets were largely flat in the quarter. Many of the positive trends evident in the second quarter are continuing, giving us confidence as we move into the second half of the year. The served markets within energy, as well as the consumer electronics, refrigeration and food equipment, fluids and fast-moving consumer goods markets should all be strong, as evidenced by 8% bookings growth. Much like the second quarter, we see third quarter organic growth led by additional OEM product releases in the consumer electronics markets; continued strong performance in our downstream and production markets within energy, helped by an expected modest sequential increase in rig count; seasonal strength in both refrigeration and product identification as several leading retailers continue to remodel plans and consumer goods companies prepare for the holiday selling season; and of course, our global expansion initiatives across our company. Now some specific comments on our second quarter. At Communication Technologies, our consumer electronics growth was driven by new product launches, notably at Samsung. We expect the growth in consumer electronics to continue into the second half, driven by the Samsung ramp and several OEM product launches anticipated for the late third or early fourth quarter. In our Energy segment, solid production activity, especially within international markets, and continuing strength in downstream and retail fueling are among the trends that drove solid results. We expect the rig count to improve sequentially through the remainder of the year and for our production and downstream markets to remain strong. Within our Engineered Systems segment, refrigeration and food equipment markets were seasonally strong, and our business performance was excellent. Regarding our fluids markets, our solid results were driven by a healthy mix of long and short-cycle product shipments, with particular strength in our long-cycle pump business. Our industrial end markets were improved, with solid results in our global auto related markets and strong performance in our environmental solutions group. Within our Printing & Identification segment, growth in our fast-moving consumer goods markets was offset by a tough barcode market and project timing. I am pleased with the recent momentum in this segment, as evidenced by solid sequential revenue growth of 5% and an improving margin. Our acquisition program was quite active during the quarter, as we built our pipeline and closed 4 small synergistic deals, all of which either expand our product breadth or geographic reach. I'm also pleased to report the spin-off of Knowles is progressing well, and we are on track to complete it early next year. In summary, we are taking up the low end of our range based on our solid second quarter performance and our confidence in the second half. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As I mentioned earlier, I am very pleased with our second quarter performance as we delivered strong results in a low-growth macro-economy. We also continued our practice of returning cash to our shareholders through our share repurchase and dividend programs. I am committed to completing the $1 billion program by early next year and fully expect to continue our long-standing record of annual dividend increases. Our strong second quarter growth, solid book to bill and the positive trends across many of our businesses give me confidence in our second half growth and earnings forecast. I'm also very encouraged by the steps we have taken to strengthen our company. We continue to execute on numerous growth and productivity initiatives. I am pleased with our progress in investing for growth in emerging economies, which helped drive significant growth in those markets. Our second quarter organic growth and margin expansion reflects our success with product innovation and productivity programs. In addition, we have a robust acquisition pipeline, with targets that will complement and expand our already strong product and technology positions and further our efforts of geographic expansion. You should expect us to close several deals in the coming quarters. Also of significance, we believe the spinoff of Knowles will create substantial shareholder value and strength in both companies. When completed, I believe Dover will be a best-in-class diversified industrial company, with a strong growth and return profile, and Knowles will be positioned as a global technology and market leader in the communication technologies space. I am excited with Dover's long-term prospects as we continue to execute on the important initiatives ahead of us. In closing, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving our results. With that, Paul, let's take some questions.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So you're asking 2 questions. One, the performance in the second quarter relative to the guidance we provided on the April call. And Shannon, I was -- my first comment would be, I was probably being somewhat conservative in my April comments just because we don't always know how the product stream is going to flow from one quarter to the next. It's not as easy to predict as it is in some of our other businesses. The guys had an outstanding second quarter. Third and fourth quarter, we do expect some significant growth sequentially second half over the first half. The driver of this growth is going to be new product releases. I think you picked up in my prepared comments that we look at these product launches from the OEMs being late third quarter and early fourth quarter. I'd like to think I'm also being somewhat conservative with our comments on the product launches and the outlook for the communication technologies space in the second half of the year, Shannon.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. Second quarter margins down a little bit. My first comment would be to treat them -- treat that as a temporary blip. We did have some lower activity in Canada. Actually, it was quite a bit lower than we anticipated coming into the quarter. But the other thing that was -- I would label as temporary, we did have some elevated product development spending in the second quarter. It wasn't all constrained to the second quarter. But the second quarter spending in this product area was quite a bit higher than the first quarter or even what we'll see here in the third quarter. Margins for that segment were 24%, and maybe a fraction in the first half, Shannon. Margins for the year will be 24% for Energy.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. And as an example, that order is actually for product shipments in the late August through mid-first quarter timeframe of next year. Don't pencil this in at the low end of that range.
Robert A. Livingston: No. For the year, they will not be. No. It's fairly -- it's fairly -- it's a fairly close position between customer 1 and customer 2 for the year. They were rather significant for us in the second quarter. We actually have a very, very broad customer base, especially for our microfilm business, and it's growing for our speaker and receiver business.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So Scott, let me preface. Before I give you a response on the second quarter, let me preface this by saying I have shared both at Dover Day as well as a some of the conferences that we've been speaking at that over the last 4 or 5 years, we've actually served 2 key markets within China, one of them being the very, very significant export market for China, the export industry. And that's -- we're doing much less in that today than we did in the past. And our focus today is really -- I use the phrase supporting, servicing and touching the growing consumer class. And I would tell you as an opening statement, that's what you see in the second quarter. I think that's what you're going to see for the balance of the year is continued activity and growth around our various businesses that do support the growing consumer class. It's interesting to note all 4 segments had double-digit growth in China in the second quarter, from our consumer electronics business to our retail fueling activity to our auto business to Markem-Imaje and our Printing & Identification segment. It was -- well, again, I don't know how else to say it. It was rather broad-based.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay, so multiples. First of all, I'm going to emphasize the word "small". I could have used the word "very small". I think in total, the revenue we acquired in the second quarter was around $45 million or $50 million, is that the right number? Annualized, I mean, so they're rather small. The question around valuation in multiples, may be actually a bit lower than our historic number over the last 4 or 5 years. And I think our historic number for the last 4 years has been 9 or 9.3, something like that, on our trailing EBITDA.
Robert A. Livingston: So a little bit lower than that. So we like the valuation on these deals. As I commented, they were all add-on, highly synergistic product expansions [ph]. One of them was a bit of a geographic extension for us. We had a couple of them within Engineered Systems, a small one in our pumps business, another one in environmental solutions group and a small one within Printing & Identification.
Robert A. Livingston: No, Jeff. Well, look. As I said, we're right on track with our share buyback, and we still have more to do this year, as I indicated in the prepared comments. Keep in mind, in the second quarter there was a period of time that we weren't in the market as we were nearing a point in the decision around our spin. So I think you'll see us be a little bit more aggressive in the second half than in the second quarter on that, Jeff.
Robert A. Livingston: Organic. Now I actually don't have that data on what they did last year. We view Anthony as being very much on track with our acquisition model and the expectations we had for the year. Our close-the-case business at Anthony continues to, I will say, expand and execute quite well. The coordination between Anthony and the Hill PHOENIX team is proceeding extremely well, especially on the front end of the business and our sales and market activity and the channel management. We're quite happy with the acquisition.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay, yes. Let me be very specific here. Samsung, year-over-year in the second half, will be up. I don't know what that percentage is, but it's rather significant. We will have very strong year-over-year growth. To put this in perspective, though, Jeff, on a sequential basis, we look at first half versus second half. Expectations from Samsung, modest growth in the second half over the first half. I think it may only be 10% growth in the second half over the first half.
Robert A. Livingston: Oh, gosh. I don't -- I'm not sure that the split between gas and oil has changed any over the last -- over the last -- over the last couple of quarters, Deane. I think the -- when you look at the total rig count that is deployed, gas rigs are down about 20%, and we don't see that changing here in the second half. As we move into the -- as we move into the second half of the year, I think we -- our plans, I think are calling for about a 3% sequential improvement book in North America rig count. Let me -- no, let me correct that. 3% sequential improvement in U.S. rig count second half over first half averages. So it's not -- it's not a big driver of our expectations, but we do see it improving slightly.
Robert A. Livingston: No. I'm not going to -- would see the seasonal adjustment in Canada. And it's -- that one tends to be a bit more significant, Deane. The rig count, the rig count in Canada in the second quarter typically drops about 70% from the first quarter, sequentially. And we saw that again in the second quarter, perhaps even a little bit more of a drop than we typically see. That will recover from the second quarter lows as we typically see it. And I think for the year, the second half will lead to an improvement over the first half. But again, it's because of just the seasonal downturn in Canada in the second quarter.
Robert A. Livingston: I don't have an exact dollar impact with respect to revenue. But look, it's pretty safe to make the statement that in the last -- the last whatever it was, the 8 or 9 days of June, southern Alberta, there wasn't much business activity going on. That flooding was pretty severe. We do see it recovering. We do see a return to normal activity in the third quarter and the fourth quarter.
Robert A. Livingston: I think that sounds about right. I don't have that exact number. It may be slightly high, but it sounds about right, yes.
Robert A. Livingston: There will be some improvement in the non-acoustic businesses in the second half versus the first half. But the bulk of the sequential growth, Steve, is as you're inferring. It's going to come from consumer electronics.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So even aside from product launches that I'll comment on here as my second comment, you do see some seasonal balance between second half and first half, especially in consumer electronics. The second half is always a little bit stronger than the first half. So we do expect that, and we will see that. When you look at product launches in the late third quarter going into the fourth quarter, that -- our participation in those product launches is rather significant and it's rather broad-based. And the increased revenue aside from a little bit of a seasonal pickup you get in the second half, the bulk of our increased revenue in the second half sequentially is coming from our participation in the new customers' product launches in late third quarter and fourth quarter.
Robert A. Livingston: And we called this out on the April call. The real headwind we were feeling at Target was much more noticeable in the first quarter. We still dealt with it in the second quarter, but it was reduced.
Robert A. Livingston: Actually, it would have probably been more helpful if I had mentioned the actual business instead of --. But there is -- our primary business within pumps that is the longer-cycle is Maag Pump, the acquisition we made 15 months ago, I guess. It's not the only one, but that's where we see the primary long-cycle activity is within Maag.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. And John, we did call out on the April call that part of our weakness in the first quarter in fluids was a deferral by a customer of a scheduled first quarter shipment into the second quarter. That was part of the growth in the second quarter. But beyond that, the guys -- we have very, very strong activity in the second quarter within our pumps business.
Robert A. Livingston: It wasn't just one vertical. But if I did -- if I did mention one vertical that was important, it is the plastics vertical.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, your comment was if we were to keep Knowles, let me repeat my previous comment. Our progress on seeing a first quarter spin-off transaction is progressing very well, John. And yes, they had an outstanding quarter. If you annualize it, you get a pretty impressive number for next year, and I think they will have a pretty impressive 2014. We are working through our acquisition program across the group in Dover to pursue the deals that make sense for us and to pursue the deals that have the right valuation for us. We'll see how that rolls out over the next 2 or 3 or 4 quarters. With respect to additional share repurchases, all I'm going to do is repeat the comment that I made and that Brad made. We're on track for being at about 70% to 80% of the $1 billion authorization by year end. Any other comments beyond, that I would defer to a later date or a later call.
Robert A. Livingston: We're running a process. And I think we -- as I've been saying for the last 3 months or 4 months, I think you'll see us make an announcement here in the third quarter.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes, I think if you're trying to build your model, and I know that's what you're trying to do, I would feel pretty comfortable using margins in the second half for this segment, second half of '13, to be rather similar to what they were in the second half of '12.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes, and don't -- we call it auto related and it's not so much -- it's not so much the auto supply chain for building vehicles and light trucks here in North America. But it's really a comment around our lift business within vehicle service group. The activity there remained rather robust. Other short-cycle activity here in the U.S., we commented on Hill PHOENIX. Even within environmental solutions group, specifically our refuse truck business, had a very strong second quarter, both on revenue and bookings. We see them having a fairly solid performance in the second half. We obviously aren't seeing the growth in U.S. in North America that we are experiencing and winning in China or other emerging economies. But we do forecast modest growth here in the U.S. market in the second half of the year.
Robert A. Livingston: No, I wouldn't label this as share gains. I wouldn't label it as a stronger U.S. or North American market. I would bring a lot of attention on Hill PHOENIX comment to their continuing efforts to grow their business outside of North America. They've been working on this for, oh, goodness, a couple of years now. We're seeing the benefits of that, a little bit in the latter part of last year. We see some real benefits here in the second quarter. We think we'll see even more benefits in the third quarter. But don't label this as share gain and don't label this as a stronger-than-anticipated North America market. It's our international activity.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So growth activities opportunities, I guess my first comment would be with respect to a geographic opportunity. And we still see plenty of opportunities for this business in emerging economies. I commented earlier that all 4 of our segments had double-digit revenue growth in China in the second quarter. Markem-Imaje was part of that success in the second quarter, with double-digit growth rates. We would expect to see that continue for the balance of the year. They had an outstanding growth profile in Latin America and India. And then on top of that, we still see the U.S. market as a growth opportunity for Markem-Imaje. And the second part of your question was capital allocation. We made one small add-on acquisition. And here again, I'll use -- I will use the word "very small" add-on acquisition in the second quarter. But within our pipeline, we have another -- oh, I don't know, 2 or 3 opportunities that we're looking at and chasing. We'll see how they evolve and conclude here over the next couple of quarters. It is an area that we would like to deploy some more capital.
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes, the only data point I would give you, Jeff, is that I don't have year-over-year either, but we're really pleased with the sequential growth we saw in Anthony. It is into the season, but 25% sequential growth into Q2. We'll see that continue to grow into Q3, and then obviously moderate with the seasonality in that business into Q4. But right on track where we expected it to be, both in terms of our revenue expectations and, importantly, our earnings expectations.
Brad M. Cerepak: The only other thing I would add is in addition to looking at acquisitions across the portfolio of Dover, we are, as you noticed in the quarter, stepping up our investments internationally because we see great opportunity for us. And as Bob said, the broad-based growth in China has a lot to do with that.
Brad M. Cerepak: Okay. There's a lot of questions in there. But as I said in my comments, the increase in productivity is specifically due to the restructuring benefits. When we entered -- if I back up for a second, when we entered the year, in our earlier guide, we were expecting to spend in the order of magnitude of $12 million to -- let's call it $12 million to $15 million of restructuring. We are now looking at a number of $20 million to $25 million, of which a lot of that was already executed in the first half. A lot of that actually executed within DCT. And so the benefits we're seeing coming through in the second half have a lot to do with the amount we've spent in DCT to take out costs. You'll see it in the margin expansion in the second half, when we said it would be substantially up. And so that's what you're seeing on the bridge.
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes, I would echo that. I would say we are seeing it a little bit better. It's not dramatic. But from where we were earlier in the year, I would say it's improved -- improved quite a bit in the area of steel. But it's not big enough really to call out and say it's helped driving us into the second half.
Brad M. Cerepak: No, it's right -- I would say it's right on track year-to-date and in the quarter. Keep in mind, we do have pretty substantial AD&A or amortizations on that business acquisition. So I would say all in, with amortization, it's below the margin.
Brad M. Cerepak: It's drag on margins. But if I took out that AD&A, we're really, really pleased with -- I'm not going to go and tell you what the margin is for Anthony. But let's just say it's not an operational drag.
Charles Stephen Tusa: And so if I assume the other businesses, they seem kind of flattish. I mean, are there any dynamics sequentially in the non-consumer electronics businesses that are moving around? They seem kind of flat and stable.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Right. So 50% of the business is going to carry most of the load. And you said I think Samsung is up 10%. What is it? Are there that many launches from the other customers? And I guess if there are, are we looking at something other than the traditional handset stuff? Is there -- are there other things that are driving that in a material way? Assuming because Samsung up 10% is fine, but it's still below average of kind of what you need that consumer business to grow.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. So the other business outside of Samsung is growing a lot faster than Samsung. You've got -- the Samsung stuff was really the lift in this quarter that you called out.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then just one quick one on Engineered. Very good quarter, much stronger than I was expecting.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Yes, absolutely phenomenal. I guess, you mentioned the [indiscernible] stuff. I guess you called that out a bit in the 10-Q. But it's interesting that the core -- it seems like the core Hill PHOENIX business, what was that up? Because you were still kind of anniversary-ing the Target headwinds, so that's even more impressive in the face of that. Just curious, what your organic -- I guess, just bottom line what was your organic at Hill PHOENIX? I can kind of back into the rest.
