Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning, and welcome to Dover's First Quarter Earnings Call. With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's first quarter operating and financial performance, and follow with our outlook for the remainder of 2011. We will then open the call up to questions and as a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement, Form 10-Q and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through May 5, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 1 (800) 642-1687. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following reservation code: 55947580. And before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of those factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn this call over to Bob.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. [Operator Instructions] So with that, I'd like to turn it over to Jackie to get some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Jackie. This concludes our conference call. We thank you for your continued interest in Dover, and we look forward to speaking to you with our second quarter results. Thanks for joining us. Goodbye.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Dover had an excellent start to 2011 as the momentum that was evident last year continued to build in the first quarter. We continue to see strong trends in mobile handsets, solar equipment, the oil and gas market and global industrial production. These trends are reflected in our strong first quarter results and give me the confidence to increase our full year expectations. All segments achieved double-digit revenue growth and higher margins, absent deal cost. For the first quarter, orders were up 27% and revenue, 24%. Our first quarter order rates of $2.2 billion were at record level for Dover. As we discussed last quarter, we are making deliberate decisions to invest for growth. In addition to acquisitions, we continue to dedicate significant time and resources on international growth initiatives and product innovation.  In the first quarter, our incremental investments in engineering and sales and marketing, especially in emerging economies, are driving emerging market growth. First quarter revenue derived from Asia and Latin America was 20% of Dover's total with a collective growth rate of 38%. We believe this trend is sustainable over the midterm. As we did in China in 2009, we are now putting the necessary infrastructure in place in Brazil and India to ensure we are well positioned to fully participate in these key growth markets. While still relatively small, our first quarter growth rate was 28% in Brazil and 38% in India. Acquisition activity continued in the first quarter as we closed on four deals for a combined purchase price of $425 million. In particular, I could not be more pleased with results thus far of Harbison-Fischer, the largest of these acquisitions. Customer feedback has been quite positive with respect to our combined offerings in artificial lift. The integration is proceeding at a pace faster than originally anticipated, and we are seeing early success in our efforts to expand into international markets. As you recall, in December, we announced the signing of the agreement to acquire Sound Solutions. We originally expected this acquisition to close around the end of the first quarter. We are diligently working through the regulatory approval process, which is taking longer than originally thought. As a result, we don't expect this deal to close before the mid of the second quarter. In addition, our acquisition pipeline is rebuilding nicely, a result of internal initiatives and an active M&A environment. I am confident we'll announce additional deals in 2011. Before I turn it over to Brad, let me say I am extremely pleased with the start to our year. We continue to deliver strong financial performance while keeping our eye on our longer-term objectives.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Brad. We had a strong first quarter. And as Brad just indicated, we are expecting strong results for the balance of the year. I believe we are well positioned and focused on the opportunities presented by the strengthening global economy and increasing demand for energy, continuing growth in wireless communications and the significant infrastructure needs of emerging markets. I also think our positioning is quite well evidenced by our strong first quarter results, and I believe 2011 will be a great year for Dover.  In closing, I'd like to thank all our employees, customers and suppliers around the world. Our first quarter results would have been impossible to achieve without their strong efforts and support. Okay, Paul, let's take some questions.
Robert Livingston: Well, you asked two questions there. Let's talk about the activity in the first quarter. The integration activity, especially around the front end of the business sales and business development and marketing, is moving ahead of schedule. I think I commented in my prepared comments, with respect to our international sales successes and that activity, again, led by our infrastructure the NPS has put in place over the past year, did bring some orders in the first quarter that, quite frankly, we weren't planning on to occur in the first half of the year. I would also -- I guess the other thing I would add is that the activity around some of our supply chain initiatives, as we bring Harbison-Fischer online with some of those initiatives, has moved a little bit quicker in the first quarter than we had anticipated.
Robert Livingston: Gosh, Jim, it's kind of difficult for me to talk about our customer's supply chain. First of all, let me sort of preface this. From a revenue perspective, Japan is a rather small market for Dover. I think maybe it represents maybe 1% of our revenue. So it's from an impact on Dover on that perspective, it's rather modest. This did receive a fair amount of attention around Dover and our businesses after the earthquake and tsunami in Japan. And I think our concerns at that time were probably, or not probably, were much higher than they are today. The impact is rather modest. It's mostly around some specialty bearings and some electronic assemblies, all of which were -- we've got workarounds with other suppliers or with second source suppliers. I don't believe it has had an impact on any of our customer service activity to date. It is something that we're watching, not just with our direct suppliers, but as you point out, with our customer's suppliers. And as of yet, we are not seeing any pushback from supply disruptions from Japan.
Robert Livingston: I'm not going to sit here and give you a response on a 18-month viewpoint. But for the balance of the year, I think you can expect margins to reflect what you saw here in the first quarter. We do see some material inflation headwinds in our energy businesses. But Steve, for the most part, we've been able to cover that with price increases. Demand is strong. Rate count here in North America was up in the first quarter versus year-end. Everybody's got a different forecast for rig count deployment. The ones that we follow and tend to center around do show continued modest increases in rig count deployment during the balance of the year. And again, I think I've said this before, if you watch, especially U.S. rig count deployment, that's a pretty good indicator of what's going on in our energy business.
Robert Livingston: No. It's not in our guidance. We don't tend to forecast deals that are not complete. And in fact, we don't put the deal cost associated with that in the forecast as well. So when that transaction closes, that will be a prudent second quarter when we close it.
Robert Livingston: John, I think the input response that we've provided over the last three or four months is that you should expect some divestiture activity from our portfolio over the next 12 to 18 months. And we'll have -- we'll make an announcement when we have an announcement to make.
Robert Livingston: Oh, it'll end up being a unique situation with each business that we consider. Market conditions are a part of it.
Robert Livingston: Okay, that's going to be a different story within each segment and a different story almost within each business. If you look at our early cycle businesses, especially within electronics and some of the energy businesses that were early-cycle in this recovery, we've been adding capacity, even starting in the second half of 2009. So we're not sitting here today, looking at a problem in front of us with respect to either customer service or lead time management. When you look at our mid- to late-cycle businesses where we've started to see a significant increase in demand over the last couple of quarters, most notably within Industrial Products, Scott, the capacity management issue there is actually one of employees as opposed to fixed capital. And we have been adding employees over the last three or four, five months to manage the increase in demand. We are not looking at either one of our businesses today and believe that we have a challenge in front of us over the next three to six months to meet customer requirements.
Robert Livingston: Well, again, you go back and look at the last couple of years, the two significant businesses within Dover where we have added, I will call it, measurable in impact numbers on Dover for expansion of capacity has been at Knowles. And I think we've been doing that every year since we acquired them, maybe with the exception of one year. And then again, within our energy businesses, most notably at U.S. Synthetics, we have had significant capacity expansion there, twice in the last three years. We did a current program underway that was approved, and we've been funding that for the last six months, and that capacity expansion program runs through 2011 and, I think, will have us well positioned for 2012. We don't see an issue right now, Scott.
Robert Livingston: Well, Brad is going to give you a more specific response than I would. But you do ask an important question. Do we have a target? And the target will be a little bit different from business-to-business and segment-to-segment. But we actually start with a target of 80% to 85% of the business's gross margin. And it will go up, it will go down, depending upon what cost we're adding or where other investments were making in the business. But if you look at sort of -- everything being equal target, that conversion should be 80%, 82% of a business's gross margin. So if you roll that up for Dover and you look at our gross margin, we have frequently said that, in fact, I think this was in our guidance for 2011, our initial guidance, that we were targeting conversion. I believe the number was 30% conversion.
Robert Livingston: And Terry, we've got a large chunk of that set aside, or ear-tagged for Sound Solutions, which is $855 million. So you get beyond the $855 million that's ear tagged for Sound Solutions. You look at our cash balance. You look at our ability to generate some cash through the balance of the year. You look at -- I think we've still got some powder with respect to our credit facilities and our balance sheet. And if I had to throw out a number, which I think is what you're asking, if we had the opportunity for the right businesses between now and year-end, could we spend another $800 million? Easily.
Robert Livingston: I think I'm going to refer you back to the guidance that we've been giving you for the last couple of years, is that we have 5 market spaces that we are quite focused on, not only organic growth, but for M&A opportunities. And yes, it's energy. And yes, it's communication components. But it's also our Fluid Solutions platform, our Product ID business and our Refrigeration business. You can't look at any one year and say, "okay, one was absent so we're not putting in a more. It is a matter of opportunity and timing. But we are currently looking for opportunities in all 5 of those spaces.
Robert Livingston: Terry, I'm going to thank you. Maybe you were being kind there to try to offer me an out on the first quarter performance, and I'm not going to take it. I think I commented on this on the January call that I, not just myself, we're a bit disappointed with -- I would label it as being a few quarters late with some of our new product development launches, And I am pleased that we actually started shipping our new products around the middle of the first quarter, and we're quite pleased with the uptake in those products that we saw in late February and especially the order intake in the month of March. That said, our year-over-year revenue growth for Product ID was only 7%. I think it was 5% organic after stripping out FX. It is lower than it should be. And I think we have a challenge in front of us over the next 2 or 3 quarters to reverse a little bit of what we've been struggling with for the last 3 or 4 quarters. We're committed to do this. I think this is a great business that we have. I am very, very interested and committed to this business. And I think even part of the margin pressure we saw in the first quarter was a deliberate decision we made to significantly increase some of our business development and sales and marketing expenses in this business, especially in emerging economies. Now with respect to your M&A, my answer is yes. Yes, we think there are still some opportunities. I will call it tightly connected to our current marking and coding businesses, both direct coding as well as bar-coding. But I also believe there are some adjacent spaces that would fit well with what we do and what we'd like to do, and we're looking.
Robert Livingston: I don't know. I didn't look that up. We had a pretty healthy book-to-bill in the first quarter of last year. I'm not sure it was 1.15. I think it was 1.1, yes.
Robert Livingston: Nigel, I need 15 minutes to answer that question. Where do I want to start? The booking strength was obviously, I'm stating the obvious, was quite strong in the quarter. That said, I'm also going to tell you, it built during the quarter. The month of March was stronger than February. February was a little bit stronger than January. We saw it across-the-board. It wasn't one specific segment or area of the business. It was across the board. Now to give you a little bit of color. There could be, depending upon how we want to label a customer or the project, there could be a little bit of activity in the first quarter that we would label as accelerated. How much? Okay, maybe $75 million or $80 million. We did have a one-time military order in the first quarter. I think it was $20 million or $25 million range. It will not repeat again this year. And we had some energy-related bookings, both within Industrial Products as well as in our energy platform, that I would label as more of annual or project type of buys that don't fall into what I call a quarterly drumbeat. So you need to layer that in when you look at the $2.2 billion. That said, and I'm not trying to take anything at all away from the first quarter outstanding bookings. That said, what we saw in the first quarter continued strength in energy, continued strength in Electronics, continued strength in Engineered Products. And then we saw the kick in, in the first quarter that we started to see in the second half of last year of our mid-to-late cycle businesses. And Nigel, it's very, very evident when you look at Industrial Products. And I think that is the big difference in the first quarter. You just cannot ignore, you just can't ignore the impact on the mid-and-late cycle businesses, predominantly those businesses are within Industrial Products.
Robert Livingston: Okay. So Brad's the keeper of the numbers here. Let me see if I can respond without giving you an incorrect number. The Solar business in the first quarter was quite strong. But Shannon, we've also been seeing this over the past year. All right? But let me give you some color. When you look at our growth rate in electronic assembly and test, look at our growth rate in the first quarter, I think Brad said it was about 60% or 62%. Half of that growth is coming from Solar. When you look at the year-over-year growth rate just on Solar, it's a huge number. The first quarter '11 growth rate year-over-year is over 300%. Now it is down to the point where the Solar business, our Solar Equipment business at DEK actually will represent about 50% of DEK's business in 2011. It has been that successful of a product development and a product launch activity.
Robert Livingston: Don't label this as project business. In fact, I would -- just sitting here doing the mental map, let me give you another statistic on our Solar business. It now represents about 2% of Dover's revenue. But no, don't label this as project business.
Robert Livingston: Okay. So maybe I do this in the reverse order, Jeff. Number one, I don't want to give you the indication that our revenue in the first quarter or even in the second quarter is constrained at all by capacity. It wasn't, and it won't be. That's number one. Number two, we refer to a new factory in Malaysia. Just to be clear on this, it's actually not a new factory. We've been operating -- Knowles has been operating in Malaysia for several years. We do have a fairly large operation in Malaysia. We are taking part of the available space that was built a couple of years ago and outfitting it here in the second half of the year so that we now have our second location for MEMS microphone assembly and testing. So it's not a brand new factory. And we probably -- as we launched this project in the second half of last year, we did think that maybe in the second half of '11, we'd have a little bit of excess capacity in the second half of the year. I'd like to think the guys at Knowles are going to use everything that they have available. But whatever, I call it, duplicative costs or transition costs are expected on this project, they are in our guidance.
Robert Livingston: They had a very strong first quarter. Revenue in the first quarter was up 19% year-over-year. Earnings were up an equal growth rate, if not a bit more. I don't remember the exact number. I do remember they had -- their margin expansion was about 200 basis points in the first quarter versus a year ago. To give you a little bit more color, we still are forecasting, and this is in our guidance, we are still forecasting about a 5.5% to 6% growth for the year for Hill PHOENIX year-over-year. So when you take the year's forecast and look at our performance in the first quarter, Jeff, I will tell you that we're probably going to see a little bit different waterfall on the revenue split this year versus what we saw last year. We are seeing the first half probably being 10% to 12% revenue growth with the second half being essentially flat. It has a lot to do -- it has all to do with just project timing both this year and last year. Just in timing differences. But the business is performing quite well. Order rates were up, I don't know, 5% or 6% in the first quarter versus a year ago. We happened to like the profile of our order rates. We had some pretty strong business in the first quarter with our systems business, which is always a good indicator that the case business will follow in a few weeks. We're going to see the normal seasonal patterns. And the data that we've seen, the industry data we've seen for the first quarter, I think we took a little bit of market share on case business in the first quarter. I don't know, that's my color on Hill PHOENIX.
Robert Livingston: No. I didn't use the word blanket, and I'd be hesitant to use that word. I would call, especially some of the international orders we had in our energy business, as well as a couple domestic customers, I would label them as annual buys versus blanket orders. And I underscore the word annual buy. They just happen to all be released here in the first quarter as opposed to seeing a waterfall throughout the year. I mean, nothing special. Don't read anything special into it. We're just giving you some color into it.
Brad Cerepak: We're going to see some benefit from that. But that's still is a rather small part of our business, Steve.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So as you know, in the quarter, we saw some acceleration of materials, mainly in the area of steel. So as we entered the year, I think we said on the last call or we've been talking about having headwind of about 2 basis points, 20 basis points or so, about $0.05 of headwind on our EPS. Sitting here today, I think that doubled. So we see about $0.10-or-so, Steve. Now having said that, I'd say our teams have gotten very active and as we talked about at Dover Day on strategic pricing. So the way I see the year unfolding, if I take into account the price material spread, the negative impact there and our strategic pricing, I would expect, as we move through the year, that that would turn positive for us by the second half of the year.
Brad Cerepak: Well, the $0.04 that you're referring to in the quarter, I would say, that, that really is skewed more towards the higher steel content. Because again, we entered in steel double the headwind in essence. So when I talk about our headwind going up from $0.05 to $0.10, it's almost all steel-driven. So if you think about it, it's our higher steel content businesses in the industrial products space and in the energy space and NPSs Bob was talking about.
Brad Cerepak: And Engineered Products, especially with some steel content in stainless steel in Hill PHOENIX. You're asking a question about conversion. And conversion, it being DET, seasonally low first quarter. I think that you're specifically asking about DET. Their conversion was seasonally down. We don't see any real issue in terms of the rest of the year how that will unfold. In fact, very positive about DET's conversion for the rest of the year.
Brad Cerepak: I think the only thing unusual is, yes, we continue to work through the Sound Solutions transaction. We did have some deal costs in the quarter. That brought it down a bit. We're going to continue to see that as we continue to move towards closure there. But again, I guess, we do have some ramp-up in some of our investment in our solar business. But beyond that, nothing unusual.
Brad Cerepak: Okay. So let me clarify. In the first quarter, we had deal costs as we continue to work on closing Sound Solution, that under accounting principles, need to be expensed as incurred. But there are -- as is typical with any deal, there are deal costs yet to come upon closing, including contingency type stuff.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, high 20%'s, 30% was our plan. And I'd say, Scott, sitting here today, we're little bit off that number for the full year. The way to explain that best is, and you've articulated a couple of pieces to it, is price commodity does hurt us. In the first quarter, we had 18% conversion, which is lower than, obviously, our target for the year and what we were thinking about for the year. But two points of that is price commodity spread, which as I indicated earlier, will turn positive by the second half of the year. That's in our forecast. Two points is deal costs in the quarter, especially in DFM, which we pointed out. And then really mix within our businesses. If you think about the performance in the quarter and what's changed, our guidance is up five points on DIP, which is our lower margin business, lower margin businesses. And even within DIP, there was some mix within those businesses. So mix can play a big impact to the number, and we see that mix impact to be five to six points in the first quarter of conversion impact.
Brad Cerepak: Incremental. Well, I don't have the detail here. But I mean, don't lose sight of the fact that as we move forward with the integration of Harbison-Fischer and a couple of other small acquisitions that have been made here in the last three or four months, we do incur some, I call it some integration costs, not just some integration benefits. And it is not always -- we don't always enjoy great timing with respect to the cost and the benefits. So there will be some further one-off cost...
Brad Cerepak: Yes, but there's a difference. And those synergy costs are in our estimated and our guidance in our bridge of this $0.11 that we're now pointing out as acquisition accretion. This $5 million in the first quarter is cost to get the deal executed, like legal fees, so on and so forth, the one-offs, not integration. To the extent we have integration-related cost to get synergies, that's in our forecasted guidance.
