Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s first quarter earnings call. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s first quarter operating and financial performance and follow with an update of our 2014 outlook. We will then open up the call to questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings presentation Form 10-Q, investor supplement can all be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through May 1 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for 3 months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code 22393135. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Paul Goldberg: Yes, Shannon, just to be clear. In Printing & ID, the organic growth was 5% in the industrial platform the organic growth was 4%. There was a little bit of lack in there too but that was the pure organic growth numbers.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Jackie. Once again, we thank you for joining us on our conference call. And we look forward to speaking to you with our second quarter results. Have a good day and a good weekend. Bye.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Our first quarter results were highlighted by strong revenue growth, broad-based bookings growth and building momentum as we through the quarter. Most notable, fluids delivered 26% growth and Engineered Systems grew 7%. In all, we generated 7% revenue growth and grew EPS 9%. From a geographic perspective, our U.S. markets were strong. Our European markets continued to show improvement for the third consecutive quarter. Lastly, our China markets moderated sequentially. Now, let me share some specific comments on the quarter. In Energy, we continued to benefit from improving well activity and a modestly increased rig count, especially in the U.S. We should continue to see broad-based growth as the year unfolds driven by increased well completion. Our bearings and compression markets were very solid and should remain so for the balance of the year. Overall Energy’s results were in line with our expectations going into the quarter. Within our Engineered Systems segment, we saw strong growth across both platforms. In our Printing & Identification platform, solid growth in both our fast moving consumer goods and industrial markets, complimented by acquisitions resulted in strong performance. The industrial platform also saw a broad-based revenue growth led by outstanding results and our waste handling and vehicle service markets. Our fluids segment outperformed, where our recent acquisitions plus healthy market conditions were both pumps and fluid transfer resulted in very solid revenue growth. Our pumps businesses are benefiting from strong demand in the plastics and petrochemical verticals. And first quarter results were boosted by strong project shipments into these markets. Our refrigeration and food equipment segment results were solid, though slightly below last year and our expectations, is the timing of customer projects impacted the quarter. Our bookings were very strong, giving us confidence in this segment’s growth plan for the full year. Across the segment our customers continue to seek our productivity, energy efficiency and merchandizing solutions that enable them to better compete in their markets. In all, we were pleased with the start of the year. Business activity was strong and we executed well in our strategy. We continue to focus on growth through international expansion and acquisitions. The most notable initiatives were adding resources for artificial lift in Australia and the Middle East and the acquisition of companies in the digital print space. Regarding near-term business activity, we expect ongoing solid performance in Energy, driven by the continuing increase in well activity, continued growth in Engineered Systems driven by improved U.S. industrial trends and expanded global sales and service resources in Printing & Identification. Strong results in our fluid markets are the benefits of our recent acquisitions and generally helping global end markets. And greatly improve sequential results in our refrigeration and food equipment markets. Beyond these near-term trends, macro-trends such as improving U.S. industrial activity and the continuing recovery in Europe will also help drive growth given our geographic business mix. In addition to an improving macro-environment, we have ample opportunity to improve margin. We are working to drive synergies on our recent acquisitions and are increasing lean and productivity projects. As a result, we do expect stronger margin in the back half of the year as we continue to execute on these plans. Our pipeline remains active and we are working on several small to medium sized deals. In summary, I’m very pleased with our results. The combination of a strong first quarter, growing bookings and backlog and our positioning with customers, give me great confidence that we will have an outstanding year. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Brad. 2014 is off to an excellent start. We delivered solid revenue and earnings growth, and also saw strong quarter activity. Overall, I like our positioning and our serve to markets, and we continue to execute on our growth initiatives. Some of which are within our Energy segment, you’ll see the continuing push to grow outside the U.S. especially in artificial lift. We also have ample opportunity to grow our core business by expanding our presence in faster growing basins, and increasing our application coverage in bearings and compression. In Engineered Systems, we plan on expanding our verticals served in Printing & Identification beyond our core fast moving consumer goods and industrial markets. Our strategy in the industrial platform is all about delivering customer productivity solutions. The focus is on reducing labor, improving safety and ultimately allowing our customers to compete more effectively. Fluids, has a large opportunity to expand into international markets and is targeting significant growth in markets outside North America and Europe. In addition, fluids intends to push their station in a box, retail fueling solution, expand our hygienic pump presence and pursue cross-selling opportunities into the North American plastics and oil and gas markets. In refrigeration and food equipment, we are pursuing a growth strategy that targets our customers’ needs for productivity, energy efficiency and enhanced merchandizing systems to drive performance. As an example, we launched a reengineered refrigeration door package, which will provide an even faster payback to our customers on close the case projects. In addition, several of our businesses are releasing new products, especially in food equipment, which will enable us to expand on our already strong positions. In all, I am more confident than ever about our positioning and long-term prospects. In closing, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results. With that Paul, let’s take some questions.
Bob Livingston: Actually, the order activity in refrigeration and food equipment was quite healthy in the first quarter. And Julian, as we look at the second quarter, second quarter starts this, I call it the middle of the year, a seasonal ramp especially for Hill Phoenix. And I would tell you that we are very, very well loaded at Hill Phoenix for the second quarter. And I feel pretty confident on their plan, both on revenue and margins for the year. Your specific question about margins in the first quarter, if you were to back out and Brad commented on this in his script, if you were to back out of the first quarter of last year, I think it’s the $5 million of one-time net gains. The first quarter margins are pretty similar to last year. And we feel very good about our plan here in the segment for the year.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So, you’ve got two questions here, rig count and sucker rod activity. Sucker activity here in the U.S. recovered nicely. And I don’t know what the growth rate is year-over-year or sequentially that’s going to get into some detail here. But we were quite pleased with the artificial lift activity in the U.S. especially around sucker rods in the first quarter. Rig count, we came into the year looking at a rig count average for the U.S. of I think it was 1,760 some units, essentially flat with the average for 2013. It’s been up a bit and I call it the second half of the first quarter, and coming into April, up above our expectations for that period. We’ve actually raised our average now for the year to almost 1,800 units, about 2% increase. And we’re feeling pretty positive about the energy outlook for the balance of the year.
Bob Livingston: I think you just summarized it very well Joe. We had a great first quarter. The organic growth rate as you said was 14%, don’t expect that from us in the second, third and fourth quarters. I think that the balance of the year is going to be a little bit closer to our guidance for the year. I would tell you that their performance in their first quarter on revenue and supported by the booking activity in the first quarter would perhaps want to see us increase our forecast for the year. And I’m reluctant to do that at this point in time. I’d like to see how the order rates develop here through the first half or at least April and May here in the second quarter. But obviously with that first quarter performance, we feel quite bullish on fluids for the year.
Bob Livingston: No, that includes the acquisition that includes the acquisition activity from 2013. I actually hear right now Joe, I do not know what the organic book to bill was.
Bob Livingston: Yes, well, we agree with you the first quarter was little bit lower than I think we would have expected going into the year. But that doesn’t change our views about the cash generation of the portfolio in the company. We do see sometimes impacts as revenue ramps up, ramps down, you’ll see that through into the second quarter for normal seasonality. But we feel very confident with the 11% for the year. If you look at our profile, our profile is a company that generates most of the cash from the tail end of the year, that’s just way the second and third quarter is usually setup and the fourth quarter being lower than those. And a high collection type of period for us. In the long run we feel confident on that 11% number.
Bob Livingston: Maybe a bit better than the average. But let me share something else with you, Nigel. And I don’t have this on all of the businesses, but I tend to watch this one pretty closely here in the first quarter. Book to bill for Hill Phoenix, all in, all of it for Hill Phoenix was a very healthy 1.3 in the first quarter. And that, I share that data point with you and others because my comment and my script was at least, we feel very, very confident about our upcoming – we’re into it now. Our seasonal ramp here with Hill Phoenix in the second and third quarters. We see some nice things happening at this business.
Bob Livingston: Well, I would, if you wanted a read on the U.S. economy across the Dover business profile, I would probably point more to our industrial businesses rather than the retail grocery activity. Your comment, your question here about some of the project referrals, Nigel, these were fairly modest, I’m talking $7 million, $8 million or $9 million of business activity that we would have expected in the first quarter has been shifted to either second or third quarter, it’s actually a rather modest number.
Bob Livingston: Well, I think I’ve even commented on this in the January call Nigel, when we gave our initial guidance. We still have, we still have a target for the year of about 18% margins. The second half is going to be stronger than the first half, the first half is truly taking some of the, I call it the headwind from the early days and the integration cost of some of our recent acquisitions. But it’s also carrying some of the weight of a couple or three large I call them productivity projects that we’ve launched in the second half of last year. And are really in, I call it the execution mode here in the first half. And that’s around Energy being one and refrigeration and food equipment being the second one. But we remain quite confident with our second half outlook on an up-tick in margins.
Bob Livingston: Oh my goodness, you’re good again to the detail here. I’m going to have to defer to Brad. Brad shared with you in his comments that absent to the acquisition activity in fluids, operating margins were 20%. I wouldn’t label, I would not label 20% as non-sustainable or unsustainable with respect to the core business. Now, the acquisitions we’ve made out, what is it, four or five in this segment, just in the last nine or actually in the last six months. Each one of them is a little bit different. The profile of each is different and the timeline of moving those recent acquisitions to the point where they are either neutral or perhaps even accretive to second margins, it’s a little bit different. But we did increase obviously.
Bob Livingston: Okay. Organic for Printing & ID for quarter one was 4%. Actually I would share with you to me the real success story in Printing & ID in the first quarter was Mark Mommage (ph). And now that I share with you that organic growth at Mark Mommage (ph) in the first quarter was quite healthy, 6%.
Bob Livingston: And we were quite pleased to see where it came from. We had some nice road at Mark Mommage (ph) in the first quarter in the U.S. market and the China market as well as South America. We continue to see the strength in Europe that we have seen over the past couple of quarters at Mark Mommage (ph). But the results in the first quarter were really led by China and the U.S.
Bob Livingston: My comment wouldn’t even just be restricted to Hill Phoenix, Jeff. I would tell you that sort of across the board for Dover, I would label pricing as pretty gone neutral.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Okay, neutral overall.
Bob Livingston: Including with Hill Phoenix, but if I say if that would be a fairly standard comment that we would use with all four segments.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Okay, thank you, Bob.
Bob Livingston: I don’t remember this I don’t remember our organic growth rate in China. I know that our all-in growth rate in China was I think 6% for the quarter. Well, still pretty healthy, but for us it’s a bit of moderation. And I would tell you that when we define it as a bit of a moderation we’re going to describe some project shipments on food equipment, especially around some of our can making equipment that was absent in the first quarter. And we saw some nice activity in that business area in 2013. If you look at the other businesses that are quite active for us in China, be it Mark Mommage (ph), be it some of our fluid businesses, activity was pretty solid.
Bob Livingston: Okay. Well, don’t – I would caution you to not overreact to a negative revenue comp number for the first quarter for this segment, we’ve seen that before. And that’s – it’s not unusual. The – I look at energy and I see the rig count and drilling activity, especially in the U.S. being a little bit healthier and stronger than we had embedded in our forecast and our guidance in the beginning of the year. And that gives me a little bit of confidence that maybe there is a tailwind against behind our forecast for the year there than we had believed was there at the beginning of the year. And our refrigeration and food equipment segment, I’m going to tell you just, let’s see how the second quarter unfolds here. We are watching pretty closely our order rates. And I’ll repeat myself, I feel very bullish on their opportunities for 2014.
Bob Livingston: Brad could probably give you a more detailed response that I’m prepared to give you. But I think we’ve been sharing this message around margins with the Energy business for goodness, at least 18 months now that we’ve got plenty of opportunity and we pursue these opportunities to increase our operating margins within the segment at the individual businesses. We will see some noise from quarter to quarter or from period to period based upon product mix. But we continue to have opportunities to increase the margins. We are flowing a significant part of that margin improvement back into, I call it people investment and geographic growth initiatives within Energy. And John, you’ll see us continue to do that for the next couple of years.
Bob Livingston: Within unified brands, again this is it, the food equipment space, not in the refrigeration space, within unified brands, we’ve got two that I – two different product launches I can think of sitting here that roll out this year that are both for the fast food restaurant activity. And on I would tell you, one of them we’ve actually – we actually believe we’d want a $12 million order placement, it won’t flow through this year but will see the beginning of this order flow here in the second half. And it’s a pretty positive impact on unified brands.
Bob Livingston: Well, I wouldn’t label the benefit of the projects to be unusually large for us. The projects themselves were probably a little bit larger in scope than what we’ve seen over the last couple of years. But I think I’ve shared this at least on one or two other calls, here in recent quarters. And one of the big projects was a new facility construction in the Houston area for our energy segment that will be the primary location for one of the businesses in Energy. But it will also, it will also house the Houston operations of three or four other Dover businesses. And the project, by the time we finish it, we end up reducing roof count in the area I think by four or five roof counts. We’ve done a similar project with in refrigeration especially around Hill Phoenix. And again a large building project in the Atlantic area. It’s complete we’re starting to occupy the facility now. And when the project is complete it will be the primary location for the systems business of Hill Phoenix, the East Coast operations for Anthony and the assured Roman headquarters for one of the other businesses in that segment. Again the project scope on both of them is a little bit larger than we typically see within Dover, the benefits I don’t remember the exact benefits on both of them. But we’re looking at I think in the range of $2 million to $3 million, $4 million of annual benefits on each of the projects.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So, Brad commented on the large order we had for Australia that we booked in the first quarter of last year. And Brad, you’re going to have to help me. I think that order in the first quarter of last year was $60 million. But there was a second order last year for the Australian lift project that I think occurred like July, third quarter activity. I have to confess, I really don’t remember the size of that order but I think it was about $40 million. And if you look at the activity for 2014, specific to this – for this Australian project, the next large order award is anticipated to be made in the latter part of this year. We think it’s going to be in the fourth quarter. And we were – we think our performance is well and some of the people investments we’ve made here in the first quarter have continued to position us quite well to continue to serve that customer.
Bob Livingston: Correct. We are not assuming future buybacks. We do know how the weighted average will flow through the year. We’ll naturally take down the share count throughout the year, having completed the $1 billion buyback in the first quarter. That’s just simple averaging.Jamie Sullivan – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Bob Livingston: No, the comment that I had in my closing remarks about the focus on growing fluids significant growth outside of Europe and North America, that comment is based upon our existing product portfolios, within that segment today.Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Bob Livingston: And keep in mind that the five acquisitions we did in that space are all international deals that we did and we completed that.
Bob Livingston: Look, we’re looking to get the closing here by the end of this quarter or during the second quarter on the sale of our deck business in the U.K. Beyond that we have no processes on divestiture underway. But Deane, it’s – that’s an ongoing discussion with – here with the management team as well as with the board over the next couple or three years, I think it would be normal and expected to see us continue to narrow the scope of Dover. But don’t expect me, but we have nothing underway at this moment.
Bob Livingston: Yes, the wells per rig, is – well completion is actually the better statistic and metric especially around artificial lift Deane. For the drilling activity, rig count is still a good number to look at for drilling activity. But for artificial lift and production it is more around well completion. The well is completed per rig. We are going to see some variation on that depending upon the basins that you’re looking at here in North America. But it still to us is an indicator of the activity that’s going on in the North American Energy space.
Bob Livingston: I’d actually like to get through the bulk of the second quarter before we actually have a real serious discussion internally about it. I’d like to see what the order rates are for April and May. I will tell you that we look at a range of $460 million to $480 million. Folks, I’ll tell you what, we’re focused on, we’re focused on the top-end of that range, not the mid-part of that range. The bottom end of our range, yeah, we could, I’ll plead guilty to that that we could have – we could have had a very serious discussion about increasing the bottom end of the range. But again, I’m going to say, let us get through and see at least what order activity is for April and May, we’ll have another discussion on that at the end of the quarter or on the July 12.
Bob Livingston: I don’t have that data here in front of me. But my recall is that it was fairly consistent through the quarter for Energy.
Bob Livingston: It’s – look, it’s timing of orders. And what I call the oil field patch. But we also continue to deal with a headwind. You go back two years ago and my goodness, 30% or 40% of this business was supplying winches into the – for the military. And we continue to see that part of the business activity decline we’re going to see another significant decline end of this year. But it will decline to the point in 2014 where, if it declines any further in ‘15 is not a comment. I mean, that’s all I can tell you.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah, so maybe another way to answer because I don’t have that data with me is that, the acquisitions in the first quarter specific to the total company and in fluids was dilutive to our EPS. And as we’ve stepped through the year, it becomes accretive. And you saw on our bridge that we expect to have $0.05 to $0.07 of performance out of those acquisitions. The key point is that, the integration is going to take some time. And I would think in the fluids business, we won’t see the margins come up to more our level or our standard until ‘15.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. I would just add to that, just an observation that the orders are lumpy but the sales are very steady.
Brad Cerepak: Well, let’s just put it this way. I would define the top end of a medium sized deal could be $250 million or $300 million.Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks.
Brad Cerepak: Well, we’ve commented on this in the past. And I would say, we estimated overhead or to stranded cost to be in the range of somewhere between $20 million and $25 million. We have ongoing efforts to take out cost. But what we’ve said was that some of those costs relate to the very sizable resources we have internationally that we intend to retail even though the Knowles was broadly international, we will continue to keep those resources in places we want to grow into more into international and grow into the overhead. So the way we think about it is, our goal is to take out about $10 million of those stranded cost. And I think we’re well on our way of doing that.
