Richard Tobin: Thanks, Andrey. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us to this morning's conference call. Let's gets started on Slide 3. Q1 organic revenue was up 8.3% for the quarter, driven by very strong performance in our fluid segment, solid trading conditions in engineering systems, and modern improvement in Refrigeration & Food Equipment markets with food retail business, posting top line growth for the first time in six quarters. Adjusted segment earnings increased 24% to $251 million, 230 basis point improvement over the comparable period driven by cost cash and carry forward, good performance on price realization versus input costs headwinds and volume leverage across the portfolio. Adjusted Q1 earnings were up 29% to $182 million and adjusted EPS of $1.24 per share was up 38%. Discrete tasks items added $0.06 of favorable EPS impact. As announced, we completed the divestiture of Finder pump manufacturer, serving the upstream oil and gas industry. This asset is still reflected in our Q1 results and we recorded a loss on sale of $47 million, which reflects the write-off of intangible assets and the elimination of accumulative foreign exchange translation adjustment or CTA as required by accounting standards. Overall, we're pleased to get off to a good start in 2019. Demand remains robust across much of the portfolio. We are delivering on our cost programs, incremental margins on volumes for the most part solid, and we are pleased with the bookings increased in Refrigeration & Food Equipment segment. There remains much to do to deliver on our full year objectives, but it's encouraging to get out of the blocks with positive momentum. And I'll hand it over from Brad from here.
Richard Tobin: All right, thanks Brad. I'm on Slide 9. Engineered Systems had a solid broad base quarter with top line organic growth of 5.8%. Incremental margin conversion in the quarter was very strong driven by volume leverage, productivity improvements and cost actions. Our Printing & ID business delivered strong organic growth with double-digit growth in digital printing. Despite the weak GD prints in Europe, demand in the region is robust during the quarter for this platform. The industrial platform performed well with most businesses posting mid-to high-single-digit growth rates. Our ESG business continued to deliver strong growth on unit delivers. But more importantly, we're very pleased with the traction the business is getting in assistance and software products. TWG and MPG contributed mid single digit growth and margin expansion supported by constructed demands in the respective end markets. Trading conditions in our vehicle services industrial clamps businesses are more challenging largely as a result of input cost headwinds and exposure towards European markets. Going into Q2 bookings for Engineering Systems remain solid. The segment posted book-to-bill above one. In Fluids, the segment posted organic growth of 15% for the quarter with the majority of the portfolio posting double-digit growth rates. Incremental margin was 43%. As volume leverage, increased productivity and cost controls more than offset the impact of unfavorable product and geographic mix and inflation. Our pumps and process solutions business had an excellent quarter with organic growth rate of 10%. Volume conversion was significantly accretive to platform margins as a result of good price and productivity versus cost ratio and improved mix of products and services delivered. Fueling and transport posted exceptional top line growth of 20% as demand remained robust and production performance in our operations gained traction. Margin conversion on volume was improved quarter-to-quarter and we expect that trend to continue to the balance of the year as we track towards meeting our margin objectives that we had targeted in September. Moving onto Refrigeration & Food Equipment, organic revenue was up 1%, improved bookings in the fourth quarter translated into Q1 organic revenue growth of 1.9% in food retail, which was the first positive revenue rating in the last six quarters. Quotation and booking activity in food and retail remain constructive with the book-to-bill of 1.15, particularly in core refrigerated case product line and was in line with expectations in the first quarter. Unified Brands faced slower demand at the beginning of the year in the institutional market, but the environment has been progressively improving and the business has posted single digit growth in Q1. Margin performance for quarter was negatively impacted by volume at Belvac customer mix translation from SWEP and transitory product redesign cost in the food retail as we prepare for a large automation project. If current trends continue, we remain cautiously optimistic for improved revenue performance in 2019 for the segment in line with the expectations we've included in our annual guidance. On Slide 12 reconciles the key components of the comparable 38% increase in adjusted EPS. As we have forecasted, key contributors are delivering on a cost program and margin conversion on growth and to a lesser extent, it's rebasing our share count and tax benefits. As we noted, we've indicated the discrete tax impact on the EPS and consider our -- that'll put us at the low end of our ETR, our expected tax rate for the full year. Reflecting solid demand conditions that we see in the markets, we have increased our organic growth guidance by 1% in Fluids and Engineering Systems, and reiterate our prior guidance for Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Despite the negative 300 basis points foreign exchange translation headwinds to revenue in the first quarter, our full year estimate is 100 to 200 basis points. Dover has delivered on the solid start for the year which allows us to reiterate our full year guidance of $5.65 to $5.85 per share. To wrap up, Dover is maintaining solid momentum as it represented by our Q1 organic growth rate, solid bookings and backlogs across most of our portfolio, and margin expansion driven by volume, productivity and cost initiatives. We continue delivering on our commitments for improved performance, reinvestment in our growth platforms and disciplined portfolio management and capital deployment. With that, let's moving on to Q&A.
Richard Tobin: Alright, couple of things. We're clearly tracking towards the top end of the range at this point. I think that we're pleased with Q1's results. And it's always off to get -- it's always good to get off to a good start because we don't want to be in a position of chasing a comparative fourth quarter that we had last year. So to the extent that we're getting in front and we're in front last year because of the fact of production performance and DFS by our ability to a couple of things. If you look at the backlogs, there's some concern about the backlog is going down. But I would tell you that in ESG that particular business grew by 11% in the first quarter. So the conversion and the availability of our chassis was there, so we're able to convert on the revenue side and then you've got the backlog is going down in engineering systems, but we don't find that problematic because order covers in that particular segment goes well into the third quarter. In DFS, as you know, we've been struggling in terms of output. We had a high backlog exit of Q4. Production performance in DFS was excellent. So, it's another business that grew in the high, grew 17% in the first quarter. So, backlogs are going to come down because of production performance. I think the good news on the ESG conversion was the margin conversion rate was satisfactory. I think that we have work to do because we would have expected for the more, the accretive margins and DFS to be higher. I think we've got a plan to track that through the balance of the year. So overall, it's not a question of us being overly concerned about the metrics of backlogs. It's just purely a question of. We've got range -- we've got a range up to 585 a share. We're tracking towards that. We'd like to get another quarter under our belts so we get some visibility into Q4. And I'm sure we'll give an update at that point.
Richard Tobin: We don't necessarily make decisions on share place as it relates to cash deployment. I think that we've clearly got a bias for inorganic growth and we've got some things in the pipeline. So to the extent that we can use our available cash, there we will. If we are unable to find inorganic opportunities then clearly we would average in terms of share buyback. So, overall, I think our thinking is consistent on that matter.
Richard Tobin: Sure. Well, I think you put your finger on it to a certain extent. We have a tough comp coming in Q4 and we have a lot of visibility into Q4. So depending on how this business develops and how EMV develops over the year, there is an opportunity for us to raise our revenue in that particular segment but we like to see some visibility there and be cautious only because the math works against us in Q4. Comments on EMV, the only thing that's been different for us so far is, we're shipping more full dispensary units than kits. So, we're getting more revenue, but that's actually dilutive to margins. So, we'll take it as it comes. I don't think the total value is about where we'd expected it to be, but I think that the mix that value is slightly different.
Richard Tobin: Yes, look, I mean, that's why I put it in the prepared remarks because that's the way that we look it here too. We're getting weak GDP prints out of Europe and we're taking that into account of our own forecast. But I think we'll just need to recognize that Europe is levered towards auto and machinery, and those markets are under pressure. And that necessarily is linked in any way to marking and coding. So, to a certain extent, marking and coding is not part of the process that's giving kind of pressure to European GDP prints. Look, we'll take it where we, as long as we can get it. It ends up being a business like digital printing. All of its revenue is European, but despite the fact that shifts globally. So, it ends up being recognized as European revenue. So, it's a bit of a misnomer to a certain extent.
Richard Tobin: Look, the environment is clearly slowed. We are up when it was a 1% for the quarter. Right now, I would expect it to be up for the year in consolidation whether it's slightly down in certain segments and slightly up in other. It's hard to say right now because we're working at 100 basis points. But overall, we would expect it to be up for the year. I don't really have a view on Printing & ID at this point.
Richard Tobin: Yes, we're not going to become operational until Q1 of '20. What we're doing now is intervening on the configuration of the product itself to accommodate that change. So, which is part of the question on we've incurred some costs to allow for that transition. In terms of, if the volume goes up, are we going to get caught with our pants down to a certain extent? I think that we're lucky that we have adequate footprints to initiate this project, not at the same -- in the same physical location that we make the product at this time. So, we're reasonably comfortable that we're going to be able to accommodate any shift in demand during '19, if it comes, that we're not going to get caught sideways here.
Richard Tobin: Well, I think that the management deserves a lot of credit in terms of being able to get the throughput out. So part of the reason that the revenue was higher than we had forecasted into one is that we were being cautious in our ability to get the throughput out of those two main principle factories and they got them out. So, that's the good news. The not so good news is. The margin conversion on that volume is not entirely satisfactory. I think that we've got a plan to increase margins throughout the rest of the year. But look, we're able to get the units out and that's important. Now, we need to kind of grind down on efficiency on top of that volume leverage.
Richard Tobin: One would hope that we don't wait till Q4 to get it all like last year and we're kind of progressively -- look, if I look at Q1, the inventory change relative to last year is lot smaller. So, which is a reflection of our ability to convert and I just answer the question about what we are doing in DFS and ESG. So, that's a function of not having industrial inventory because our conversion rates are going up. That I would expect, should improve through the year. On the receivables balance side, I guess it's a question of what do we think about revenues for the year and what do we think about fourth quarter? Right now, I like where we are right now with the strong Q1. I would have -- the fear around here was to kind of get through it and have to have and be forced into a position to get to the top end of our guidance of having another massive Q4. Now, we've brought some room there, so we've got an opportunity to look at how demand and backlogs developed over the year. Quite frankly if we get caught out a little bit on receivables because our volumes way up, I'll take the tradeoff between earnings and receivables. But I think that the core improvement that we can expect here is on the inventory side.
Richard Tobin: Yes, it's really hard to say. I think there is probably a little bit of an element of that because we've been trying to get price. So, as we're announcing price increases that drives let's get in front of that to a certain extent. In DFS in particular, I think it's no -- we've been pretty forthright that we were having issues about getting the throughput out of our factories, so that was building up a backlog for us. And that's a lot of what cleared in Q1. So that kind of normalizes backlog, if you will. It's hard to say, I mean I think by the end of this next quarter, we're probably have a really clear idea of where we are. But right now, we're never comfortable, but we feel good about the backlogs that we have across the portfolio.
Richard Tobin: As you listened to the comment before about dispensers versus kits, it looks like it's decelerating, because the last guys in are going to be kit-only and kind of our kit-only shipments right now are relatively low. So, it seems to be stretching out further.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I think, but you've got -- it's a mix in revenue question. Right now, revenue looks great because we're doing the entire systems right.
Richard Tobin: The margins around the kits and I think it's pretty intuitive, it says the last guys in aren't going to do a complete referb, they're just going to do the kits. So, I think that in our estimates and it's a funny one right, because the revenues less and the margins up. So, it's accretive to margins but dilutive to trajectory and revenue.
Richard Tobin: We are -- look, what we've announced, let's consider that Phase 1. Phase 2, we need to deploy some capital, which we're doing now in order to move onto that particular portion of it. So, we're in a little bit of a transition period. And I think if you go back and look at our disclosures from Q4 about how we called out the capital investments that we're making those words to accommodate for their actions into the future. Other than that, that's really all I can say until we're ready to call one of them off, but we're making reasonably good progress. But some of the bigger moves that we need to make require initial capital.
Richard Tobin: I know I've got your question. You don't see anything in Q1. That's why, that's not there. This is zero in Q1. It's come for the footprint.
Richard Tobin: SG&A, about beating a dead horse, we're clearly on track in delivering the objective because of the fact that we started in the second half of the year. You're going to get real good comps in Q1, Q2, then it will dilute in the second half of the year.
Richard Tobin: I love it. We have Brad to correct me, but I think that in consolidation, we're slightly negative in price cost in Q1. We would expect to make progress on that through the year as price increases gain traction as we go throughout. In engineering systems specifically, we have done well on price cost. But in consolidation, it's slightly negative.
Richard Tobin: I think it's by platform. So, we're parsing now between individual platform was in the segments. I think the headwinds are in the industrial side, pieces of the industrial side of engineering systems, headwinds in refrigeration and food retail, doing this off the top of my head; and in fluids, I think that were positive overall.
Richard Tobin: No, it's not that small of a business. Look, we don't have any visibility into Q4 at this point. So, despite grinding down some of the backlog that we had because of chassis availability and good production performance, the number like you know -- that's why it was called out in the presentation, it flexes the whole segment because of the total value of that business and its weight within the sector. We've got a really good backlog. I think that in any other year we'd to be super happy about what we've got. Let's get another quarter under our belt and we can probably say where we are for the full year, but we're into Q3 now which is pretty good.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I think that estimate, you know, I think that we knew from a comp point of view, it's going to be weighted towards the first half because we had 30 plus in the second half of last year. Getting it down to the millions of dollars, I mean we'll take it as it comes to a certain extent, right.
Richard Tobin: It's a really long answer. We are looking at future projections and return on invested capital by operating company, right, and then where they're performance relative to their peers and then relative to the market structure. Clearly, Finder comes out like a bit of a sore thumb, so it needed to be action quickly. I don't think that there's anything in the remaining portion of our portfolio that's got remotely the same dynamics that that does. So, I mean, we're looking at it holistically meaning that, it's not a question of portfolio purity, it's purely a question of future returns by operating company relative to their participation in the market structure. That's how I got it.
Richard Tobin: Look, nothing of the quantum that that we've done, right. But understand in the background, there's a lot of what we're doing about these digital initiatives that enhance our ability to consolidate back offices. So but those are longer running programs that were running in the background as opposed to kind of just core let's kind of revisit what we've got. So I think that there is opportunity, but I don't expect that there's a Phase 2 SG&A takeout kind of low hanging Fluids. I think we're just going to have to, it's more SG&A goes into the total productivity equation now as opposed to and standalone. And to be fair, SG&A at Dover as got R&D and I think once we split R&D out of SG&A, we're going to comp better also.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I mean, I think that the two businesses we've identified, both have a good dynamic in terms of their top line, which is helpful to us improving the margins of those two segments. So, I think progressively through the year, we expect to make progress in both of those particular segments.
Richard Tobin: I'm satisfied with the organization's ability to undertake, which was a difficult exercise and the speed of which is done. It's never going to end, but this was a particular program that we thought was important to identify and execute on. Once we reach that program limit relative to the restructuring charges that we took, it can foresee that these EPS bridges won't have that SG&A, any other ancillary benefit will rollover into conversion at the end of the day. So at a certain point, we're just going to stop reporting on it once we've reached conclusion, because then it becomes relatively discrete and it's not part of a program, right. What we said back in September is, if we take a charge for it, we're going to report back on delivery for that charge. Once, we've beyond that phase, it's just going to go back into conversion.
Richard Tobin: I don't know is the answer to that. I think that we can see in the backlog, we can see that from a production point of view, we're doing a decent job in terms of getting into that backlog. Now, we're really not seeing it yet in terms of the margin conversion, but I think that we have some transitory costs. I'd prefer to wait till the end of Q2 to kind of get more granular, but we're -- it's a positive thing. For the first time in six quarters, the backlog is up and our revenue went up. I think that we've still got a lot of work to see what that means in terms of kind of pre-industrialization margin performance.
Richard Tobin: I think that we're cautious about price realization in this business and our expectation is from margins to increase in the Refrigeration segments of the business. In the segment, I think that we're going to have to wait and see because of Belvac's ability to swing margins.
Richard Tobin: Right, I think that we've been pretty upfront that. Our -- the margin performance between our North American and European operations is quite wide. So part of the area of focus for us, meeting our objectives in that particular segment is to deal with a relative underperformance and in margins in Europe.
Richard Tobin: I think, to their credit that the European operations have fixed their throughput challenges. So, that's a big step and getting there, but we got a long way to go.
Richard Tobin: No, I can, but I won't quantify them. Our expectation is that their impact going forward will be less than it had been in Q1.
Richard Tobin: It is across the platform. So, it's not any particular business out of the few that are in there. I think that it's just across the entire platform. I think that market demand remains robust and I think that that our businesses are winning in the marketplace also.
Richard Tobin: I think we would have expected it to come down, but it's been offset by fuel surcharges. Now, the fuel is gone back up to four bucks a gallon of diesel, so net neutral.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Rich. Good morning everyone. Let's go through the details starting on Slide 4. Revenue grew 5% to $1.7 billion and as mentioned, it was driven by strong demand in Engineered Systems and Fluids and improvement in Refrigeration. GAAP EPS increased 3% to $0.72. Moving to non-GAAP results. As mentioned, adjusted EPS, adjusted EBIT and margin all increased substantially, reflecting solid margin conversion on growth and cost actions. Adjusted segment EBITDA was $317 million or 18.4%. Key adjustments for non-GAAP results this quarter were acquisition-related amortization, loss on assets held for sale related to Finder and restructuring and other expenses. The EPS increase was supported by $0.06 or $8.4 million of discrete tax benefits versus $0.03 in the first quarter of the prior year. Turning to Slide 5. Let's get into a little more detail on our revenue and bookings results in the quarter. As mentioned in our summary, organic growth was strong at 8.3% with all three segments seen positive organic top line momentum. The impact from FX was a 3.4% headwind. From a segment perspective, Engineered Systems grew $39 million or approximately 6% organically and Fluids grew $95 million or 15% organically on broad-based activity across both segments. Refrigeration & Food Equipments revenue increased $2 million which represents 0.7% organic growth. Organic bookings were essentially flat year-over-year. All-in bookings declined $42 million or 2% versus the first quarter of the prior year primarily due to FX headwinds. Backlog increased 5% compared to the end of Q4, most notably in Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Organic bookings for Engineered Systems declined $33 million or approximately 4% driven by expected reduction in new order inflow in our industrial businesses, particularly, environmental solutions group, which had a large backlog increase last quarter. Organic bookings in Fluids increased $29 million or 4% with strong order activity in pumps and process solutions, while retail fueling and transport continue to work through the backlog from last year. Bookings in Refrigeration & Food Equipment grew $6 million organically. Rich will provide additional color on performance in some of the individual businesses later. Finally, overall book-to-bill finished at 1.03, reflecting healthy orders across our segments. From a geographic perspective, the U.S. our largest market grew 7% organically where we saw a strong growth in Engineered Systems and Fluids. Europe was up 14% organically with strong performance across all segments and Asia was up 5%. Within Asia, China grew 1% organically driven by growth in our Fluid segment offset by a slight decline in Engineered System. The rest of Asia, which represents a revenue base about the size of China for us, grew at 9% primarily driven by Fluids. Let's go to the earnings bridge on Slide 6. Starting on the top. Engineered Systems adjusted segment EBITDA improved 19 million, largely driven by strong conversion on broad based revenue growth across the segment, more than offsetting headwinds from FX. Fluids EBITDA growth of 32 million reflects a combination of robust growth continued margin improvement in retail fueling as well as strong conversion on volume and other businesses. The 3 million decline at Refrigeration & Food Equipment reflects lower volume in Belvac as well as unfavorable shift in business mix. Additionally, our broad base rightsizing initiatives have been delivering savings as expected and improved margins across all segments. Going to the bottom chart, adjusted earnings from continuing operations improved 41 million or 29%, primarily driven by higher segment earnings offset by higher taxes. Interest expense was lower in the quarter. Now going to Slide 7. Free cash flow for the quarter was a reasonably expected negative 13 million, which is an improvement over last year. The first quarter is traditionally our lowest cash flow quarter. In the quarter, strong top line growth was supported by working capital investment of 138 million, with over two-thirds of the year-over-year change, driven by increased accounts receivable. Capital expenditures was 37 million. With that, I'll hand it back to Rich.
Brad Cerepak: But there is -- let me just articulate here that, there is a slight difference in presentation just so you aware. The $0.15 is pure SG&A, not reinvestment, whereas before we were netting reinvestment in there, so I'll just clarify. So, the 50 -- we have reinvestment in the first quarter. I'd call it roughly $0.02, $0.03 of reinvestment. Reinvestment will ramp as we said before in this year. So, we're not changing our views on reinvestment. But you're looking at $0.15 in the quarter, which is we take it $28 million. So, you've got to think about that as pre-reinvestment. That will track to the back half pretty solidly except then you get the year-over-year the impact. Remember, we did $8 million in the third quarter, $22 million in the fourth quarter. So, again, I think, we're right on track where we expect it to be, maybe even a little bit higher based on the first quarter $0.15 print.
Brad Cerepak: When I think we can give you that is a follow-up, we haven't to calculate it. We can give you that one offline.
Brad Cerepak: I think that we will work our way there. We are slightly negative now. It is highly dependent on price realization. Our expectation is to be positive. I can't give you the quantum at the end of Q1.
Brad Cerepak: No, not negative. I think which is reflective in the backlog. I just think that we're cautious on, they've got a 1% growth embedded in our forecasts would be like to take that off based on backlog. Yes, but I think there were cautious because we don't have a lot of visibility into the second half.
