Robert Livingston: Thanks Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. We finish the year with a very strong fourth quarter, achieving solid revenue growth and earnings growth that exceeded expectations. We saw robust topline growth at each segment, led by Energy and Fluids, results again overall growth of 11%, including organic growth of 6%. We also achieved solid volume leverage as three of our four segments improved margin excluding restructuring cost. From a geographic perspective, we saw solid growth in the U.S., Europe and Asia, whereas Latin America continued to be weak. Now let me share some specific comments on the quarter. In Energy, revenue growth was strong as U.S. drilling and production customer activity was as expected. Our recent acquisition accelerated, exceeded our expectations, and the automation and bearings and compression markets were solid. In Engineered Systems, we achieved solid growth across both platforms. Within Printing & Identification, our recent MS acquisition continued to perform well and more than offset European softness in our core printing and coating markets. The Industrial platform achieved strong broad-based growth led by outstanding results in our auto related and waste handling businesses. Our Fluid segment once again performed well. We are continuing robust market conditions for Fluid Transfer products and improved pump markets resulted in organic growth of 9%. Refrigeration and Food Equipment generated very strong revenue growth of 8%, were strong refrigeration performance was supported by shipments of quarter three push-outs. Since the end of the third quarter, we have taken actions to strengthen and position our company for 2015 with a focus on our portfolio and cost reduction. We made a decision to divest Datamax O'Neil and Sargent, which now have been reported as discontinued operations. While both are strong companies, these actions increased our focus on our core growth markets. Also as indicated at our Investor Day in early December, we took decisive actions to adjust our cost and streamline our businesses. We executed well on our restructuring initiatives and completed our planned actions in the fourth quarter. Specific to energy, though U.S. drilling and production revenue and customer activity has been as strong as expected, we have been proactively reducing cost in anticipation of lower customer activity in 2015. Our acquisition pipeline continues to rebuild though no significant deals are eminent. We repurchased 2.7 million shares in the fourth quarter and recently put a new standing authorization in place. Now let me provide our revenue outlook for 2015, which is unchanged from our Investor Day for Engineered Systems, Fluids and Refrigeration and Food Equipment, their markets have remained healthy and we expect them to have solid growth in 2015. As you would expect, the big change to our forecast is in Energy, where the rapid decline in oil prices is significantly impacting energy CapEx spending and U.S. rig counts. As a result, within Energy, we expect lower revenue in our U.S. based drilling and production businesses; however, we continue to expect our international oil and gas activity and our bearings and compression businesses to grow. In Engineered Systems, we anticipate continued growth driven by strong dynamics in our industrial platform and global growth in printing and identification. Regarding Fluids, we believe the solid global markets will continue for our pumps and fluid transfer businesses, supported by increased safety and environmental regulations, a positive retail fueling environment and new product introductions. And lastly, Refrigeration and Food Equipment is expected to grow, driven by our focus on customer service and best-in-class products. We expect to grow our position with many customers in 2015, driven by innovative products like CO2 systems and heat exchangers to name just a few. With that let me turn it over to Brad.
Robert Livingston: Thanks Brad. Overall, I am pleased with our fourth quarter and full year performance. We grew revenue 8% and delivered 10% EPS growth. We focused on lean and productivity initiatives across the organization and in the fourth quarter, restructured many of our businesses to be better positioned for continued growth and margin expansion. In 2015, we will continue to execute a strategy that has served us well. This includes investing in geographic expansion, product innovation and providing solutions that increase our customer’s cash flow and reduce their cost through productivity. Across all four segments our business leaders are focused on executing these initiatives and I’m confident we’ll deliver a solid 2015. We remain focused on growth. With that, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focused on serving our customers and driving results. Now Paul, let’s take some questions.
Robert Livingston: No, close-the-case is continuing to perform quite well. You’re referring to the bookings number in the fourth quarter.
Robert Livingston: Yeah. First of, I would tell you that I think Brad commented on this in his prepared remarks, part of that loop is the timing of orders in our Food Equipment platform. We’ve got one business and the food equipment group that does have very choppy order rates. It’s very much of a project business that’s Belvac. And I think that almost half of that 20% or 18% year-over-year decline is just associated to the timing of orders at Belvac. And there is nothing wrong with the Belvac business. It will continue to perform quite well with just timing of orders. With respect to Hill Phoenix; Scott, I would tell you that we had another record year in revenue at Hill Phoenix. I think they had a 2% or 3% organic growth in 2014. We had a year where book-to-bill again was 1.0% for Hill Phoenix like it was in 2013, but you see between the two years, a very, very different waterfall of quarterly order rates at Hill Phoenix. And part of what you see in the fourth quarter is an anticipated product mix change. I call it a slight product mix change as we go into 2015. And we will expect in 2015 a little bit higher waiting in our business mix towards doors, doors with - our cases with doors and a little bit of a reduced waiting on systems. And part of that is showing up in the fourth quarter order rates. System orders tend to show up anywhere from one to three months before orders per cases do and where the fourth quarter order rates reflect that and it was anticipated.
Robert Livingston: And I think we’ll end up picking up about $45 million to $50 million of that in 2015 or might a bit high on that.
Robert Livingston: And Deane all I can tell you is that we have - we continue to model and look at different scenarios as we have opportunities or as we think the market activity would dictate. We’re going to take cost out, especially related to U.S. production and drilling activity. But I would also point out, these guys have - are also dealing with an initiative from need [ph] on growth. We are continuing to expand our activity outside of the U.S. We’re continuing to spend a fair amount of money on product development and product innovation. And you’ll see us continue to work the growth initiatives within automation and within Bearings & Compression. And I think those initiatives may even provide a little bit of upside to this segment in 2015.
Robert Livingston: Well it’s probably the one that’s most fun to talk about, perhaps the easiest to talk about Deane, is the activity that we have been pushing, pursuing and growing over the last three years around our geographic expansion, especially around our artificial lift activity. We’ve been fairly successful with that over the last three years or four years, we continue to see an increasing number of tenders that we can participate in with each quarter as we go through this activity outside of the U.S. Upside activity or upside opportunities in 2015, you know will tell you that we have nothing in our revenue plan for 2015 on non-U.S. tender activity other than what’s in our backlog. And we do know that we’ve got opportunities in front of us on tender orders that will be awarded here in the first quarter and the second quarter and in the Middle East, notably Oman. And some activity and I call it broader Asia and there we’re looking at some interesting activity in India. But those tenders if we are successful and whatever impact they have on 2015 will be an upside for the segment.
Robert Livingston: Look forward, fine. Well first of, I would tell you that, if we use 2015 as a - or 2014 as a reference point, our revenue activity with target my goodness in the second half of the year, Charlie, was probably less than $10 million. So even with the continued activity that’s going on at Target to - for them to sort of reposition their business that’s - even if it went to zero that’s not going to have much of an impact on our business and in 2015. Year-over-year and 2014 Wal-Mart and Target together, we probably saw a decline of approaching $30 million year-over-year 2014 over 2013. We do include in our forecast for 2015 another year-over-year decline on the combination of Wal-Mart and Target. I actually don’t remember the exact number, but I think it maybe even a little bit higher than the $30 million we had in 2014, but it’s not three times that size, but I think we do expect a decline. Where we are seeing the growth in this business is all of the other customers outside of these two. I think we ended up with 5% or 6% or 7% growth and all of the other customers within this refrigeration business in 2014 and we’re expecting something like that number again in 2015.
Robert Livingston: Okay, I'm not sure I can do the quick math on the percent. I think maybe when we provided our initial outlook at Dover Day in early December; Brad, you’re going to have to help me here, but I think the revenue outlook for Accelerated may have been in the 240 to 250 range in my close.
Robert Livingston: Organically and the fourth quarter - I don’t have the detail, I can’t even remember what the difference was in order rates between October and December. So I’m seeing here a little bit on comfortable trying to take a guess a direction. But there weren’t any surprises Joe and the order rates in the fourth quarter. As we move from the fourth quarter, as we move from December into January, one of the things that sort of seems to incur every single year though it’s always difficult to predict when we’ll deal with it, is a little bit of restocking with some customers especially around our drilling customers, drill bit customers and sometimes with our sucker rod customers. It is not unusual for us to see that little bit of, I call it, two to three week of inventory management period occur in the fourth quarter. It didn’t occur this year. What we did see was it occurring in the first two weeks of January. There was some choppiness in the order rates, both with our drill-bit customers in the first couple of weeks of January as well as with our sucker rod customers. We get beyond those first two weeks, what we call the restocking management activity and order rates have returned to the levels that we have expected here for the first quarter.
Robert Livingston: That’s a fair comment that I would like to strongly support. It’s the guide down from Dover Day on our Energy business is what we anticipate to see here in the second, third and fourth quarters that guide down is not reflective of the activity we’re seeing here in the early part of the first quarter.
Robert Livingston: Okay, so, I actually think that business teams and business leaders have been quite responsive. I would even say contrary or even though I may say here Monday morning quarter back as in earlier call or used the phrase, the guys have actually been quite proactive in taking cost out ahead of cost from a reduction in their activity. Is there more we can do if customer activity slips even deeper or even further from what we’ve planned? The answer is yes. And even we’ve got a fairly aggressive cost plan take out for their first quarter, if by the time we get into the March and April timeframe, if we believe then that the customer activity either being driven by even lower rig count deployment in 2015 beyond the 25% to 30% decline or for whatever reason we are fully prepared to take additional cost out and the trigger points have been identified.
Robert Livingston: Okay, so I would tell you that you’ll see a little bit of a steeper decline in revenue at our drilling business. And that shouldn’t be a surprise to anyone it was not a surprise us, we sort of solved that in the last downturn in 0.08 and 0.09. And they solved the sharpest decline, but also the quickest recovery, once we hit the turf. To a lesser degree, we say it in U.S., we used a phrase production, but I’m going to be more specific here in U.S. artificial lift applications, it will start later with artificial lift, then we’ll see with drilling activity. And it will not be uniform across our artificial lift product portfolio. I think you will see - I think we anticipate more of a decline in our rod business than we do our pump business. Simple, because a much, much higher percentage of our pump activity is after market and repair and service as apposed to new well completion. But I this session will give you actual percentages Shannon, I’d be guessing and then Paul would spend the rest of the day correcting my guesses.
Robert Livingston: Well, I would say we start with the same playbook. The business is little bit larger today, than it was in 2008 and 2009. And we’re a bit more geographic, we’re bit more geographic, than we were in 2008 and 2009. That said, I would say that the playbook in our drilling business is essentially the same today, as it was in 2009. Where you’ll see some differences will be in our artificial lift business and product portfolio, simply because, in 2008 the bulk of it was sucker rods and today it is probably 60% pumps and service activity and 40% sucker rods and I’m probably still being heavy on the rod business. But the playbook is very much the same, the guys know how to execute this, we know how to take care of our customer as we go through this downturn, we know how to time to take out a variable cost and we know how to time to take out of overhead and when it’s appropriate and we are trying to hold margins, that is one of the objectives. But don’t get hung up on that, thinking that that’s our primary objective, the primary objective it’s actually to take care of the customers. And to continue with our product development and innovation activity, the result of all of this is we do believe we’ll end up with margins within the Energy segment of about 20%.
Robert Livingston: Okay, there is part of the automation product portfolio that actually deals with drilling and with some down-hole monitoring. We do anticipate a decline in that part of the automation portfolio, when you move beyond that specific product area in our automation portfolio, we actually don’t anticipate much of a decline in automation. In fact there is a lot of work going on internally right now within this segment and within that business to figure out how we actually grow automation beyond what we have in our guidance in 2015. And we think we’ve get some opportunities to do so, but to be quite transparent, there is part of that automation portfolio, I’m repeating myself, that is, that does have some down-hole applications. And our Bearings & Compression activity that we’ve got fairly aggressive growth plans as well as cost containment activity within both of those business as we grow it in 2015. And we don’t see those businesses being directly impacted by the drop in rig count in 2015. Price, we do have some modest price declines in our plan for 2015. When I say modest - but some of these discussions are still underway, so I would give the nod to the customer let us finish these discussions before I get too specific and responding to an open question like that. But I would tell you for planning purposes, we have low to mid single-digit price declines planned for some of the products and for some of the products nothing, no price declines. And I would say that the activity we’ve encountered here over the last few weeks with our customers gives us some confident that we’ve pegged that number correctly.
Robert Livingston: No, in fact I think I commented, made that comment as I had my prepared remarks within Fluids, within Engineered Systems and within Refrigeration. We’ve made no changes and need to make no changes to our growth plans for 2015 beyond what we shared with you at Dover Day. Fluids it’s an amazing year they had in 2015 with 8% organic growth for the entire segment. And it wasn’t an unbalanced year for that segment, both fluid transfer, as well as our pump businesses did quite well in 2014. And we’re expecting both of them to continue with growth initiatives and growth results in 2015.
Robert Livingston: Well I know it. It’s interesting that you asked the question that way because and how honest that we talk about that quite a bit when we go through our planning scenarios. I would just remind you that someone, one of their earlier questions was, are we using the same playbook from the 2008, 2009 time frame and in many instances we are, that’s where we are sort of where we start. And we had a pretty quick bounce in 2009 both on the oil price after it hit its bottom and then a pretty rapid increase in rig count deployment as we went through 2009 and 2010. And I would tell you that we were able to bring employees back, quick enough we were able to bring on new employees, quick enough and to get them trained that our customer service activity, which is always the thing we want to pay attention to, our customer service activity levels were quite high and we did not disappoint customers. And that the other day that’s sort of what guides our decision.
Robert Livingston: Okay, so we - let me deal first with the M&A question and then you tied into share repurchases. M&A in Energy, gosh! I would tell you that I’m not speaking for anyone other than Brad and I. M&A activity in the Energy sector in the next three or four months, I’m going to use your phrase, could be a bit uncomfortable. Simply because of the uncertainty as the timing, the uncertainty as the debt and then even after the price of oil does recover and start to find a new normal that’s higher than where it is today, is what’s going to happen with investment activity in the U.S. shale fields and I think that’s to me, that’s the more larger question. But I think as we get through perhaps not the first quarter, the first quarter is probably not going to give us enough information. I think as we get through the second quarter or into and through the second quarter, I guess that not only us, but others in this sector may have a comfort level that’s being developed, that would allow us to make a decision or two on M&A. And if the opportunity is right for us, I’m going to tell you, we’re going to look at it. But the comfort level is pretty high for the next three months to four months. On share repurchase activity, don’t think that our share repurchase activity in 2015 is a diminishment of our ability to execute on M&A. And Brad can give you a lot more detail on this than I will or I could. But in real simplistic way to look at this our share repurchase activity in 2015 is going to be funded by divestures. Said and done. We’re not increasing any debt on our balance sheet to fund share repurchase activity, we’re not using operating cash flow to fund share repurchase activity. I closed my prepared comments with our plan is to grow, well that’s part of our growth agenda. And as opportunities come forward we will execute.
Robert Livingston: And I would also tell you Steve, there is just as much activity going on by us to offset that with input cost.
Robert Livingston: I have a suggestion for everyone that’s listening, I don’t think this is going to be a big item in 2015.
Robert Livingston: Well, I don’t know its TBD, but I would say your first assumption is correct that we will convert and I said earlier I think 30% decrementals is the way we think about it. So therefore, we are converting on the downside at less than the gross margin because the cost takeout, that’s the thing.
Brad Cerepak: Okay, gosh Scott I can’t tell you how many different models we’ve run with respect to the drilling and production activity for 2015. So how was this number - how do we provide this number, what are the underlying assumptions and the work we’ve done? Yes it does reflect a lot of conversations with our customers over the last few weeks. I would tell you that one of the data points that everyone does look at and continue to track is rig count deployment. And this range we provide for 2015 assumes a rig count decrease year-over-year average of 25% to 30%.
Brad Cerepak: I will also tell you that we will - we do expect to see a little bit of the anticipated decline show up in their first quarter, but Scott this is going to be a modest impact in their quarter. We do expect the second and third quarters to bear the brunt of this downturn. We do expect the rig count declined to be rather steep and reflective of what we’re seeing here in the last few weeks.
Brad Cerepak: Well, I mean if I just look at, okay so the way we’re thinking about that and the way we forecasted is that 300 net of. The benefits we see in 2015 of restructuring offset by some costs, as we talked about, would drop to at about 30%.
Brad Cerepak: And Charlie, I would tell you, I would love to sit here a year from now and tell you I was really conservative with that outlook. I will tell you that the Accelerated team outperformed in the fourth quarter. Goodness I think their revenue in the fourth quarter was about 15% higher than what we had modeled. I know, they are holding a quite well here in January, I was actually down to see the guys, I guess about a week ago or two weeks ago. And it just absolutely amazes me how many different opportunities they are finding to satisfy customers, to help customers with productivity and cash flow projects that we just don’t account for when in forecast when we put together our acquisition model. It is possible but this is one of our business units in 2015 that even if we’re right on nailing the rig count declined of 25% to 30% even with that, here is one business within our official book that get actually outperform our expectations.
Brad Cerepak: Well again I’m going to repeat myself on two points. One, we’re still in discussions with customers so I’m going to treat some of this as confidential discussions with customers right now until we complete some of these dialogues. I’m saying that in our plan where we do anticipate price reduction discussions with customers that the low-to-mid, I’m talking to 2% to 5%.
Brad Cerepak: No. No, no, no others. I would just say generally on both of those that it’s not a lot of tax leakage let’s just say that.
