Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning and welcome to Dover's third quarter earnings call. Today's call will begin with comments from Rich and Brad on Dover's third quarter operating and financial performance and some comments on our 2018 outlook. We will then open the call up for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Dover is providing adjusted EPS results and EPS guidance that exclude after-tax acquisition-related amortization. We believe reporting adjusted EPS on this basis better reflects our core operating results, offers more transparency and facilitates easier comparability with peer companies. Reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures reflecting adjustments for aforementioned acquisition-related amortization, rightsizing and other costs are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through November 08 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is (800) 585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code 1598024. And before we get started today, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. We also undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rich.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Rich. Laurie, before we have our first question, I just like to remind everybody, if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow-up, that will be able to get more people in the queue. Let's have our first question.
Paul Goldberg: Yeah. Thanks very much for joining us for the Q3 earnings call. We look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a great day.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 4. As mentioned, our results were largely driven by solid demand in Engineered Systems and Fluids. Adjusted segment EBIT was essentially unchanged at $274 million and adjusted margin was 15.7%. This performance reflected strong conversion in engineered systems and improved performance in fluids, largely offset by lower volume in Refrigeration and Food Equipment. Adjusted segment EBITDA was $341 million. Adjusted earnings was $203 million and adjusted EPS was a $1.36. EPS benefited in the quarter from a lower tax rate on discrete tax benefits. The full-year effective rate is now expected to be between 20% and 21%. Moving on to Slide 5, let's get into a little bit more detail on our revenue and bookings results in the quarter. Third quarter revenue of $1.7 billion was comprised of 3% organic growth, offset by a 3% impact from dispositions net of acquisitions. FX was minimal in the quarter. Organic growth remained above 3% in Q3, despite headwinds in Refrigeration and Food Equipment. FX, which was a tailwind of 2.2% in Q2 decelerated into Q3, resulting in a small headwind of a 0.5%. We are using a US dollar-euro assumption of $1.17 in our current forecast. From a segment perspective, Engineered Systems grew $35 million organically and fluids grew $58 million on broad-based activity. Weak retail refrigeration markets and delayed shipments and can-shaping equipment drove a $39 million decline in Refrigeration and Food Equipments' revenue. Bookings increased 3% overall. Organic growth was 6%. Of note, Engineered Systems and Fluids' organic bookings grew $38 million and $77 million respectively, reflecting broad-based market demand. From a geographic perspective, the U.S., our largest market was flat organically where broad-based growth in Engineered Systems and Fluids was offset by Retail Refrigeration. Europe was up 2% organically and Asia grew 23%, largely driven by strong activity in our Fluid segment. Finally, book-to-bill finished at 0.98%. Let's take a look at the earnings bridges on Slide 6. Starting on the top, engineered adjusted segment EBITDA improved $8 million, largely driven by solid conversion on broad-based revenue growth. Fluids' EBITDA growth of $9 million reflects better execution in retail fueling and conversion on volume in our other businesses. The $23 million decline at Refrigeration and Food Equipment reflects lower volume and negative business mix. Going to the bottom of the chart; adjusted earnings improved $16 million or 9%, primarily driven by lower interest and corporate cost and a lower tax rate. Now on Slide 7; our nine-month free cash flow was $284 million or 66% of earnings from continuing operations. Third quarter free cash flow was $206 million, was on track with our expectations and largely in line with last year. We expect the fourth quarter to be our highest free cash flow quarter of the year, which is our normal pattern. Of note, the free cash flow impact of our restructuring initiatives on a year-to-date basis was $39 million of which $11 million was paid in Q3. In all, we expect to deliver full year cash flow within the range that we provided at our Investor Day in September. Moving to Slide 8; finally, we completed the open market portion of our 1 billion share repurchase program in the first week of October after repurchasing a 148 million in Q3. The 700 million ASR will be finalized by year-end thus completing the full program. With that, let me turn it back to Rich.
Brad Cerepak: I would just add to your comment earlier, we'll just have more to say about this in January '19, but I would not at this stage think that it's an automatic ship in the first quarter. We'll come back on the timing of that, which is expected to be slightly later than that or later than that.
Brad Cerepak: I think you can assume that it will be in the range Steve. I can't get down to the level of granularity to say it's going to be 8.75%.
Brad Cerepak: I haven't made that calculation. I think that we can expect out of the fourth quarter restructuring charge, approximately I'd say 50% of that charge would be cash and the balance of it would probably slow.
Brad Cerepak: On 301 yeah. Certainly on 232, which we've talked about before, but again we'll have to see how that progresses into '19. but at this stage Rich is correct, it's not a big number on 301 for us. We don't ship a lot of product out of China into the U.S. and at this stage it's been covered to productivity.
Brad Cerepak: There is an amount of progress building and once we start the engineering and the procurement phase, so I don't expect a double negative on an additional push out and look and crystallizing that backlog into orders as I think that Brad was right to say, look we believe that it's going to roll into '19, but let's be careful. It's not as of January 01. We're going to kick it off and we would expect a big comparable bump on the segment in the first quarter because of that translation right. We believe we will get it during the year. It's unclear right now when we kick it off.
Brad Cerepak: I think that answers -- ends up being incredibly granular. I think that overall it's a combination of volume leverage because the revenue has been moving up in the segment, having a direct impact. I think that the fact that they've got in front of their input cost headwinds that they're either positive or net neutral has an impact and then demand is there. So then just pure volume, that's not kind of absorption, not the absorption impact of it. So it's a combination of all those. In certain businesses and then you’ve got companies like Precision Components that the nature of that business when it's up, its highly engineered product. So the margins on some of those products is very good and we've got particular strength as I mentioned at the end of Q2 in our high drawer colder business that we're expanding the footprint of that business because demand has been great and the margins are very accretive to the segment.
Rich Tobin: Okay. Well, I think that we need to bifurcate the answer between the headwind on Belvac that is really going to move into 2019. That's going to cost us about $10 million in comparable profits to Q4 last year. We're not where as I mentioned, I am not worried about the business overall. The backlog is there. It's just that these are pretty lumpy revenue and returns and the margin on the Belvac volume is quite high. So we're going to have to make up that particular headwind on that basis from that with cost control actions of the aggregate of the cost control actions. On Retail Refrigeration, we haven't really seen a positive pricing environment, but I think that early data shows that some of the negative pricing pressure that we saw in the first half of year has begun to moderate. I don't think we're prepared to call the bottom, but at least from what we can see in backlog is going into Q4 clearly the market started slowing down at the end of last year. So the comp gets better, but the rate of decline in terms of the backlog is significantly smaller than we've been seeing all year. So I don't think we are prepared right now to say we're at the bottom, but I think the data would show that the decline has come down quite a bit and that the pricing headwinds have moderated some. We're going to really move from our decision-making process going into next year is really going to be to call the size of the market and that's what's going to drive the cost takeout from a footprint point of view, but that's really a full-year project that can take us to do it. So I'm -- look, I just don't think it's getting that much worse going into '19, but I don't have any indicators that say it's going to be better in '19 other than the fact that I think that we will benefit from the -- through the year cost takeout when we start doing the comps going into 2019.
Rich Tobin: Look clearly the North American market is the leader in terms of the demand, but in our exposure to Asia overall, is relative -- it's not overly material, but right now are the demand that we've seen particular in China is kept up. A lot of that is in the underground portion or the OPW portion of the business right now. North America I think it's a couple different tales at the end of the day. I think the CapEx levered businesses that we have are posting good topline growth. I think if you go through some of the -- some of the comments that I wrote in the press release about who's clocking double-digit growth, we can go through it again, but our fueling systems is close to 15 for the quarter. So that begs the question of what going to have to happen to EMV. So I'll leave that to a follow-on question. But overall, GDP in North America is up and it's driving the CapEx end of our businesses. I think the Markem-Imaje is just performing in the sector. So it's growth was close to 5% for the quarter. So it's clocking quite well and that as I mentioned in the margin conversion in those business has been excellent.
Rich Tobin: I won't put it in percentage terms, but EMV grew during the quarter approximately 5%. The expectation that that same rate will continue into Q4, I think that our view is US demand, EMV-driven demand however we want to describe that between [indiscernible] and full units is going to be up next year. I just don't think we're prepared to put a quantum on it yet, but clearly it's going to be in our 2019 guidance. So it's coming, the decisions that we're trying to make is how much inventory delay in as I said in my comments, how much inventory delay in to be prepared if we get a big flex at the beginning of 2019.
Rich Tobin: Yeah, look I think that we're pretty transparent. We're caught off guard bias right. We had the backlog and we're moving into beginning the source and we did source some of the raw [ph] to actually get into building out some pretty large units. The deliveries have been deferred. Now what does that mean for 2019 is an additive. I think it's too early to say, but I think that what we believe is what we had in the pipe. We're going to deliver in 2019, but I mean, look these are very big machines. So they had big ticket prices on them and they have very high margins on is pissed off as everybody that the fact that they got, but I don't believe that it's something that's changed in terms of the market structure that you know what I mean, that some reason that the retail what would it be called, retail food for beverage is rolling over by a stretch imagination and our customers there are a lot of times retail beverage. There's some of the canning makers themselves. So I don't think it's overly worrisome. I just think that the timing of it is poor and the fact that it happened in a sector that we've already had headwinds in is it makes it doubly poor, but I think it's still a good business and I would expect that, that we'll deliver on that volume that we should have been in 2019.
Rich Tobin: I think as I mentioned in my comments, I think that both the Engineering Systems Group and Fluids Group performed as we expected. I think at the end of Q2, I made some comments that if you looked at the trajectory of earnings in Engineering Systems that you couldn't just clock that through the balance of the year because of the fact that we knew that Q3 is going to be a little bit light to that trajectory. Now having said that, the incremental margin on that revenue is still significant. So it's not by any means a bad performance. It's just that we expected that to happen to a certain extent. On Fluids, I think the growth rate is still very good, but it's a little bit of the same story that we've had year-to-date in terms of the margin conversion on the DFS portion of the business. It actually exited quite well in the month of September and that's why in our full-year forecast, a lot of our operating performance, at least our comparable operating performance year-over-year is can be driven by Fluids.
Rich Tobin: No, no. What I was saying is that we've been carrying around the cost of the Dundee consolidation. The Europe, the first piece of the European footprint, which never went into restructuring. We've been taken that through the P&L all year. That is largely complete. So that's where I was last week. Look, we're getting into the gory details. Line rates are picking up, the absorption is picking up and without getting into monthly margins, I look at our September margins in DFS. They’ve moved up significantly. So it leads us to feel good about the fact that that's where we have a lot of demand going into Q4, if we can convert September margins, we're in pretty good shape.
Rich Tobin: Well, I think that Brad said in his comments that we expect to be within the range that we gave as a percent of revenue in the September presentation. It's going to clearly going to take some heavy lifting to get there, but we think we are confident we can get inside the range. And in terms of 2019 performance, well, if I take out the restructuring, the cash impact on the restructuring, that's going to depend on our guidance for topline revenue right. So again we are building net working capital, which is pretty much inventory receivables on the back of topline growth. Refrigeration is just not large enough to offset that. So our liquidating inventory on refrigeration side because revenue is coming down but conversely we've been building inventory on some pretty good growth rates on the balance of our business. We are not clocking at best-in-class cash flow clearly. So there's a lot of work to be done, but before we start giving '19, I think that I'll put it this way. In '19, we'll be through in the range that we gave in September. How that dynamic functions is going to be a question of once we call growth rates for 2019.
Rich Tobin: Let's not -- look, I won't answer the question about the segmental margin expectation, other than the fact I did give you some color on the quarter-to-quarter. It's going to be $10 million negative impact because of Belvac year-over-year. So that something that we are going to have to make up. The footprint optimization will begin in Q4. It's not to be overly material. I think that the bigger in terms of its positive impact in 2019 but we will give you the color around that when we make the formal announcement. I think that the bigger positive is going to be the fact that we've taken out a significant amount of overhead out of that business through the year right. So we've been rightsizing as we've gone down. We have flat revenue and we'll get the benefit of the full-year benefits taking that out. The larger footprint issues are going to take throughout 2019, because there is a pretty large endeavors in terms of -- in terms of lot of automation and then dealing with the actual physical footprint.
Rich Tobin: Yes and no, is the answer to that question. If you go back and look at the presentation in September, there wasn’t a lot of restructuring in that particular segment because management had been taking out costs all year as the revenue had gone down. So there was not a lot of low hanging fruit per se. There is some restructuring the comes along with the footprint actions, but there is isn’t any kind of residual structuring that we're just waiting on timing in terms refrigeration. It's overly material.
Rich Tobin: Well, I should have been more specific. So I apologize. That was a comment about our JK Business that is part of digital printing. It was not a comment. I think the comment I made about Markem-Imaje is performance and its incremental margin was because it was driven by consumables, which is largely ink at the end of the day. So no issues in terms of that side of the business. The competition on inks is more on the -- on the digital print side.
Rich Tobin: That's two different questions. Number one, we're actually carrying more inventory than we would like in retail fueling. Some of that is based on the fact that the topline growth has been robust, but it's very much impacted by some of this footprint consolidation work that started last year in supply chain, right. So this whole closing of Malmo and moving to Dundee, you're basically transferring a significant amount of working capital it takes longer to grind through the systems. So we're not -- we're actually not happy about our performance right now. It's understandable but we're not pleased with it. The comment I made about inventory in DFS is it's a question of how much can we clear out operationally. We've got a good backlog. So we should be able to perform in Q4 and consume a lot of that kind of operational inventory, but we really need to make a decision about EMV for 2019 and we don't want to get caught off-guard. I don't want to be sitting here at the end of Q1 saying that we've got -- we've got frictional costs for expediting in air shipments because we didn't have enough kits in place to support the demand of EMV Right now we're not entirely sure what the pace of the start off in EMV is going to be in 2019, but I'm reasonably sure there we're going to be prudent and make sure that we carry some inventory into '19 that we can support whatever demand is there.
Rich Tobin: We also have some carry over. So I think the full year cash flow impact including Q4 is about $59 million, $60 million of cash. It's little bit higher than 50 Bps if you want to do the math.
Rich Tobin: No. It's far more back office and you saw from our press release the other day about it's about as open our digital center part of that has to do with the fact that of the transfer of some assets between Keane and Boston.
Rich Tobin: Okay. Well no nothing's really changed. The build-out -- so the Greenfield build-out of new construction has been weak, what we did not expect at the beginning of the year and we've been kind of been writing it down on a year is that a lot of maintenance cap or refurbishment CapEx has been deferred or is not done in '19. So dynamic is the same, but the rate of the decline has moderated at the end of Q3 going into Q4. So it's really nothing there.
Rich Tobin: Hard to say right now. My best guess is we're bottoming right now. So worst case scenario it's flat in '19 better case scenario, the maintenance portion of the spend starts to move back up.
Rich Tobin: It's a combination of good mix and good operational performance. I think that we've got certain businesses that have done well, pricing in excess of input cost headwinds are CapEx levered businesses, some of them are highly engineered products and those -- and as such, the margins on that volume are very good.
Rich Tobin: I think it's a little bit too early to talk about more overhead cost. What I can tell you is that I'm proud of the management team here embracing the challenge to take the cost out because it's just not easy, but I think that there's a belief that we have a plan in place that allows us to take these costs out while reinvesting in those platforms to make the businesses stronger.
Rich Tobin: It's not materially better pricing, I think it's much more weighted towards mix and price overall. I think that by and large I think that we've done reasonably well in terms of price. Some operations better than others based on kind of the backlog and uniqueness of the product, but there is not a lot of price. I think that there is you see volume leverage coming through and you see better mix coming through, more than price. I mean there is a little element of price, but net of all cost headwinds, it's a relatively immaterial number.
Rich Tobin: Yeah it ends up being a dogs breakfast. There is a variety of different reasons, they are all rational. They are timing in terms of all build-outs of their own footprints. I think that there is an element of kind of macro that's embedded there to a certain extent. It's been -- some of the -- a lot of this volume is international volume and you've got a variety of noise out in the system, which I think is making people little bit more deliberate in terms of their own CapEx plans. I think that the projects are intact overall, but I think some of it has caught up in that kind of general macro noise.
Rich Tobin: Well, I said it was a gross of 130 right and out of the 130 that's round here, 25 gets picked up in 2018 right. So it's a rolling -- it's a rolling 12 on 130. So we're tracking right along. I said about that '19 is if you go back and look at the presentation, a percentage of it is headcount related, that's the part that we're substantially complete. The balance of it is the consumption of SG&A by that headcount to a certain extent is the kind of broad-based say that you get in '19 right. So the full effect of that portion is in '19.
Rich Tobin: That's for the earnings thing. That's pure price. That's not mix. On the revenue side, it's pure price on the EBIT side, it's a net number.
Rich Tobin: Sure. Well, look we've got businesses that are in certain cases 80% of the revenue goes through distribution. So you can't really see the retail customer. So our revenues are two dealers at the end of the day. So a dealer stocking is not necessarily a bad thing because of the fact our dealers only stock based on their projection of demand. So overall we're talking about some of the smaller businesses like TWG and OKI, I wouldn't be worried about kind of the that we're kind of pushing into dealers and that we're going to have to pay the price for that. I think it's more of a positive comment of some of our businesses that sell through distribution. Our network is positive and they're trying to get their hands on what we make.
Rich Tobin: Yeah and then the second part of it was more of an FX-related comment right. So quarter-over-quarter, there is a headwind on the euro. I think Brad kind of cleared, he went through the trajectory of it and based on I think we use a $19.01 -- $19.07, so there is a headwind at least in the way that we're forecasting on our European levered businesses, which is largely more revenue a revenue issue than anything else.
Rich Tobin: Yeah, I don't think it's a change at the segment level. I think if you notice on the cost side, there's a little bit of cost now associated with corporate, well that's driving a little bit of the benefit side as well. So it's just a minor change.
Rich Tobin: I mean we'll do it when we close the year and we give the kind of the guidance overall, we'll give you the color of what we think about '19, but right now you’ve got your fingers on the two pieces right. It's in the cost takeout in '18 and the Belvac mix that you can kind of roll forward.
Rich Tobin: You know what, I've got a big spreadsheet in front of me. I can tell you right now that we're covering it through productivity and price. So I don't believe it's a drag. If it's specifically about RF&E, I'm not aware of any material exposure to imported components in that particular segment.
Rich Tobin: I think it's not better and faster. I think there we're just happy right. We've been bragging that around for the full year. I think the team has worked really hard in a pretty bad situation, that we had in terms of that consolidation in Europe, but they’ve ground through it and we see ourselves coming out on the other side. So we don't have a lot of negative. It wasn't just the consolidation in Europe. It's when you can't get the throughput out of that facility, you're making it up and other facilities, which has got supplier premiums and air freight. So there's a lot of kind of additional frictional costs in the system. That's all coming out because I think that Dundee's has got the feet on the ground now and you couple that with the demand of EMV coming up and EMV products if you will are beneficial to margins of the Group. So we like what we saw of our exit margins in Q1 and that leads us in some amount of confidence and going into Q4 meeting our objectives because from a year-over-year basis what we are looking for is a lot of the year-over-year profit change is going to come out of that particular segment.
Rich Tobin: I don't have the number in front of me. It's not overly material. I think the bigger issue that OPW had, just at a quarter-to-quarter basis was some footprint consolidation cost that they had started before kind of we announced this new initiative right. This is something that's been going on all year. They finished it up and then they took some charges in the quarter, which weren't helpful, but I think like I said it's largely contained in the Q3. So our expectation is that OPW's margins in Q4 are going to be good.
