Richard Tobin: Thanks, Andrey, and good morning everyone from balmy Chicago. Let's gets started on Slide 3. Q4 again organic revenue growth was up 6.2% for the quarter and solid demand trends and engineering systems and at exceptionally strong performance in our fluid segment more than offset the continued weak demand environment in Refrigeration & Food Equipment particularly and can making equipment in Food Retail. Thus adjusted Q4 earnings were up 17% driven by top line growth, volume leverage and cost actions initiated in Q3. Adjusted EPS had $1.43 per share was up 25% inclusive of $0.08 of favorable impact from tax. As we discussed at the end of Q3, we had some heavy lifting to do to offset the Q4 forecast for trading environment in Refrigeration & Food Equipment. The organization made a determined effort to convert its backlogs crystallizes its cost-saving targets, and focus on cash conversion with good effect. Despite the excellent shipping performance through Q4 and many of our businesses bookings remained solid at the end of the quarter, posting a book-to-bill ratio above one, which were broad-based across the portfolio. Our SG&A rightsizing initiative is largely complete and during the quarter we began the first projects of our footprint rationalization plan, particularly with the three to one production sites rationalization in Unified Brands, which is underway. In Q4, we have taken our initial restructuring charge of $5 million as a result of the announced footprint consolidation efforts, which we forecast to deliver $4 million into 2019 an annualized run rate savings of $18 million. Finally, on the inorganic growth front, last Friday, we completed the acquisition of Belanger, a leading car wash equipment manufacturer, which we announced earlier in the month. Belanger meets all of the criteria for inorganic investment in terms of market attractiveness, execution profile and return on invested capital that we laid out at our analyst day in September. It's been a busy quarter for the Company, I’m pleased that were able to deliver solid top line growth and generate significant cash flow from operations while concurrently delivering on our productivity initiatives now since September. So that’s the balance of the opening comments. From here, I will pass it on to Brad.
Richard Tobin: Sure, I think like Brad covered, we gave a, let's call it normalized cash flow for the cash impact of restructuring operations. So, maybe we're just under 10% for the year. And with the strong revenue growth in Q4, we had some amount of cash flow that was hung up in receivable. So, if you take a look at next year, the revenue growth is not at that same kind of momentum, so we would unwind that Q4 revenue through cash flow. And quite frankly, it's not as if we’re performing at 100% in terms of cash conversions. So I’m making up that 30 million to 40 million over the year, we've got the ability to do it. So, I don't think it's -- I know that we were forecasting to spend more for CapEx, we believe in the projects we’re doing it. But we don't think that, that spend on CapEx is negatively impact the cash flow target for 2019.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I mean, look at digital printing in terms of its margin performance year-over-year did a fantastic job. But as you know, these are high dollar printers, so the revenue tends to be little bit lumpy. It is reflected in our book-to-bill in printing, and ID is not so much the Markem-Imaje piece, it's more just the lumpiness of the orders, but our expectation for digital print for 2019 is to increase revenue.
Richard Tobin: Necessarily, I mean, we're investing in retail refrigeration and automation that is going to progressively come online, so expand the capacity of the footprint in Richmond. So, it's not alluding to that necessarily. I mean that’s a project that is going to take more or less the whole year to get online.
Richard Tobin: The only thing we've announced in terms of -- that segment is the consolidation in United brands bringing the footprint from 3 to 1 which is underway.
Richard Tobin: Dover's historical cash generation has not been pour by any stretch imagination. I think that what we did was wide in the range for cash generation, just to open-up business and recycling of the business, which is more revenue related and capital consumption from CapEx. So at the end of the day, if you take a look at what was generated for full year of '18, we came slightly below 10%, if we normalize for the cash cost of the restructuring actions. Despite the fact that having CapEx up a little bit, we're getting little bit penalized in Q4 because of the fact that the growth rate was so robust. So, you've got some amount of cash that's hung up in receivable. So, on one hand, we don't want to manage that cash number where to the extent that we are not taking orders and making deliveries because we prefer to have the operating profit quite frankly. So, what we -- the way that we look at it here and should look at here is, it's a self liquidating balance sheet, right. We accommodate the negative impact of higher revenues. We're taking the earnings and we've just got to get really good at cycling our receivables and working on our payments, so just kind of the working capital point of it. But on the other hand, it's not as if we can get quartered into 10% of revenue where we say wait a minute stop shipping, if you will.
Richard Tobin: I'd like the pricing to be better is the honest answer, but we've modeled in kind exit pricing or current market conditions. One would hope, if demand was to accelerate in excess that what we've modeled in year that there would be some room for pricing. But right now, I think that we've got a pretty cautious view about demand and pricing for retail refrigeration in '19.
Richard Tobin: Don't look at the supplemental chart and say that's all unified brand, a piece of that is Unified Brands, but there's a variety of other smaller projects in there. Unified Brands tends to be the one we're using as example because the footprint consolidation is quite large and we started that in Q4 and it's pretty much going to take us through the first half of 2019 to complete.
Richard Tobin: The DFS margin in Q4 was slightly below the exit rate of Q3, but that was entirely driven by geographic mix. So, it's been sequentially getting better through 2018, and as I mentioned in my comments, one of the -- if you look the -- if you do the math on the incremental margin on the EPS bridge, you’re going to see at the lower end of the revenue side that it's pretty robust. A lot of that is the non-reoccurrences some of the issues that we dealt with in 2018. I think the margin targets that we showed in 2019 September are real and were going to be tracking progressively to realizing those margins through 2019 under current demand scenarios.
Richard Tobin: We like our exit growth rate and we like our book to Bill and that is reflected in what we’re expecting -- that we're putting out there for the guidance for the segment. As you know what we have what we can see is into Q2 at the present time. So, we feel good were we are despite a lot of negativity in terms of sentiment about the demand environment for everything going into 2019. So we feel good about the forecast that we have out there. In terms of the growth rates, the fastest growing portion was DFS or Fluids or the Fluids business of the other retail fueling. But have been said that, the balance the portfolio really grew well. We've commented before I think in Q2 and maybe to a lesser extent of Q3 on the MAG business which is very much project-related. That was a large contributor to the growth in the incremental margin also for the quarter.
Richard Tobin: Sure, well, I think in terms of the hierarchy, it's the same as we are presented in September that we've got a bias for organic investment because that's what the returns are highest. And really the biggest change year-over-year is what we’re doing in terms of organic investment, which has reflected in the CapEx slide. We just completed an acquisition or in inorganic investment in the car wash equipment business, we gave the criteria and what we're looking for in September in terms of margin expansion, execution risk and return on invested capital hurdles. That particular one meets all three so we feel quite good there. We've got a reasonably good pipeline that we're taking a look at right now. And the size of that pipeline in terms of scale of those opportunities are more or less around where that Belanger acquisition. So that's the kind of color, I can give you on whether well executed or not we use to say, but we're not going to sit on cash as we build up through the year.
Richard Tobin: I think that it's one of those things. I mean I think it's a reflection of the fact of the exit rate on the growth. I think it's a reflection on in certain businesses that lead times have gotten extended because of supply chain. I mean there is an overall view I think in the market because of strains of tariffs and a variety of things that, that people are getting worried at the performance of supply chains to a certain extent. So, they are getting in front a little bit of -- getting in line for what they believe that the need for 2019. So, overall, I don't think there is anything in there except for the fact that we've been on a pretty good -- our businesses have been a pretty with the exception refrigeration, being in a good place in terms of top line growth, and there is an overhang and worry about our supply chain getting extend in a variety of other things. And that's allowed us to go out and ping our customers and say, look if you really want first half deliveries you got to get in line.
Richard Tobin: It would be growth at the end of the day. Our expectation is we would actually underperform when the top line is moving up aggressively, and we would over perform as the businesses liquidate the balance sheet or at the midpoint.
Richard Tobin: I think it's not any particular customer. It's broad-based since our traditional customers. I think overall it's just a reflection of capital investment in retail food as been low for quite a long period of time, and it's coming off easier and easier comps as regards to the cycle. So, we’re grateful for it. I think it's good for morale in the business, but we remain cautious and we like to just continually update it hopefully, quarter by quarter, if these kinds of trends hold.
Richard Tobin: If we go back and look at Belvac's performance overtime, it's the lumpy. I think it's just become more material to the segment because of the fact that refrigeration shrunk so much. So, there is nothing particularly wrong with Belvac because it’s a CapEx driven business from the beverage side and it was just a bad year, a lot of projects got deferred in a variety of other things. So I think we've also got a cautious view. We're engaging with all of our customers where we'd like to see the backlog build sequentially and then will comment it over the year.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I don’t know if I want to opine on kind of one of ours longer-term strategy. I mean just back up and saying that, that within the OPW, there had been a car wash business PDQ, it's been accretive to both of the segment and the Company. We like the trends in carwash. This particular acquisition is of a size that we think that it's from an execution point of view, it's very doable for us and it widens our portfolio and our strength with our distributors. I mean now that we've got a total product to go along with our traditional position. So, we like the secular trends in carwash in terms of the growth profile and we like our historical performance in terms of margin. And like I said, we check the box on return hurdles and execution risks. It's a fragmented market, there is -- but at the other hand, it's now that we've done this acquisition, we are one of the largest players at least in North America. So, we like the market structure also, but I think and to the extent that there is additional opportunities we continue to take a look at him, but it really did check a lot of boxes for companies that we're looking for.
Richard Tobin: Yes, no one like this at the end of the day, I think that our track record in the second half of the year in terms of trying to run the business while preparing it for a transformational change, I'm sure that we have made some of our customers unhappy. I think that we're working diligently to kind of layout the path where this gets our costs and control, and we believe very much that it's going to improve our quality overtime. But having said that, I think that the businesses has been around a long time, I think there is an amount of goodwill, but clearly, we're going to need to execute on this project as we go - it's probably the biggest project that we have in right now for 2019.
Richard Tobin: I think that our biggest worry in the quarter was conversion of what we had in the backlog. I think we got a little bit, in a perfect world we would converted it earlier in the quarter and not had to run like crazy during December from both a production point of view and from a cash point of view. But as I said in my opening comments, it got a little dicey, but we are able to get it out the door and collect it. So, I think from an execution point of view, I think that the organization should be proud of itself. We dispatch the segment management to China because we read the same things that everybody else did. So, segment management spent a week in China recently to go and see how it's impacting our business and like. Our management in China is feeling pretty confident. Now we've got really to revenue streams in China, it's the consumables portion of marketable marsh which is relatively stable business and then the regulatory piece of fluids, which is geared towards OPW, which is generally has a decent line of sight in terms of backlog. So were cognizant of the risk out there. But right now our projections for China are to grow in 2019.
Richard Tobin: John, I can’t add anything to what you said. I haven't been around long enough to really think about specifically as it relates to refrigeration but you put your finger on it at the end of the day if was to happen this year god forbid, we had such a low base in refrigeration, we’re below replacement at this point.
Richard Tobin: I think I will feel really good if we execute our plans in 2019. I mean 2018 was a tough year for the management of the business and for us. I think we got a good plan. I want to see this executed and I’m going to feel a lot better about it.
Richard Tobin: I think the way to answer, John. Yes, I think the way to answer is twofold that when we had the meeting in September, we said that the priority was to go after SG&A first because it was a one-for-one benefit and it was in your control so you can execute it. Now we said we moved on to footprint is a lot more risky and the timing of acting on footprint is a lot longer. So that's why you see us taking a relatively small charge in the end of 2018, and the real benefit that the total benefit is in 2019. So, the returns as you calculate the returns there are excellent, but we've got to run a business here, right. And we don't want to impact the top line, so we're pretty, pretty deliberate about how we execute these things.
Richard Tobin: I don’t want to size, but that was relatively small start that we've taken and we are forecasting 18 million. So, we look that this is a multiyear program.
Richard Tobin: I don’t want to start. I think we can do those with follow ups. I think at the end of the day the two biggest driving issues within the segment where retail fueling, we've been talking I guess in the second half of the year that because of footprint consolidation, we got a little bit behind in terms of our backlog and we had a lot of catch-up to do. Plus the fact Brad took you over -- took you through that EMV is starting to come through, which is a positive for 2019. And the fact that we've talked about earlier in the year, some of the margin was related to mix and that's project related work that's driven by the MAG business. So what we got in Q4 was very good conversion, and maybe not so much in EBITDA as much as we had like in EBIT, but on the top line of converting of the backlog in the retail fluids business and a lot of shipments out of MAG, which are good for margins.
Richard Tobin: The tariff related what I mentioned about tariffs is, the fact that we believe that it is contributing a little bit for the building of backlog, right. Everybody is worried about the supply-chain, which kind a piece of that is tariffs. So customers that have plans CapEx driven plans the demand plans for 2019, we feel that's what's contributing somewhat to the good order book that we have. In terms of our view on tariffs, we will be able to cover the tariffs impact with pricing and productivity and that's our expectation for 2019.
Richard Tobin: It's not an overly material number and quite frankly because a lot of our pumps business is sold through distribution. I mean I guess we can do the work at the end of the day, but it's hard to parse it.
Richard Tobin: What we wouldn’t be doing them and much we had positive NPVs on them at the end of the day. I called out the two bigger ones because they got a little bit of different profiles, right. So, it was to kind of message in terms of what we will consider only do big CapEx projects. One was on the colder business, which is our connector business, I believe it was the fastest growing or maybe in second place fastest growing business that we had in 2018, and the margin is positive to both the segment in the group. So if we are going to invest in capacity expansion that's a pretty good candidate. So, we like the dynamics of that business and we were getting chockablock in terms of our ability to grow based on our footprint. The other one is driven by what we're doing in terms of retail refrigeration and that let’s put that in kind of the productivity bucket rather than kind of the expansion bucket. And both have different dynamics in terms of how we model the return but both of them are very NPV positive as long as we execute correctly.
Richard Tobin: I think that we’ve taken a look at the entire footprint, but not -- so cursory view of identified opportunities by operating company. Then we've kind of put them in order in terms of our ability to execute both as a group and by then an individual operating company. And so, we force rank them based on that. So, we've got a relatively long pipeline, but execution risk and some is a lot higher than others. They need to do it from margin enhancement point of view. It's higher than some than others. I think that we signaled in September the two segments that are challenge from a margin point of view. So our bias would be to act there first, but then it comes back to the organization's ability to execute, and we're bringing in resources in 2019 to kind of accelerate our way through 2019. But the fact of the matter is the group's track record in doing facility consolidation is not great. So, we want to be relatively deliberate and get some momentum of successful projects and then begin to roll.
Richard Tobin: Yes, we have been having quite the dialogue around here between our very good performance and conversion and how that affected the top line versus what our guidance was going to be versus the market saying that there's a slowdown in horizon and everything else. We feel great about what happened in Q4. I don’t think that we can keep that level up through the year, but there's no reason for us not to be at the top end of the range, but these are businesses that don't have a lot, I mean, they are so small in the nature, there's not a lot of secular stories behind them. So, we took kind of the middle-of-the-road view. And to the extent that the demand is there then will push the top end, as hard as we can sequentially to the quarters. But I think it would have been a little bit difficult for us to take Q4 and to say, well based on that in our backlog, this thing just rolls through '19. We just don’t have enough visibility right now.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let’s go through the details starting on Slide 4. As mentioned, our results for the quarter were driven by strong demand in Engineered Systems and Fluids, solid margin conversion on revenue growth and cost actions. Adjusted segment EBIT increased 9% to 285 million and adjusted margin was 15.7%, an increase of 80 basis points. This performance reflected strong growth in conversion in Engineered Systems and improved performance in Fluids, partially offset by lower volume in Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Adjusted segment EBITDA was 352 million. Adjusted earnings were 211 million in the quarter and adjusted diluted EPS was a $43, an increase of 25% over last year. The EPS increase was supported by share repurchases and a lower tax rate. Full year 2018 results followed the same narrative as the fourth quarter. Results were largely driven by strong growth across our Engineered Systems and Fluids segments partially offset by lower volume within our Refrigeration & Food Equipment segments. Adjusted full year 2018 segment EBIT increased 4% to just over 1 billion. Adjusted EBIT margin was 14.8%, an increase of 30 basis points driven by stronger conversion on revenue growth and by the impact of our margin improvement plan. The effective tax rate for the full year was 21.4% when normalized for discrete tax benefits, excluding the additional Tax Act regulatory guidance covered by SAB 118. Now turning to Slide 5. Let’s get into a little bit more detail on revenue and bookings results in the quarter. Fourth quarter revenue grew by 3.2% to 1.8 billion. Organic growth in the quarter was 6.2% despite headwinds in Refrigeration & Food Equipment. The impact from FX and dispositions added headwinds of about 2% and 1% respectively. From a segment perspective, Engineered Systems grew 30 million or 4.3% organically and Fluids grew a 118 million or 17.2% organically on broad-based activity across the segments. Delayed shipments and can-shaping equipment and weak retail refrigeration markets drove a 39 million or 10.2% organic decline in Refrigeration & Food Equipments revenue. The majority of which is due the expected year-over-year declines at Belvac. In the fourth quarter, our retail refrigeration business posted its lowest rate of revenue decline in 2018 at approximately 3%. Bookings increased 8% overall. Organic growth was strong at 10% contributing to an increase in backlog both over the third quarter of 2018 and the fourth quarter of 2017. Of note Engineered Systems and Fluids organic bookings grew 86 million and 54 million respectively reflecting broad-based market demand. Refrigeration & Food Equipment segments bookings grew 25 million organically and approved orders at retail refrigeration and exceeded revenue by 14 million in the quarter. From a geographic perspective, the U.S. our largest market grew 6% organically where broad-based growth in Engineered Systems and Fluids was partially offset by retail refrigeration, which is primarily a domestic business. Europe was up 10% organically with strong performance across all segments and Asia was flat. Within Asia, China grew 6% organically driven by strong growth in our food and segment. Finally book-to-bill finished at 1.02, reflecting strong orders across our segments including Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Let's go to the earnings bridge now on Slide 6. Starting on the top, Engineered Systems adjusted segment EBITDA improved 11 million, largely driven by solid conversion on broad-based revenue growth across the segments, more than offsetting headwinds from FX and dispositions. Fluids EBITDA growth of 32 million reflects a combination of robust growth better execution in retail fueling as well as strong conversion on volume in other businesses. The 22 million decline in refrigeration Food Equipment reflects lower volume and negative business mix particularly in our can making and retail refrigeration businesses. Additionally, our margin improvement plan began to deliver results with our SG&A initiative contributing 22 million of savings to Q4 results. Going to the bottom of the chart, adjusted earnings from continuing operations improved 31 million or 17%, primarily driven by higher segment earnings, lower interest and corporate costs, partially offset by higher taxes and increased earnings. Now on Slide 7, free cash flow for the quarter was seasonally strong posting our highest quarterly cash flow for the year despite the strong revenue impact resulting in higher year-end receivables. The fourth quarter is traditionally our highest cash flow quarter. Free cash flow for the year was 618 million or 8.8% of revenue within our guidance from our analyst day in September. Cash cost of 52 million associated with our restructuring initiatives negatively impacted cash flow in the year, excluding such non-recurring cash outlays, free cash flow was 9.6% of revenue Now let me turn back to Rich.
Brad Cerepak: I would just add that Markem-Imaje has been steady all year along at above one book-to-bill and so that business remains solid for us.
Brad Cerepak: Sure, Rich. When I speak about EMV, just a reminder, I'm not talking about dispensers that are EMV ready. It's really the component pieces and we see on track and track it very, very carefully. I would say second half of '18 including the fourth quarter was above '17. So, we came out of that air pocket in the first half. Sequentially, we go into '19 and we see growth sequentially and solid year-over-year growth in EMV. I would say DFS, our business leadership is really very, very confident in terms of how we see in our line of sight to EMV for 2018 based on discussions with our customers and specific projects. So, EMV is shaping up to be the year-over-year up into '19 sequentially improving throughout the year.
