Robert Livingston: Thanks Brad. Markets are mixed as we enter 2016. Our businesses with exposure to oil and gas will once again face challenges, whereas Engineered Systems and Refrigeration & Food Equipment should grow organically. Within this environment we will remain focused on new product launches and innovation across the entire organization, expanding our business with new customers and in new geographies, capitalizing on our customer wins mindset by becoming an even more important partner with our customers and leveraging our Dover Excellence program to continue to drive margin, productivity and cash flow. The combination of these actions is expected to provide incremental revenue of 2 points in 2016 and increase core margin 20 to 40 basis points. The bulk of this incremental revenue is sales from new product introductions. Our plan for EPS growth and strong free cash flow in 2016 is supported by three significant activities that have already been implemented. They are the completion of several acquisitions that will deliver meaningful accretion. 2015 restructuring actions that will provide significant benefits this year and completed share repurchase activity that will deliver $0.08. We expect oil and gas markets to remain uncertain in 2016 and we are poised to take further cost actions beyond what is currently forecasted if necessary. With that I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for staying focused on our customers. Paul, let’s take some questions.
Robert Livingston: Sure, I’d like to - look I think I have shared this comment on at least one call if not a couple of calls last year that as we work through this down cycle in the Energy business, we have continued to work on new product, new product launches and targeting specific customers that we thought we should an initial business position with or even a larger business position with. And in 2015, I think in the second half of the year, we estimated that we had about 5% of our revenue in the second half of Energy with relabeled as new wins. As we provided guidance and initial guidance at the December meeting, we knew we were going to keep the business that we had won in 2015, but we were not including in our guidance any anticipated new business in 2016 unless we actually had a contract or knew we had won the business. And since then we have won some business, we’ve got contracts. Some of the business will actually have modest shipments on here in the first quarter and it’s across the segment, specifically within the upstream markets, we continue to win new business with our PDC intro [ph], but it is most noticeable within our artificial lift business. But I would be remissive if I didn’t throw or call that out [ph] to the guys and our Bearings & Compression business, they’ve also been pretty active and have been successful in this endower as well.
Robert Livingston: Well, I guess to begin that answer Joe; I’ll revert back to the answer I just provide Deane. We have been very active in taking cost out in 2015 and you’ll see us continue to do that in 2016. But at some point in time we will see a change in this market and we are still convinced that our superior - what we believe are our superior service levels and the continuing investment we’re making in product development are the right things to do to be prepared for an upturn when that occurs. Our assumptions in 2016 guide, we are seeing our plan in the first quarter, maybe even in the first four months of year reflect the current pricing of oil in today’s environment, let’s call it roughly $30. Our plan does assume that the price recovers a bit in the second half of the year. Our plan is based on $40 oil price in the second half of the year.
Robert Livingston: No, actually I would tell you that if you look at the first quarter for Dover, if you go back and look at the first quarter of last year and the results will be quite similar and the other three segments excluding Energy, the real change you are going to change in the - yeah, in aggregate, the real change you are going to see in the first quarter is simply the year-over-year decline in Energy. Jeff as you remember the first quarter of last year was still a pretty strong quarter, I would love to return to that level this year, but the first quarter for Energy last year was pretty strong and almost all of the first quarter of ‘16 down from first quarter of ‘15 is attributable to the decline in energy.
Robert Livingston: On revenue actually, okay if you want to look at it sequentially I think our revenue guide for energy is probably down very, very slightly, maybe $10 million sequentially from the fourth quarter.
Robert Livingston: Yeah, actually that was probably one area in Fluids that what was a bit of a concern in the fourth quarter, Jeff, the - we do continue to see the impact of our oil and gas exposure, especially in our pumps business and I am refereeing to the upstream oil and gas activity and that was down a little bit more than we had anticipated in the fourth quarter. We see that continuing in ‘16, in fact, I would tell you we have been overall I believe sitting here today we are being cautious with respect to fluids and our guide for 2016 because of that, it is just much more difficult to forecast accurately our activity through our distributors and the upstream oil and gas market and some of the other I call them second-order connect markets then it is with actively direct with OEMs. But on top of that, we did see an absence where I would call normal CapEx spending that you see in the fourth quarter, what I called year-end capital budget flush outs and there was a little bit different profile in the fourth quarter and I think we’re being appropriately cautious with our Fluids guide for 2016.
Robert Livingston: No, I’m really referring to earnings Nigel not the top line, obviously in the first quarter we will have the top line performance from Tokheim, but I don’t have the detector but I don’t think we are expecting any contribution or earnings from Tokheim in the first quarter just because we have the normal, well I call it front end of purchase accounting on the Tokheim acquisition. Also don’t lose sight of the fact that as we enter 2016, we don’t drop it to disc ops because that rule was changed but we try to show this details to you on the attached slides that we didn’t disclose a significant business, a $100 million business walk-in covers in the fourth quarter obviously that is not in the numbers in 2016 and we have another pending divestiture that should close here so in the next few weeks that is about a hundred million dollar a year in revenue that is not an guide.
Robert Livingston: Well, I always start first with the comment that my preference is to build the business and through capital allocation and will make the acquisitions that are right to help us build bigger businesses and better businesses within Dover. And my second comment is guess we don’t always control the timing of the opportunities. In fact if I remind people here it is rare for us to control the time and we get to say yes or no. I am a little cautious right now with respect to valuations because I think the sort of the down draft on public company valuations is not very well reflected in the - I would call it in private companies that maybe for sale. So we are being a bit cautious here with our outlook here over the next three or four months and then of course that brings up the question of share repurchases. And look, all I can tell you is look at our history we have been quite balanced between M&A and share repurchases over the last three or four years. You should expect us to be as discipline and balance over the next two or three as we have been over the last two or three, but we’re not announcing a share repurchase activity today perhaps more on that over the next two or three months.
Robert Livingston: Well, no you will see the bulk of those bookings have the revenue impact in Q1 but not all. I mean we do have a different order profile with some of our customers than we did with the Wal-Mart and I think we are well loaded with respect to - our factories are well loaded in their first quarter with respect to our forecast, but we are expecting to see this business and this segment return to a growth profile and in 2016 and we are pretty confident. I would add one further comment, last year we dealt with loss of significant chunk of business from Wal-Mart. We are not looking at Wal-Mart as the provider of our growth in 2016, in fact I think the guys are actually taking the Wal-Mart business down a little bit again in 2016, but with that we still believe we have got a good executable plan for growth within the Hillphoenix business and within the segment.
Robert Livingston: No, we closed 2015 pretty dead on about 3% price concessions for the whole segment and I’ve commented on the several times during 2015. The bulk of that we saw within our rods business and artificial lift and as well as our PVC insert business, with our drilling activity. We do include in our guide another 2% down on top of that is 2% incremental for the segment in 2016 and we feel pretty comfortable with that.
Robert Livingston: So, let’s say I told you that in the first three to four months of the year we are looking at a price of oil 30 or below 30s. For the recount I think low end of our guidance we see the rig count down 28% or 29%, at the high end point of our guidance it is down 25%, 26%.
Robert Livingston: More of it, what you need to recognize that included in the industrial platform is a business that we owned in 2015, that we still own today, that we are the process of divesting and it is about $100 million a year and that revenue for that businesses is taking out of our guidance in 2016 and I think you’ll note that is probably the most significant decline.
Robert Livingston: I would say we dealt with the bulk of the FX impact on our backlog in the first nine months of last year. I don’t think we have any exposure in our backlog beyond what we’re already guiding, which is another 2% headwind this year in FX and I should be sitting here with a smile on my face saying it is down from four to two, but still 2% is a pretty significant number for us, but again it is - we are such a book and ship business that you see it sure pretty quickly in revenue and I think we’ve got it covered.
Robert Livingston: I think if we - and it’s a good question Steve, I’d tell you that if we weren’t continuing to try to expand our customer service activity and we did in ‘15 and our plan in ‘16 is again to actually see an increase in product development spending within Energy, if we weren’t doing that you would see actually more benefits coming through from some of the restructuring actions we have taken in ‘15. In 2016, I think our guide we have; I think $20 million of restructuring charges in our guide for 2016, 80% of that’s probably in the first half Steve, there may be a little bit of trickle over into the third quarter, but 80% of it, I would say is in the first half. Of the 20 million probably 9 million of it is Energy. The balance of the 11, a little bit Refrigeration, but the balance of the $11 million is pretty evenly split between Fluids and Engineered Systems and if we see further deterioration in the Energy market - look we have got a - at some point in time we have this push versus pull of taking cost out versus continuing to invest for tomorrow and for being a better partner with our customers. And if we see further deterioration in the energy market that debate gets a bit harsher.
Robert Livingston: So, do I have a split between drilling and production, you will have to follow up with Paul and I don’t have that, I will tell you as a cover comment that through every single quarter in ‘16, our drilling activity was down year-over-year much more than our other upstream activity which is artificial lift and automation. I think our drilling activity in ‘16 was down 60% or 65%, significantly more than we saw in artificial lift and automation. I don’t know, does that give you a little bit color, but I don’t have the exact numbers Shannon.
Robert Livingston: We are monitoring that pretty closely, we continue to see what is the industry, looks like [ph] ducts drilled uncompleted, we continue to see the ducts inventory built during the third and fourth quarter, that’s always hard to forecast. For us it is something that we look at in our sort of our rear view mirror as the data gets released, but we do know that the activity is quite different between the basins here in North America. West Texas or the Permian basin is starting to see some increased completion of drilled, but previously uncompleted wells, we are not seeing that in the other basins and that’s our fourth quarter comment that’s not our first quarter comment.
Robert Livingston: You are referring to China, if the question is more of a general comment about China, I can’t see the improvement we just don’t see it, even when we talk to our folks on the ground there. I think the improvement we saw in the fourth quarter, I am going to trace it back to comments I have been making all year long it’s - we continue to look for opportunities or new product releases, a new product specific to China market, even with some of the restructuring activity that we have planned in the first three to five months of 2016 and this is [indiscernible] comment within the Fluid segment all of that restructuring is in Europe, People interestingly enough and some of the benefits that we will achieve with the restructuring of China is actually being reallocated to increase our customer facing and service capabilities in China, there are opportunities for growth but I am not going to label, I am not going got label the change we saw in a n fourth quarter is a grounds well changed.
Robert Livingston: Oh gosh, this is probably the - let’s not talk about the segment, it is specific, my comment would be very specific to Hillphoenix, I would say that this is always been a very price competitive market and we will see what happens in 2016 and 2017 where the change in ownership with our major competitor. Margins in the segment for the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter is historically, traditionally our weakest quarter of the year for margins for the segment. I think we saw that again in the fourth quarter of ‘15, but we do see a pretty good path going forward here in 2016 for margin improvement for the year.
Robert Livingston: We have some exposure, I am not sure what the percentage is, I think it may be less than we have in upstream, we have we have seen it in some of our fuel transfer product that’s deal with terminals and distribution I would say it was softer than expected in 2015 but I would label it as negative, we are taking cautious approach as we look at that part of the market in 2016 but I also point out that we also have this mid-stream exposure around Energy within our Energy segment in bearings and compression and we watch that pretty closely especially the OEM build rates around compressors and that was down in the second half of last year. We are not anticipating a recovery in fact I believe that the guys are actually see further decreases in OEM compressor build rates in 2016.
Robert Livingston: Look, you asked a question about the mid-stream but still the bulk of our by a large percentage, the bulk of our activity and fluids is not in upstream or mid-stream, the retail filling piece which is fairly significant and even more so now with the acquisition of Tokheim we view as solid around the globe in 2016, it has both market expansion opportunities as well as some significant drivers and safety and regulatory issues. And we have embedded within that platform, within our fluid transfer platform is our medical and our connector business or fluid connector business and that business I think had 7% or 8% organic growth in 2015 and is looking at something similar to that in 2016.
Brad Cerepak: Okay, sure, so the 16.5 at the midpoint, that’s an adjusted number, just to reiterate that. That’s excluding acquisition related activity but with respect to our segment, the core margin expansion is really coming from the other three segments. We see Energy year-over-year adjusted to adjust down into 2016 and I would say roughly, we would say the margin expectation in Energy is around 12% to 13% for 2016. I would say the way we see the year on Energy, reiterating what Bob said is that obviously year-over-year in the first quarter energy is going to be down significantly. I would say we should be thinking about energy more like the fourth quarter moving into the first quarter, sequentially being pretty much the same and as it relates to the rest of the year than as we see in our forecast some recovery in the average price per barrel of oil, is modest. We would see some further improvement throughout the year. As it relates to the other segments, year over year core margin expansions so the first quarter and into the year will look a lot like the sequence what we have seen in 2015, that is the way we think about it.
Brad Cerepak: Well, we had - as I reported we had a very strong fourth-quarter at Markem-Imaje organic growth for Markem-Imaje in the quarter was 4%. We actually ended up for the entire second half at 4%, we ended up at 5% organic for the full-year, but on top of that we had a very strong performance from MS, our textile printing business. And interestingly enough we didn’t get any contribution for our higher margin accusation JK in the fourth quarter because of our AD&A charges, but we were quite pleased with the performance of the printing and ID platform in the fourth quarter. I would add to that North America was strong for us in the fourth quarter.
Brad Cerepak: Well, if you look at the three regions North America, Europe and Asia, I’m doing this little bit from memory here, but I think North America was our strongest business and for Markem-Imaje in the fourth quarter perhaps followed by Europe and trailed by Asia.
Brad Cerepak: No, actually we were quite pleased with the performance from Engineered Systems in the quarter both platforms, both printing and ID as well as our industrial platform and did not see any evidence at all of destocking.
Brad Cerepak: Oh my goodness, I don’t have that detail with me the restructuring in the fourth quarter and energy was little over $4 million and I think that was - I think it was probably up $2 million slightly it was up about 2 million over what we thought we would do as we entered the quarter.
Andrew Obin: Just a question on pretty good industrial performance Printing and ID could you get us some color because it seems you guys did quite a bit better than Danaher reported this morning.
Andrew Obin: And could you just point to specific areas of strength that you were seeing as I said because I think the buy side and sell side are still gloomy in North American industrial and you guys are doing so well.
Andrew Obin: And if I may on other industrial business what trends are you seeing, are you seeing any destocking towards the end of the quarter, once again very strong performance.
Steven Winoker: Just a bit fire point to get on the Energy side what rate kind of assumption are you making in now for 2016 given this continued deterioration.
Steven Winoker: Okay, great that’s helpful thanks. And then if you breakout both the Engineered Systems the industrial peace within that on the pump side the things that were actually down…
Steven Winoker: Okay fine and then I was just thinking on the pumps side within Fluids the non-energy side you got industrial plastics and [indiscernible] et cetera what do you think in those areas.
Scott Davis: Hi guys, and sorry if you already answered this question. I don’t recall hearing you say what you’re pricing your backlog look like holistically, was it that you said it was flattish, I think your sector Energy was better than kind of expected but the price for oil.
Scott Davis: Yeah, I guess I was trying to get at the non-Energy stuff and see if there was some price deflation you’re seeing on those businesses.
Scott Davis: Okay that’s fair enough and then what is the FX impact on the backlog, has to be pretty substantial I would think so trying to get some granularity there.
