Richard Tobin: Thanks, Brad. Let's take a look at the outlooks on Slide 9. We're entering the year with encouraging backlog and a constructive demand environment across the majority of our markets, allowing us to forecast organic growth of 2% to 3%, which I'll cover in detail on the next slide. Adjusted EPS is forecasted to be $6.20 to $6.40 a share as a result of solid revenue conversion and our previously announced cost savings initiatives. We expect earnings growth to modestly levered in the second half as a result of seasonality and timing of productivity measures. We expect another strong year of cash flow conversion of 85% to 90% of adjusted net earnings despite higher spending on capital investment. Engineered Products is expected to grow 3% to 5% organically on continued strength in waste handling, vehicle services and our aerospace and defense business. Fueling Solution is expected to have a slower 2020 compared to the strong past couple of years as the underground upgrade cycle in China rolls off. EMV activity in the U.S. has picked up, and we expect to gain better visibility in the next couple of quarters about potential upside here. Imaging & ID is expected to grow 2% to 3%, with the outlook largely dependent on conditions in Asia for both marking and coding and textile printing. Pumps and Process Solutions enters the year with a very strong backlog, and we expect it to grow 3% to 5% geared towards the second half. And finally, in -- Refrigeration & Food Equipment is expected to grow modestly in 2020. We are entering the year with a very strong backlog, but the trajectory of the past two years calls for caution early in the year. Overall, our multi-industrial portfolio with significant share of aftermarket component and service and software revenue is expected to deliver healthy growth in what continues to be an uncertain macro environment. Go to Slide 11. Dover's strategy is simple, but our aspirations are ambitious. We laid out key priorities in 2018 and are tracking very well, delivering against those. We plan to advance the same strategy further in 2020. First, you can see from the result of our rightsizing and operational improvement in our bottom line and our cash flow. We achieved target margin performance in our Fueling business. In 2020, we'll continue with the previously announced $50 million cost reduction program as well as our ongoing footprint and productivity programs in Dover food retail. Coupled with healthy growth in conversion, these actions will continue providing a margin accretion tailwind. Our business has sustained strong growth while taking costs out and working on the productivity, all under uncertain macro conditions. And our top priority in capital deployment is organic reinvestment. We initiated several growth and productivity capital projects and are starting investments in our can forming and heat exchanger businesses to capture growing volumes and upgrade competitive capabilities. Part of our SG&A reduction program was reinvested into various growth, R&D and digital initiatives, and we will continue investing in world-class digital and operational capabilities in 2020. Lastly, we committed to disciplined portfolio-enhancing M&A. Over the last 12 months, we have consummated four bolt-on, high-fit accretive proprietary transactions in the priority areas of our portfolio. The M&A pipeline remains active going into 2020. On a final note, I'd like to address the inevitable coronavirus questions as best I can at this early stage of developments. First and foremost, we have been in regular contact with our in-country employees and have issued policy guidance using our experience from the SARS time period. We have also put in appropriate travel policies company-wide. Our production sites had planned to be down from January 24 to 30 for Chinese New Year, but we expect to remain down through February 9 in most sites as a result of cantonal-enacted safety measures. In preparation for Chinese New Year, Dover and our supplier network had built inventory to cover this period as normal practice, but we are working closely with our global supply base on potential mitigation strategies actively. I would like to thank everybody at Dover for delivering a strong year and the hard work, setting us up for a good outlook of 2020. And that's it and hand it over to you, Andrey, for Q&A.
Richard Tobin: Well, I think on the can forming, for sure. And on the case side of the Refrigeration business, yes. On the systems and service portion, no because that tends to be relatively short cycle in terms of -- it really doesn't carry much of a backlog. So I think we feel pretty good about the case door backlog that we have going into the year. And I think that we feel good about Belvac, and I think that we feel reasonably good on SWEP on the heat exchangers.
Richard Tobin: It wasn't as much the labor issues that we've had. I think those moderated in case door production. I think that if we had any disappointment during the quarter was in unified brands. We had the orders. We could have shipped, but we're in the middle of doing a plant consolidation, and our performance has been a little bit lumpy there. So I think that we've got some of our labor issues behind us in case door, leading into automation. And I think that from what I've seen, at least at the beginning of this year, the unified brands has begun -- their shipment rates have gone back up. So I think we're okay there also.
Richard Tobin: That organization has been under a lot of stress. But in this particular case, we will be building inventory for the transition through the first six months of the year. So I think it's going to be a little bit challenged from a working capital point of view. We'll be getting the beta units off within next month or so. And then our target is to -- the cutover of manufacturing on a single product line in approximately June. But as we mentioned before, we're not -- this automation project is not running inside the existing assembly operations of case door. So we don't expect to have any downtime associated with the start-up. It's just the costs associated with the start-up, including the working capital build.
Richard Tobin: I think that we've got better visibility than we have had, I guess, previously. I sell part and parcel to -- reaching our exit margins is some confidence in terms of what we have in the backlog and the margin that we should generate off of it. So it's not predicated completely on cost reduction as a result of labor content and assembly.
Richard Tobin: I think that we -- well, we need to parse some of the pieces. But if you go back and listen -- when you read the transcript, I think that we are being cautious with that particular segment because the fact of the matter is it needs to demonstrate a couple of quarters of getting its feet under it. But I think that the part that we're going to wait and see mode is on the systems and service portion of the portfolio. We're confident that case door should be up year-over-year. We -- as I mentioned, we feel we feel good about SWEP and we feel good about Belvac and then we'll see.
Richard Tobin: I guess there could be, but I don't have it in front of me, right? But there are -- there's a bunch of costs that we did take during the quarter that -- because of both the transitions largely in UB this time around that we could normalize, but I don't want to give out -- that's like -- well, if this didn't count, this is what our margin would be. I just can't give you an idea of what we expect it to be in 2020 without recasting the quarter. We're just going to have to take our lumps. We're not happy with the performance, but we think we've got some good line of sight on the non-Refrigeration portion of the portfolio, and it's up to us to deliver on the Refrigeration piece.
Richard Tobin: Independent of our business. So the software deals that we've done, our comp are highly complementary both to MI and to ESG. I think that we paid a fair price, but the fact of the matter is that software commands a higher multiple.
Richard Tobin: Let's take the second question first. Yes, on the $50 million. To spread it evenly through the year, I think, is the safest bet. It's not incredibly material to the overall earnings. But I get it, it's material to the year-over-year projected change. Look, I think that I would -- I don't think it's going to be disproportionate in terms of the revenue growth. But clearly, we need to see where we are on pumps -- on industrial pumps in Q1. We know that Maag and DPC are going to be levered because those are bigger projects. So there's some caution in those two particular businesses. The upside is EMV, right? So if we take -- if we go back and take a look at Q4, I think we were a little bit disappointed in the demand. I think we had signaled that the industrial pumps was slowing at the end of Q3. It's slowed quite a bit, as you can see in Q4. So that was kind of a disappointment versus what our forecasts were. But we overdelivered to such an extent in EMV and kind of net neutralized where we were. On DF, I think that the earnings are back-end loaded, not necessarily the revenue because we've got some pretty healthy backlogs on Refrigeration.
Richard Tobin: I think that the CapEx is our best estimate at this time. I think that we would prefer the weighting towards inorganic investment to go up and capital return to go down. But if we're not spending it on one side, then it's going to come back on the other side.
Richard Tobin: Our biopharma business, we expect to again grow in double digits. I think that our caution is around industrial pumps. We have good backlogs on a project basis in Maag, so we feel good about that. And then DPC, we're betting on a little bit of return to growth largely in the second half. So I think we've got -- it's a glass half full scenario. We've got some backlogs on our project-related businesses that to the extent everything remains firm, we'll deliver on those. We're going to be a little bit cautious on industrial pump demand until we see and interact with our dealers a little bit about where they stand in their stocking levels and the like. So I think that, that gives us some confidence that the only risk that we're taking in terms of the growth is largely on the industrial pump side.
Richard Tobin: Yes, 2020. I guess if we look at Q4, you could make an argument that the phasing of the demand could be pulled into 2020, but we don't have enough data. It allows us to say, let's move that number up in terms of how it extrapolates into revenue. But clearly, what's happening is, as you can read the newspaper every day, you're getting now the first instances of credit card fraud at retail operations. And once you have that, that kind of jolts a lot of people into action. So I think that's the phenomenon that we see.
Richard Tobin: Well, the absolute value of the new segment in terms of backlog is up, but that is weighted towards DPC and Maag, which tend to be project-driven, so we've got some line of sight on that. The industrial portion of the business outside of biopharma is flat, and that's also where the vast majority of the revenue stream goes through distribution. So as I mentioned earlier, we saw an amount of inventory management going into Q4. We need to see where we stand, and we need to get a quarter under our belt to kind of -- so I think that we're cautious about industrial -- on the industrial pump demand. But I think we think -- we feel good about biopharma and we feel good about Maag just based on the backlog.
Richard Tobin: I think we're still spending on the brand-new site for our biopharma business that is going to roll off. So as Brad mentioned before, we underspent our guidance on CapEx. One of the reasons that we did was I think we underestimated how cold it is in Minneapolis to get that building stood up, so part of the spending has rolled into 2020. That, to me, is a one-timer, and we don't have anything like that. So we really have 2 or 3 really big projects running through our CapEx spending now. I think we highlighted them in 2018. Using round figures, in aggregate, that is close to between $90 million and $100 million of CapEx spend. We probably spent 60% -- 50% to 60% in 2019. We're going to roll forward to 40%. Unless we come up with another project that says -- for the brand-new building, based on growth, I would expect that amount of CapEx to come down as a percent of revenue.
Richard Tobin: It's very Asia dependent. And just forget the recent news around Asia. Asia had slowed progressively in that particular sector. I'm talking about the Printing & ID portion of the business throughout 2019. So I think we're relatively cautious about expectation there, quite frankly, going into '20. We didn't make some deliveries that we thought we were going to make in digital printing in Q4 because of financing, letters of credit and the like. So part and parcel to that growth rate for '20 is somewhat levered on to the textile printing business because we believe that the orders are there. We just need to sort out some of the financing on it. So it's hard to say. I mean I think that's a question that we can probably answer at the end of Q1 once we see what's actually happening in Asia on the printing and ID side to say whether we're going to have an inflection point. Having said that, we've just invested in a complementary revenue stream for Markem-Imaje. So let's see what we can do with that going forward.
Richard Tobin: I'm sure the management team is not going to like when I say this, but the productivity issue never goes away, right? So what we're going to grind out in '20 is our expectation to grind down in '21 and going forward. And that's why we're investing quite a bit in our digital efforts and our back office efforts and a variety of other things. So we're taking the P&L cost of investing in those areas with the expectation that we can grind out the productivity in the following years. So that really doesn't go away. We actually have spent a considerable amount of time on our portfolio. It hasn't translated into a lot of inorganic activity, but it's not from a lack of trying.
Richard Tobin: In percentage terms, I don't recall. I think it was $50 million more or less in terms of absolute revenue.
Richard Tobin: $143 million of equity back this year just because we haven't been deploying it inorganically. My preference in '20 would be the proportionality of inorganic investment to rise. But if we can't deploy it efficiently with high returns, then you can expect the same.
Richard Tobin: I think they were neutral on year-over-year input costs right now. I think that we've got -- we picked up, I think, the year-over-year benefit on inputs in the second half of 2019. So our expectation is relatively neutral, and we think that pricing should be in excess of inflationary inputs, which includes labor, is really our goal.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I think that what we're taking out of the $50 million has nothing to do with the demand cycle. So that $50 million is just core reduction of costs. If the demand cycle was to turn against us, clearly, we would take action on our cost base.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Our previous estimates was the peak amount would be 2020 and they would have reduced progressively in '21 and '22, more or less about 30% a year. Based on the exit rate that we saw in the fourth quarter, there's an argument to be made that it may be higher in 2020 and '21 because of adoption rates. But look, we only have one quarter of data point to model it. But I think that, as I mentioned, if you heard during the presentation, we know that we've got a headwind in China demand on the underground side. We may have a tailwind on EMV, but we'd like to get a quarter under our belt to see how that's progressing.
Richard Tobin: Look, I mean we're committed to intervening on the cost base, and this is the year when it takes place, Steve. So I think that we're going to run it for the year. I think that where we're intervening is where our backlog is the strongest. So that gives us some pause for success. There are tertiary pieces of the Refrigeration side that we're taking a look at that not -- actively not kind of the production of case door. But on the case door side, I think that this is the year that we got to deliver, quite frankly.
