Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Paula. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s third quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today’s call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s third quarter operating and financial performance, and follow with an outlook for the remainder of 2016. We will then open up the call to questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, Form 10-Q, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through November 2, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 88535285. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. As a reminder, we have lots of people in queue so I’d like to remind you - please you get one question with one follow-up and with that, Paula if we can have the first question.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Paula. This concludes our conference call. With that we want to thank you once again for your continued interest in Dover and we will look forward to speaking with you again next quarter and just a reminder, our Investor Day will be in early December and we will send out invitations for that. Have a good day.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Our third quarter results were disappointing. As the continuing weak macro environment further declines in longer cycle oil and gas applications and production inefficiencies and our retail refrigeration business impacted both volume and earnings. These results were well below our expectations, and more than offset solid improvements in our upstream drilling and production businesses, as well as continued strong performance in our Printing & Identification platform. From a geographic perspective our US and China activity declined organically, both sequentially and year-over-year. On an organic basis our European markets improved sequentially and year-over-year. Within Energy, revenue was up 5% sequentially largely within our drilling and production markets, this improvement was driven by increases in the North American rig count principally in the Permian. The recent trends in rig count and oil price are constructive and supportive of continued near term improvement in our early cycle businesses. That said, within this segment we continue to be challenged in longer cycle applications. Engineered systems organic growth of 1% was driven by another strong quarter in Printing and Identification which posted organic growth of 5%. And the Industrial Platform organic revenue declined 2%, though our vehicle service equipment business had a very strong quarter. Fluids posted 17% revenue growth driven by acquisitions. However our organic revenue declined of 9% reflects activity reductions in our businesses with longer cycle oil and gas exposure as well as tough comps. Lastly, growth in retail fueling was less than anticipated while our businesses serving to hygienic and pharma markets continue to show very strong growth. Refrigeration and food equipment revenue declined 2% organically principally driven by tough comps and can-shaping equipment. Margin performance was well below expectations at Hillphoenix primarily driven by production challenges in case manufacturing. We continue to implement changes to improve the business. Regarding acquisitions we have closed two deals since our last earning call both in Engineered Systems. We added a small Automation and Data Analytics business and also acquired a European Lift business. The addition of the lift business gives us a $500 million platform into growing vehicle service equipment market. We also recently announced that the Wayne acquisition due to an extended regulatory review in the UK will now likely close in the first quarter. Our teams are actively exploring measures to satisfy the regulators’ concerns as quickly as possible, this matter relates only to the UK dispenser business which is very small in the context of the transaction. Now looking forward. Within Energy, we are encouraged by the recent improvements in North American rig count and oil prices and believe both are constructive for continued near term improvements in our business. That said we anticipate our longer cycle oil and gas related businesses to remain sequentially flat. In Engineered Systems, we anticipate activity and our industrial platform to remain soft due to a challenging macro industrial environment as well as from activity deferrals, as some customers push out order delivery in 2017. We expect our Printing and ID platform to have strong growth. Fluids overall growth will be less than we expected in our prior forecast, driven by continued weak longer cycle oil and gas markets as well as CapEx reductions like integrated energy customers. We expect the strong growth we’ve seen in our hygienic and pharma markets to continue. Finally within Refrigeration and Food Equipment, we expect customer spending to slow as we close out the year. We also expect margin challenges to continue as we work to improve manufacturing at Hillphoenix. And with that, I’d like to turn it over to Brad.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As I look back over the last 18 months our results certainly haven’t been up to our expectations. That being said, I don’t want to lose sight of the many positive achievements our businesses have made over this time. In Energy, we effectively managed to recycle that saw a US rig count drop from 1,200 to 400 in six quarters. Through this down cycle we streamlined our business while maintaining strong service levels. We are now very well position to service our customers as activity in North America upstream markets improve. In Engineered Systems, we have expanded our Printing and Identification platform which has historically been a strong performer. Our industrial platform has also performed very well over the last few years, though facing some tough comps this year. I’m excited about what we’ve done in this segment especially with our recent acquisitions. Within Fluids, we have built a strong plastics and polymer. We are also in the process of building a world class retail fueling business. Our Fluids performance will improve through ongoing integrations and the addition of Wayne. Lastly, in Refrigeration and Food Equipment, we’ve done a good job diversifying our customer base and growing share with several customers. While this new business has certainly put stress on manufacturing, we have executed well on customer service, quality and delivery times. As previously noted, we have added scale in several markets where we see strong growth potential. In addition, we’ve further focused our business by divesting non-core assets. In all, our recent acquisitions combined with Wayne will add over $700 million in revenue next year. These deals together with a continuing recovery in upstream oil and gas markets and our commitment to improve margins give me confidence we are on the right path. With that, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for staying focused on our customers. Now Paul let’s take some questions.
Bob Livingston: Well I would start first by saying I don’t - with everything we’re looking at with respect to our planning for 2017, we are not assuming that we are going to have price increases.
Bob Livingston: Yes, we don’t see further price degradation in 2017, Scott but we surely are not planning on price increases. But to the heart of your question with respect to the incremental margins in a recovery phase. I would say in the early months of the recovery let’s say at least the first six months, we are going to be quite diligent and not adding any cost unless they’re absolutely required to service the customer. So I think as we see, a 10%, 15%, maybe even up to a 20% increase in volume. We will not be adding the cost base back like we would have had in 2014. I think as you get behind the flex point of the manufacturing capability and you’ll see us adding some cost. But I think in the first few months of the recovery you’ll see incremental margins that will be quite attractive.
Bob Livingston: Well no, actually volumes aren’t light, Scott. In fact I was pretty pleased with the bookings at Hillphoenix in the third quarter and I will tell you that maybe I’m being a bit cautious here but the booking, the order rates, the booking rates here in October are coming at a bit stronger than we had anticipated for a normal fourth quarter order run rate.
Bob Livingston: I’ll give you a number. We measure this with respect to their production variances. The cost for us in the third quarter for these production variances at Hillphoenix was $6 million.
Bob Livingston: Longer term, we’re looking at I would label it as product design opportunities but that’s not impacting our product flow today. It is just unbelievable how much the, I call it the mix complexity has changed at Hillphoenix over the last six and nine months and as we hit the seasonal ramp period here in late second quarter and in the third quarter that complexity really did hammer us, Steve.
Bob Livingston: And by the way when you Hillphoenix has always made money, look we’re still making money, which is not to our expectations. I’m not just saying my expectations we’re not operating at Hillphoenix’s expectations.
Bob Livingston: Well, your comment about share loss I would say that one is behind us because you’re referring to the loss of the business at Walmart.
Bob Livingston: Okay, I will tell you that aside from the Walmart global bid that we lost the chunk of business and we have not lost share with other customers, we’ve been gaining share.
Bob Livingston: [Indiscernible] business was divested in the fourth quarter of last year and if I remember correctly, I think.
Bob Livingston: I think you’ll see us having the two key areas that I’ve mentioned here around the integrity of the comp [ph] bond releases and the integrity of the holding the production schedule. I think you’ll see us have that completed here in the three or four months.
Bob Livingston: Look the biggest year-over-year decline within fluids that we’ve experienced has been in the applications and the businesses that are either in the upstream or the midstream oil and gas markets. And when I shared that comment I’m including what we would label internally as our transportation activity around railcar, tank cars as well as terminal loading arms. And the bulk of that decline has been in North America, that decline has been fairly significant. I think year-over-year if I rolled all of that together it’s probably down about 23%, 25% and it’s about this oil and gas exposure is about 22%, 23% of the segment when I include transportation. We’re not expecting any recovery in the fourth quarter that I can tell you. I think the outlook for 2017 in this part of the business is going to be dependent upon further recoveries in the upstream oil and gas market and I think we’ll have a better feel for that as we move through the fourth quarter.
Bob Livingston: We will provide our outlook and some detail in this part of the business at our investor dinner in December.
Bob Livingston: Okay with respect to sequential trends third to fourth. We expect Energy to be up a bit on the top line more than that improvement on the bottom line. We expect Fluids to continue to have growth sequentially into the fourth quarter and.
Bob Livingston: Yes and I would tell you that the bulk of not all of it, but a significant chunk of it maybe 60% of the growth we’re seeing in fluids from the third to the fourth is retail fueling.
Bob Livingston: And MOG [ph] pump. DES will be up, but I would say that’s probably all related to the acquisition, I think organically, DES is probably flat. We’ll see continued growth in our product ID platform and maybe very modest decline organically in our industrial platform and refrigeration segment is down but it always is, it’s seasonally down.
Bob Livingston: Yes, you pulled out a good example here with our Product ID business especially [indiscernible] and number one I think we commented on this a couple times earlier this year with respect to both China, what we’ve seen in China over the last couple of years and in Europe and I think we’re seeing it here in the states, here over the last six months or so a clear difference in customer spending of what I call OpEx items versus CapEx items and I label our market and coating business as an OpEx item. It is interesting when you look at our order trends during the third quarter what did give me some pause as we close the quarter, was September order rates were actually less than August. That’s a bit unusual for us. We have really peeled that to try to understand what’s going on and where we’re seeing it, but and again I’m going to repeat it September order rates were less than August, that’s giving us a little bit. I call it pause for I guess maybe I hope what proves to be a bit of a cautious approach with respect to our fourth quarter guidance. If I were to share with you some early reads here in October. October order trends are actually a little bit better than we expected.
Bob Livingston: And that’s across the board. I would tell you something else we started to see here in the second quarter or in the third quarter. Not only with orders that were in our backlog but with new orders, we can pretty easily circle about $50 million of revenue that was expected to ship either in the third quarter or the fourth quarter where customers have pushed it out to 2017. It’s not anything significant with any individual business but collectively the number surprise me.
Bob Livingston: We have an indication, but we don’t get enough, I call it specifics until a little bit later in the year. And help me with the number. We did see within the Hillphoenix backlog, I think about a $1 million worth of orders and maybe it may have been bit less but there was something, it wasn’t a bit number but we did see it.
Bob Livingston: Well let me, give you a perhaps a better definition of what I refer to when I say our early cycle applications and it really is drilling and artificial lift, Jeff. When I label our early cycle applications, our longer cycle applications yes is bearings and compression as well as our wench business.
Bob Livingston: This is not deteriorated since the second quarter. And our bearings and compression business and third and fourth quarter, we actually see a very, very modest. In fact it’s so modest, you have to call it flat. Flat performance from the third to the fourth and our bearings and compression business and slightly improved margins.
Bob Livingston: Yes, there was an increase in activity in the third quarter on the completion of wells. Let me give you a data point here at comp. so if I look at rig count, second quarter to third quarter and my number is going to be the poorly average from second quarter to third quarter. The rig count was up I think 14% and in our early cycle applications around drilling and artificial lift combined, the growth in that part of the business was almost identical to the increase in the rig count. It correlated very, very well, Jeff. We would expect that correlation to hold true for October and November as well. We’re being a bit cautious here in our outlook for energy with respect to the month of December. We have some concerns that we are going to see something similar to last year, when customers went really quite for the last two weeks of December and in fact many of our customers actually did not take product delivery at all through the final two weeks of the year. I don’t know if we’re going to see that same phenomenon again this year, but we do expect a little bit of slowing in activity in December and it’s not connected to rig count per se, it’s just connected to customer spending and I call it balance sheet management.
Bob Livingston: Okay, there was a net draw down, I don’t have a number but I think it was significant relative to what we’ve seen over the last three or four quarters. I think, the net draw - and we haven’t seen the final data on that. But I think the net draw down on ducts [ph] in the third quarter could be approaching a 1,000 wells. You have to appreciate that 20%, 22% better than 20% I think it maybe 22% or 23% of our artificial lift business is outside of North America and that especially in the Middle East and Latin America in the third quarter, we actually saw, I think a small single-digit decline year-over-year in our non-North American business and our US artificial lift business the, it was a little bit better than the rig count increase.
Bob Livingston: It depends, I think it somewhat depended upon the sector. I think what we continue to see in our longer cycle, oil and gas applications is continuing budget cuts and I’m not so sure that the customers are actually cutting their CapEx budgets but are being reallocated. We are convinced that’s happening a little bit here in North America with respect to the EMV rollout, even though we in our OPW legacy business have shown organic growth year-to-date and we’ll show it for the year. It is less than expected and we are rather certain that part of that reduction is being diverted to the EMV rollout. So they’re not necessarily cutting their budgets but reallocating where some of the CapEx spending is going. In the industrial that one’s a tougher one to call, Nigel. The orders do seem to be closing a bit longer, the cycle is a bit longer and as I mentioned earlier the push outs that we’ve seen over the last couple of months, I made the comment to Brad just recently, we’d go back several years before we would find a quarter really saw that level of push out activity.
Bob Livingston: Let me maybe correct that, when we say ex-acquisition and deal cost, maybe that number is also ex-restructuring. It’s all out, its ex-restructuring acquisitions and deal cost.
Bob Livingston: Amazon is a customer of Hillphoenix, we are working with them pretty closely on their distribution centers and I know that guys are having discussions on their, I call them their neighbourhood rollout program.
Bob Livingston: They can’t even size it for us. Deane. From a timing perspective, I doubt you would see anything measurable in our business before the second half of next year and that’s a guess rate now based upon what little bit we know that’s been shared with us.
Bob Livingston: I would say, you’ll see that gap closed, maybe not all in the first quarter but it will close in the first four months.
Brad Cerepak: No, I would just say that’s a view versus our expectations and year-over-year the team continues to make progress. I mean I would say the added piece I would say is that the production through the facility year-over-year is not abnormal. And what I mean by that is that, the production cost seem to be fairly in line it’s where our expectations are much higher for further productivity.
Brad Cerepak: Keep in mind we do have a disposition in there that you have to take out when you do your comparisons.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, I would interject on there. I think from our last views on Tokheim we probably see a softer sales number now for the year of about $10 million to $15 million and it’s impacting us about $0.02 in the acquisition line but as Bob said it’s really more the emerging markets part of Tokheim.
Brad Cerepak: We have a lot to say in December but you’re right. I mean I would echo some of things you’re saying. And we do see a lower restructuring spend next year. We expect 40 to 44 this year, we always have restructuring so not giving guidance today but it’s always been put aside tough markets 15 to 20.
Brad Cerepak: So that will be lower, we have carryover benefits on restructuring which will take us into 2017 my rough number would say that’s about $30 million. I think we’ve said that before, we still see that as an opportunity. You’re right the acquisitions will be better for us next year. We do have Wayne slipping out now best estimate its first quarter, we were hopeful to get that done this year and get some of the final expenses and not only the final expenses but I would say the early amortization step ups through the P&L and the first part of the fourth quarter here, that will now hit us in 2017. And I think there will be a lot more to talk about in terms of the integration and the synergy benefits there as we get into December, but too early really to pin point a number, we have to first close the deal.
Brad Cerepak: Well I’ll take the last one, first and then Bob can talk sequentially, but probably the segment would be best. You know that compensation, when you think about that investment and comp line, I would say half of it is comp, half of it is just holding back on some adds that we would have normally have done this time of year going into next year. And I would say it’s 50-50 split between the third and the fourth, we trueup [ph] comp accruals every quarter and so year-to-date updated that during the third quarter and you’ll see a little bit of that coming through in the fourth on that comp line. As far as.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, well it’s going to be Steve around $230 million to $240 million. It’s down significantly due to the emerging markets mainly China as we talked about before. Sequentially Tokheim had second quarter into third quarter 13% growth rate, this is the seasonality of that business and we see that continuing into the fourth quarter with about 10% sequentially on Tokheim specifically 4%.
Brad Cerepak: For the segment, that’s on the strength of some tenders we won, we’ll see them ship in the fourth quarter into 2017 by the way. So 2017 in Tokheim I think will have better comps, a better opportunity for us.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. I don’t want to say too much about timing on other things but as you know we’ve always communicated that there are parts of the portfolio that given the right opportunity perhaps, we would love to do something once, now that’s the best I could tell you at this point.
Jeffrey Sprague: A couple things, just on oil back to energy specifically. Just a couple pieces of color I’m looking for. First you commented about long cycle weakness. I’m wondering if that’s a comment away from the drilling and production numbers in the bearings and compression, can you just elaborate on that first.
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes, I would have guessed and correct me if I’m wrong but what you said there about you’re up 14 tracking to rig count up 14 implies I guess no net draw down on ducts [ph] in the quarter and I guess I would have thought that in my cap.
Jeffrey Sprague: And just finally I’m sorry, if I could sneak one in, you gave us in the bridge kind of the fuel cost impact in Fluids, but can you give us the sense of what the overall mix effects of all the M&A is in Fluids, if you can parse that down to kind of almost the same store sales basis on the core underlying Fluids.
Nigel Coe: Yes, we caught a lot of grounds so couple of clean ups from me. So just going back to Andrew’s question about the sort of 30,000 foot macro view, what you hearing from customers? I mean, are we seeing budgets to third or budget cuts or is there some softening in the solution channels, where we are seeing some inventory headwinds, I mean any color there will be very helpful.
Nigel Coe: Yes, that’s the [indiscernible] of my question. I’m just trying to figure out what caused that to happen this quarter as oppose to maybe first half of the year. Yes, okay.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great and then just on the fluids margins. You know in previous calls you call out the impact of acquisitions it’s obviously lot of noise in that number. So I’m just wondering if you can give us.
Nigel Coe: Right, and then just a quick one on the Energy, you know the comments in your prepared remarks seems to point us to minus 26% or there are about on your full year guide, but then you commented about the December caution. So the reason for the range on energy, the wide range of energy would be because of the December caution perhaps.
Julian Mitchell: Welcome. I’m glad to hear it. Just on the refrigeration again, really on the top line and I guess there doesn’t seem to have been much linkage so far between the year-on-year change in organic orders and the year-on-year change in organic sales, orders have been trending pretty good I think organically up about 5%.
Julian Mitchell: Understood and then just within the energy business the pricing pressure I guess has been stable at around 1.8% in the last couple of quarters.
Julian Mitchell: That’s the good rate for next year, okay. And that should be the good rate for next year, is that what you meant by no sort of further degradation earlier on.
