Richard J. Tobin: Thanks, Andrey. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for this morning's conference call. Let's get started on slide 3. Q2 organic revenue was up nearly 3% for the quarter, driven by continued strong performance in our Fluids segment at 7% with all markets contributing to comparable growth and solid trading conditions in the industrials platform within Engineering Systems, which were able to more than offset forecasted slowdown driven by timing in our digital print business that I'll get into later in the presentation. Refrigeration & Food Equipment was short of projections principally as a result of tougher trading conditions in Asia for heat exchangers as well as refrigeration systems demand. Forecasted demand and recent customer wins particularly in retail refrigeration case and door give us confidence for an improved second half of the year. Adjusted segment earnings increased 13% to $311 million, contributing to 190 basis point improvement in operating margin over the comparable period. These results were driven by a strong revenue conversion in Engineered Systems and Fluids on volume leverage, good product mix, coupled with improvements in productivity and tight cost controls, more than offsetting raw material and labor cost inflation. Adjusted Q2 earnings were up 15% to $229 million and adjusted EPS at $1.56 a share was up 20%. As announced, we completed the acquisition of All-Flo Pump Co., a growing manufacturer of specialty pumps. This acquisition strengthens our leading position in the growing segment of positive displacement pumps for critical fluid transfer applications. Overall, we're encouraged by the results in the second quarter and the first half of 2019. Demand remains constructive across much of the portfolio. Our rightsizing and operational actions are yielding robust margin improvement. Dover entered the second half with a solid order backlog augmented by recent customer wins and as well as strong momentum and execution towards margin targets. And as a result, we are tightening the top half of our previous full year adjusted EPS guidance range to $5.75 to $5.85 per share. Now that's it for the opening comments. I'll pass it to Brad and then come back with the segment color.
Richard J. Tobin: Okay. Sure. If we were to normalize our revenue through the quarters, the effect of printing – of digital printing on the quarter was a little bit in excess of 0.5 point of organic growth. So, I mean, we knew this was coming – 
Richard J. Tobin: Yeah. For the total corporation that is not just the segment. Look, we knew this was coming. I can tell you that the feedback that we get in terms of orders in the pipeline is very encouraging. I think that we are very conservative of how we recognize bookings in that particular segment, but we're talking about two million euro – dollar pieces of equipment. So we wait until we have letters of credits in place and a variety of other things before we put them into backlog. I would expect that, we'll book a decent portion of that in Q3. But I can tell you that, we've already begun to ship in Q3 in that particular sector. So we're – that's why we're confident in terms of the bulk of margin impact on the segment in the second half. As it relates to MI in total, MI had a very good Q1. It was slightly slower in Q2 largely driven by Asia. They had another very good month another good month or quarter in Europe. Our full year expectations is for growth to come back modestly in MI, but margin accretion to be robust in the second half.
Richard J. Tobin: No. Look I think the way – what we have is – we have to separate this segment into its component parts, right? So let's put heat exchangers to the side for a moment. What we're saying is on the systems business of refrigeration that's been slow. So that is disproportionate amount of the decline in the bookings. The bookings on case and door on the other hand are up significantly and our production has ramped up significantly in case and door. Unfortunately, during the quarter that is – because of the labor intensity of that product line, a significant volume ramp comes at some cost that quite frankly we struggled with and coupled with that we had a supplier that went belly up in the middle of the transition. So I think overall it cost us approximately $4 million to $5 million in the quarter kind of let's call that frictional costs with the ramp-up. We will do better going forward from here. But at the end of the day, I think that, we're pleased with our ability to compete in the marketplace. We're pleased that the order volume is ramping in door and case. So retail refrigeration is actually moving up right now, but it's absolutely clear in order to change the profitability aspect of this business, we've got to get this automation complete. So we're kind of keeping two balls in the air where we're gaining market share in door and case. We like the way the business is moving. It's going to come at some cost, so we don't have a lot of significant margin accretion associated with that. We'll get some absolute profit increase on the volume. But the margin accretion, I think until we change how we run this business in terms of SKU management and commonality of component parts that's really what's going to trigger.
Richard J. Tobin: Steve, I don't know that question. I'd have to go back to the guys and we'd have to see the segmentation of the individual markets that they sell into.
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. I mean, SWEP was $4 million, so somewhere between $4 million and $8 million probably in the quarter.
Richard J. Tobin: Well, I mean, I think it's benefit just because of our participation in the markets with our critical components that our price cost versus tariffs has been positive, number one. Number two, you can read in the paper every day about people readdressing the supply chains and we are the beneficiary of that just because we're a component supplier that's levered largely to North American production. Conversely at the end of the day, I'm not -- I don't want to take this as a conflict I'm positive on tariffs. I think that it's just been -- we've been positioned appropriately, just because of the nature of our business so far. But to the extent that those tariffs cause a significant slowdown in Asia then as you can see from the results that we have here, then ultimately it becomes a little bit of a negative on our revenue streams in Asia. But on the North American side of the business, it had been positive both from a price realization point of view and a volume point of view.
Richard J. Tobin: Look. I mean, it is a collection of businesses and there's a variety of things going on, right? We've got a high-growth business that's sitting in with biopharma that's growing in high teens, let's call it and it has been for some period of time. So you've got a high growth and high margin, so you've got that portion of the portfolio. We think that we have a pumps franchise that is able to compete both macro growth and from a competitive point of view. So there is an element of share gain, despite the fact that those -- trying to calculate share gain in a very dispersed business is difficult. We believe that we're winning in the marketplace in that particular side. And on the Fluids side of the business, we've got a best-in-class underground franchise that is driven by regulatory growth and I would say that we're probably gaining market share. There also and most importantly as we had highlighted last year, I think that our aboveground business improved margins -- comparable margins by 400 basis points quarter-to-quarter. So basically, we are on track to meet what we said by exit this year. So you've got a high-growth element and then you've got some niche franchises. We are winning in the marketplace and you've got one big piece of the business that is improving their margins dramatically.
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. Look I think that the range that we had for exit is 15% to 17%. I said, we were tracking towards the bottom. Can we beat it? Sure, we can. But let's walk through another quarter or so and see where we are. But I think that we're not out of the woods from a comp point of view before we get excited about the margin comparison, but I think the team is on it. And clearly, a 400 basis point accretion in the comparable quarter is great and it puts us on the trajectory to meet those exit numbers. The backlog is there, so it's supportive. At the end of the day that is a -- to me that is a midterm target for that particular business, because even at exit, when we comp it against the competition, we've got some room to go. But so far, so good and we're very pleased with the effort of that particular business to grind it out.
Richard J. Tobin: Look we feel good about ESG for the year. So I think clearly that when we're looking for that business to slow down, we don't think it's going to this year. We're booked pretty much through the end of Q3. We're waiting on a few orders and backlogs. So hopefully by the time we do this again in another 90 days that the backlog will actually probably stay even to go up slightly, which would solidify the full year. We're very pleased with the growth that we're getting out of the software franchise, so we'd noted that. That particular piece of the business has grown 20%. And it's not margin accretive yet, because it's just on installs, but we expect the leverage on that to be significant going into 2020.
Richard J. Tobin: Dover made an acquisition a couple of years ago called 3rd Eye. That guy was principally there for doing driver safety, but it's managed now to expand what it sells around that camera technology that is quite interesting. And the adoption rate over the last six months had some major independent carriers have been excellent.
Richard J. Tobin: I hope so in the future. I can just tell you that off a relatively -- let me think about it in the context of ESG. Yes, I mean, it's big enough to move the needle over time.
Richard J. Tobin: Well I don't want to get ahead of our big presentation in September. Nothing in the portfolio is destroying capital at its present. But five years from now, is the portfolio going to look different than it is today? The answer is yes.
Richard J. Tobin: Well, I think in -- the entire Fluids segment is performing slightly better than we would expect it. I think on the topline and I think that we're pleased with the trajectory of the earnings for sure. We would have -- we did not expect the slowdown in heat exchangers demand during the second quarter, nor did we expect the FX. So, between those two, that probably cost us $7 million to $8 million in profit during the quarter. So those were unexpected. There's certain portions of the portfolio like the small exposure that we have to automotive OEM that we expected to slow and it did in fact slow during the quarter. But that we had modeled into our full year forecast at the end of last year in the first place. So, I think that we would have not forecast the frictional cost in Richmond due to the fact of labor unavailability and a supplier issue that we had. DDP as we've beaten that to death, we expected that in the quarter, so that's not a surprise. I think that the heat exchanger business and the FX translation is the two areas that when we take a look at what we had forecast at kind of the beginning of the quarter and versus the other quarter where we are. We would've liked to do better a little bit on the backlog. And as I mentioned before, we were -- we had a couple orders coming that we would've liked to get in June. I can tell you just as some further color on the DDP side, I mean we did that trade show and if you go back and look at my comments, I think that we're really pleased with the feedback that we have, but we didn't book anything in Q2 in DDP. So, to the extent that we can convert that interest into bookings in Q3, we would expect to see a good bounce back there.
Richard J. Tobin: Well look, I can't monetize it for you right now. We just signed it yesterday. But in effect, we've always said that, we recognize the fact that EV chargers, there's going to be somewhat of a future on that. We can all debate what the size of that is. But, we've signed a Europe contract with ABB where we'd be purchasing chargers for resell into both our distribution and direct customer network and then we'd be moving to purchasing kits that would be incorporated into our dispenser factor over time and spare parts. So too early to start to say size and scale, but I think it was important that we develop partnerships because we're very attractive to manufacturers of charging stations because of the size and access that we have to distribution network and our OEM customers.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Let's move to slide 4. Revenue grew by 1% to $1.8 billion and was driven by strong demand in Fluids and our industrial platform in Engineered Systems. GAAP EPS increased 25% to $1.35. Moving to non-GAAP results: As mentioned, we achieved significant margin accretion in the quarter with adjusted segment EBIT up 190 basis points over the prior year, reflecting continued execution of productivity initiatives. Our SG&A actions announced last year are for all intents complete and we are delivering the savings we expected. Adjusted segment EBITDA was $376 million, a margin of 20.8%. Key adjustments for non-GAAP results this quarter were acquisition-related amortization and rightsizing and other expenses. The EPS increase was supported by $0.02 or $3.6 million of discrete tax benefits on par with a $0.02 benefit in the second quarter of the prior year. Now moving to slide 5. Let's get into a little bit more detail on our revenue and bookings results in the quarter. As mentioned in our summary, organic growth was solid at 2.9%, driven by Fluids and Engineered Systems and partially offset by Refrigeration & Food Equipment. As you can see, foreign exchange rates negatively impacted our revenue and bookings. FX was a significant 2.5% or $45 million headwind for revenue, which had an $8 million impact on earnings with the most notable impact in Engineered Systems, largely driven by printing and identification demand being levered to EMEA and Asia. The two largest contributors to the FX headwind were Europe and China, where average exchange rates declined against the dollar by approximately 6%. Based on current rates, we expect the impact to moderate in the second half of the year. We have used a $1.13 rate for the euro and a $0.15 for the RMB in our full year forecast. From a segment perspective, Engineered Systems grew $12 million or approximately 2% organically and Fluids grew $52 million or 7%. Refrigeration & Food Equipment's revenue decreased by $11 million or 3%. Bookings declined organically 1.7%. And as previously mentioned, we're also negatively impacted by FX. At Engineered Systems, organic bookings declined by $39 million or approximately 5.5% due to slower activity in digital printing and the Environmental Solutions Group. Bookings in Fluids increased by $52 million or 7% with strong order activity across the segment. Bookings in Refrigeration & Food Equipment declined $43 million. Rich will provide more information on the order book and individual businesses in a few minutes. Finally, overall order -- overall book-to-bill finished at a solid 1.0, while backlog at the end of Q2 was 2% higher than this time last year, driven primarily by Engineered Systems. From a geographic perspective, the U.S., our largest market grew 2% organically, driven by mid-single digit growth in Engineered Systems and Fluids, partially offset by Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Europe was up 8% with all segments posting organic growth and a particularly strong quarter from Fluids, which was up over 20% in EMEA. All of Asia was down 5% organically with China down 1%. Our Fluids business was up mid-single digits in Asia overall with double-digit growth in China on the strength of both the retail fueling and process solutions businesses, whereas Engineered Systems and Refrigeration were down in Asia due to slower economic activity in the region. Let's go to the earnings bridges on slide 6. Starting on the top. Engineered Systems' adjusted segment EBITDA improved $5 million, largely driven by volume and productivity initiatives, more than offsetting headwinds from FX. Fluids' growth of $35 million, reflects a combination of robust growth, continued margin improvement in retail fueling and acquisitions. The $7 million decline at Refrigeration & Food Equipment reflects lower volumes for SWEP and slower activity in food retail. Going to the bottom chart. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations improved $29 million or 15%, primarily driven by higher segment earnings and lower corporate costs, partially offset by slightly higher taxes. Now on slide 7. Year-to-date free cash flow was $142 million, which is an improvement over last year in absolute terms and as a percent of revenue. The second quarter in particular compared favorable -- favorably at 8.5% of revenue versus 6% last year. Year-to-date strong top line growth was supported by working capital investment of $164 million, which we expect to convert to cash in the back half of the year, inventory built with volume increases in the quarter as well as in anticipation of a strong Q3. The third and fourth quarters are traditionally our strongest cash-generating quarters. Capital expenditures were $91 million year-to-date slightly below last year. We expect our CapEx to ramp up in the second half in line with seasonality of our cash flows and are still on pace to execute our previously guided organic growth investments in the year. Let me turn it back to Rich.
Brad Cerepak: And continuing to have a good quarter in China. So if you pull all that together not having the exact data in front of me, I would say China down slightly in the revs, but earnings still remains positive for us.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So, Rich is referring to the 21% on the chart. You see the 73% there with SG&A, but the 21% is going to improve in the back half.
Brad Cerepak: And if I go back to what Rich said, the order take was very good at that show, but we're not showing them in our bookings until we get the credit lined up with our customer base. You can imagine, we ship those all over the globe and we're very conscious of being paid for what we ship. So we line that up first.
Richard Tobin: Yeah, it's more of a core MI into Asia. On the digital printing side in our particular space, which is at the top end of the market, the demand it looks very proactive for the next several years just in terms of the proportionality of -- versus ticket price of those machines. I think that's a timing issue. And as I mentioned before that's a business that we expect to grow revenues by double digits for the full year. So that side we're confident on as long as we can get the letters of credits and everything all lined up based on what we think the backlog is going to be. On the MI side it was a little bit choppy. So I don't think that -- I think that China was down 1% and I think that India was down a couple percentage points during the quarter. I think that that is a reflection of what's going on in China but I don't have any real color on the segmentation of their customers at MI in China. I'd have to get that.
Richard Tobin: I'd have to go and disaggregate it, but I think on retail refrigeration it's probably neutral. Not counting the frictional cost because that's not -- that's cost self inflicted quite frankly. So I think we were probably neutral in retail refrigeration. I'd have to go take a look at the other segments. SWEP is a difficult one because it's euro-based, but it's got a lot of China exposures so we'd have to go get that sorted out with all their FX translation.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean I think that the working capital seasonality should hold, okay? So that's first and foremost. And then our target is to hit spot on in the middle of the range, which is exactly we did last year. We are running a little bit behind in CapEx versus our full year guidance, so I think that we're tracking probably to the lower end of the range on CapEx for the full year. But look that swing number versus the entire working capital changes, it's something but I don't think it's anything overall. At the end of the day it's what we said before. We can -- we're working on grinding down working capital as a percentage of revenue or increasing turns across the portfolio. But what's really going to swing it for us at the end of the day is what the second half growth rate looks like. If we reaccelerate in the second half of the year then the industrial inventory won't come down. If we don't then we would expect the same kind of liquidating, or liquidation profile that we showed you last year in Q4.
Richard Tobin: Sure. The margin target that we gave for retail refrigeration at September, holds. That requires us to intervene on the production footprint. And as we've said before, that process is underway. But this is not just basically installing some equipment and that changes the business. The business is working on a fundamental change of how they run the business particularly as it relates to SKU management, commonality of components and a variety of other things, which allows for automation in the future. I think that when we announced the investment that we were going to make, we said it's kind of going to be a little bit of a chicken and egg because at the time we were at the bottom of the market in terms of the demand function for door and case. And now that market is coming back and we're going to have to run the business in it’s more traditional labor intensive way until we get everything stood up. But we need to protect market share and we need to protect the amount of volume that we've got going into fundamentally changing the business. So at the end of the day, I'm not making any excuses for it. I think that we struggled with getting the available labor in the market with employment rates what they are. It's tough. And as I mentioned we had a supplier go belly up on us in the middle or the beginning of the quarter, which cost us some money. So I would expect that we improve over our performance in Q2 but really what's fundamentally going to change this business is changing basically how we manage our SKUs and how much labor content is in this process.
Richard Tobin: Well, I think that -- look I think that Brad mentioned in his comments what total translation impact was. So there's the FX component of Asia, which you can calculate right? So it's a percentage piece based on the geographic distribution out of the $7 million to $8 million of translation loss that we incurred in the quarter. So that's a piece. And then I think the quarter-over-quarter profit of MI is Asia-driven mostly, right? But I know that you can't see MI at end of the day, but you need to unpack it from the digital printing impact, but I gave you some color in terms of what that was.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean in general terms Julian it's basically what we said before all right? Our bias is for organic investment followed by inorganic investment going to capital return. I think that we've got a relatively robust pipeline on the inorganic side, so we'll keep our powder dry to see how that develops over the next few months. If we are unable to close on those, then we'll revisit the issue of capital return for sure.
Richard Tobin: At some point. I don't want to put a calendar on it. But at some point, we're not going to -- we have an expectation in terms of cash flow for the year. We're not going to sit on a significant pile of cash at negative carry for sure. We prefer to deploy it.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean look at the end of the day I think we moved the segment down by one point okay? I think that our conviction in food retail for growth is quite high. We actually missed from a calendarization point of view. In order of that we would've liked to have been able to book at the end of June, but can't book until you have the order at the end of the day.
Richard Tobin: And so it's coming in now. So, again just to give you some color on bookings as we proceed into Q3, we're quite constructive there. For us it's the margin conversion issue in that particular segment. We've got some aspirations there. But as we said before, I think that we need to change the dynamic of that business in terms of working on SKU management and reducing the amount of labor content, but that -- the benefits of that don't come in until mid-2020. So, I think that overall we're pleased in terms of the demand dynamic for door and case. What's going on in the marketplace it's up to us to kind of maximize profitability out of it in the second half of the year.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I'll start with the second and go back to the first. I think no we're not pulling back on CapEx. It's just -- as it always happens you've got aspirations to spend this money and then it takes time to actually deploy it because when you think about what we're doing with our new plant up in Minneapolis for CPC, by the time we work through getting building permits and a variety of other things, you're three months behind and then timing. So, I think that that capital will be deployed overall but I think it's probably -- a piece of it is going to slip into 2020 just because of capital timing at the end of the day. So, we're not pulling back on the aspirations. But -- and then again we did give a range and we're probably going to come out of the bottom of it now the way things look from a calendarization point of view. Well, with the amount -- with the different types of businesses that we have in the portfolio, you can imagine the plethora of mixed messaging that we get from the marketplace. I can just tell you as a general comment that the sentiment was more negative at the beginning of the quarter so -- than it was at the end of the quarter. We actually went through this issue that -- back in April that we were kind of worried a little bit about backlogs and a variety of other things and then we actually accelerated in the quarter in terms of both our own shipment performance and our backlog. So, it's a little bit of an odd situation that's going on out there in terms of what we're hearing from the marketplace and how that's developed into kind of our forecasting. I can just tell you that leaving the quarter based on; A, what's in our control and what we need to do to convert to get to the top end of the range if you look down at the squeeze, I think that we're in good shape.
Richard Tobin: Yes. No, I got you. We knew that was a question. If you go back and look at my comments, we said that the margin conversion in Q2 is likely to be the lowest for Dover for the full year. So, if you go back and take a look at the side of the EPS impact of conversion, we would expect that conversion to go up in Q2 and -- I mean, Q3 and Q4 relative to Q2 and that the SG&A to slowly unwind. But I think that's all baked into what we believe that we need to do to reach the top end of our EPS guidance.
Richard Tobin: Well, I think, that we expect for -- clearly, for Engineering Systems driven by Printing & ID platform within Engineering Systems. I think that we're going to continue to have very good conversion in aboveground fueling systems on the margin side. And then, thirdly, it would be the RF&E, which, even when we continue to make strides in improving performance, is going to be dilutive to consolidated margins.
Richard Tobin: Well, that would be kind of like the normalized in a business we expect to grow in excess of 10% for the full year.
Richard Tobin: We did launch a product a Mini LaRio. And then we launched a couple of different software solutions and a bundling package of consumable products with a big printer. So we've launched a series of different things. But even if we had not launched anything, we would have had the same demand dynamic, because that's just the way -- the show only happens every four years. So everybody holds off until they see what's the latest launched products and what the pricing environment is and a variety of other things. But...
Richard Tobin: Yes. I always shy away of any of our businesses having -- being a macro driver. What I can tell you is that it was mostly China and it was mostly non-refrigeration product line or HVAC.
