Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s Q2 earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover’s President and Chief Executive Officer, and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s Q2 operating and financial performance and our updated outlook for the rest of 2010. We will then open the call up to questions. In the interest of time we ask that you kindly limit yourself to one question with a follow-up.  Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through August 6th and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-642-1687. When accessing the playback you’ll need to supply the following reservation code: 85-79-12-89. Before we get started I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to expand their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward looking statements. Also we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that I’d like to turn this call over to Bob.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. At this point I’ll turn the call back over to Melissa, and I’d just like to remind you before I do so that we would just like you to ask one question with a follow-up so we can take as many questions as possible. Thanks again for your cooperation, and Melissa, please compile the questions. 
Paul Goldberg: Yep, thank you very much. This concludes our conference call. With that we thank you for you continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking with you at the end of the Q3. Thanks a lot.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. I’m pleased to report Dover posted significant Q2 gains in revenue, bookings, earnings, and margin, reflecting improved volume across the majority of our companies and continued benefits of our productivity initiatives. Revenue increased 29% and orders were up 40%, both higher than we anticipated at the beginning of the quarter. Organic revenue growth was 24% while acquisitions contributed 4 points, and FX added 1. Positive trends continued in electronic technologies, energy, fluid management, refrigeration equipment and product ID. Specifically we saw better than anticipated gains in electronic technologies driven by recent design wins at Knowles, growth in our electronic assembly markets, and a growing silicon equipment business at DEK. Energy’s performance was driven by increased North American rig count and continued market share gains. At Fluid Solutions, a broad, end-market improvement, especially in Asia and Latin America, helped boost results. At Product ID, demand for product marking and coding equipment remains quite healthy. Lastly, the anticipated seasonal ramp up at Hill PHOENIX was even stronger than expected in the Q2 driven by strong remodel activity and leveraging our recent capacity expansion enrichment. With that, let me move to our Q2 results and Brad will discuss our 2010 guidance later in the call. Today we reported a 69% increase in quarterly earnings per share to $0.91. Q2 revenue was $1.8 billion, an increase of 29%. Earnings increased 70% to $172 million, as we benefited by strong earnings leverage in the quarter. On a sequential basis revenue and net margins increased 13% and 59% respectively. Bookings increased 40% over last year to $1.9 billion, and were up 9% sequentially. For the third consecutive quarter bookings improved in all segments at both a year-over-year and a sequential basis. Book to bill finished at 1.08. Segment operating margin for the quarter was 16.9%, up 560 basis points. Year-over-year margins increased significantly in all segments, most notably in electronic technologies and industrial products. For the second consecutive quarter, each segment posted sequential margin expansion. These results reflect strong conversion on volume and the benefits of our productivity initiatives. I am gratified to see how well our companies have converted volume to earnings. In the Q2 we generated free cash flow of $184 million, representing 12% of revenue. I remain confident that full year free cash flow will be at least 10% of revenue. Our acquisition pipeline has become more aggressive as we continue to look for opportunities which complement our strong positions and diversify our geographic footprint. We closed two small deals in the Q2 totaling $10 million. However, we remain confident we will complete some larger strategic add-ons as the year unfolds. Before I turn the call over to Brad I wanted to let you know that we moved to our new corporate headquarters in the Chicago suburbs in May. I’m excited to finally have our segment and corporate leadership under one roof. I am convinced that we will derive many benefits from being together including better communication and collaboration. With that, to Brad.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Brad. I am pleased with our very strong performance in the first half of this year, especially with regard to revenue and bookings growth, conversion, and operating margin. We expect to see a solid Q3 on the strength of our bookings and backlog. Although the Q4 should be seasonally softer than the third, we fully expect to finish the year in a strong form. I am constantly encouraged by the many positive developments around Dover, several of which are related to product innovation, market expansion activities, and customer service. I’m particularly excited about the rapidly-growing silicon equipment business at DEK and the recent design wins at Knowles. I've also taken note of several instances where our growth has significantly outpaced the growth rate of our end markets, especially at companies like Hill PHOENIX, US Synthetic, Heil Environmental, Markem-Imaje, and SWEP. These companies have had great success expanding their share through strong customer focus and investing in the right products. I’ve also been encouraged by the modest end market improvements seen in industrial products, which bode well for the future. Lastly, our global supply chain initiative is slightly ahead of pace and is now forecasted to achieve $35 million of savings in 2010.  In closing, I’d like to commend everyone at Dover for all their efforts and contributions to a very solid first half of 2010.  With that, I’ll turn it back to Paul for questions.
Robert Livingston: We have not publicly changed are target run rate. As we’ve said for the past four or five quarter now, Jeff, that we expect to exit this year at a run rate of savings of $75 million to $100 million. We will update you on a future look toward that at Dover Day in November. And with respect to the increased savings, the guys, the teams, the folks are executing very well.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners:  Okay, thank you very much.
Robert Livingston: Okay, let’s sort of start at the top line and look at our guidance numbers. If you look at the second half of the, sort of the midpoints we’re looking at organic growth for the second half to be about 13% when you do the math. That compares to organic growth in the first half of 16%.
Robert Livingston: Again, it’s a little bit of a difficult comp against the second half of last year. And when you look across the business and look at the four segments, your comment or assumption is right on electronic technologies. Sort of look at electronic technologies as being somewhat flat for the second half of the year. But we do expect to continue to see some transactions at engineered systems and industrial products. Within fluid management…
Robert Livingston: We don’t have any acquisition activity within electronic technologies to speak about. Within fluid management, we do expect the energy business to be somewhat flat, both revenue and earnings in the second half of the year versus the first half; but we do expect to continue to see some growth in fluid solutions.
Robert Livingston: Well, I wouldn’t change the comments that I shared with you in April. I think longer-term we do expect our operating margins to be 17% plus, 17% and a fraction. I think it’s a product of three to four things that we’re focused on. One is the supply chain initiative will benefit that. The additional productivity initiatives will obviously help that. I think a continued focus and a growing focus on product development and geographic expansion is going to help the top line. That will flow eventually into margins. Terry, we’re tying to expand the business.
Robert Livingston: Well we’re, like anything else we’re always striving for continuous improvement in working capital, not unlike any other part of the business. And the focus as you know, Wendy, for the last four or five years had been to get working capital below 20%. I think in the first half we were in the 18% range, we’re feeling very positive about that. We think we have some additional opportunities to bring it down. We have not set a different formal target. That’s something we’re looking at here over the next couple of months.
Robert Livingston: Well, do we have a half an hour? Let me comment, you made a comment about the focus on working capital and the cash that it generates. And I just want to point out, Wendy, that in the first half, especially in the Q2 with our 12% cash flow, 12% of revenue, I’ll tell you I think the benefit in the first half has come as much from margin expansion as it has from a working capital focus. Not that we haven’t made some strides in working capital but the margin expansion has a significant impact on that number as well. Our areas of focus have not changed from the message we shared with investors and analysts at Dover Day last November. The bulk of our capital deployment in M&A we still believe is going to be focused in the areas of refrigeration equipment, energy, fluid solutions, especially pumps, communication components, and product ID. And again, I feel like I’m on a repeating needle here, but you look at the acquisitions we made last year – they fall squarely into those five categories. The two small acquisitions we made in the Q2 fall directly into those five categories. And the areas that we’re looking at that are in our current pipeline today are also in those five spaces.
Robert Livingston: Multiples aren’t that much different than what we were seeing in the Q1 and perhaps even in the Q4 of last year. You look at - It depends on the business, it depends on the growth rate that you have with the opportunity, but I would say that EBIDTA multiples are into let’s call it the 7 +/- 1. If the earnings are depressed you may end up seeing a little bit higher multiple on the earnings. But on an ongoing basis the business will perform, we’re seeing EBIDTA 7, 7.5 +/- 1.
Robert Livingston: Okay, I’m not sure even what the question was, John.John Lynch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Are you just being conservative on your organic growth? You’re referencing traditional seasonal and I’m arguing volumes have been really depressed regardless of the comps. That’s all I’m asking.
Robert Livingston: Right. Number one, I’ll tell you we’re not being conservative on the organic growth. If you look at the guidance that we’re providing now for the year, and you compare that to what we were looking at 90 days ago on our April call, Brad’s probably got a more specific number but we’ve actually increased our revenue outlook for the second half by about $300 million in revenue. When you do your year-over-year comps and look at organic growth the numbers change a bit because we started to see a pick up in the second half of last year.  The second half, our outlook right now for the second half is that revenue’s going to be a little bit higher than it was in the first half on a sequential basis.
Robert Livingston: And John, we’ve got, sitting here today we’ve got pretty good visibility for the Q3 and I would share with you, for everyone, that the order rates in July continue to hold up quite well. It’s not any different than what we saw or expected, anticipated in the Q2. The Q4, the Q4 always is a little bit of a concern for me just because of the sort of the seasonality pushes and pulls that we see most notably at Hill PHOENIX, and some of the seasonality that we typically see within electronic technologies, especially the electronic assembly equipment.
Robert Livingston: No, let me correct that, Nigel. When you look at the average rig count, the average deployed rig count in the Q1 versus the Q2, there was actually a slight increase in the Q2. Q2 was up 4% or 5% or 6% over the Q1.
Robert Livingston: If you look, there’s a quarter end number. But if you look at the average for the Q1 versus the Q2 the Q2 was up slightly.
Robert Livingston: Well, we spent some time talking about this on the April call, and I will tell you, I think I expressed this and I know I felt it – a little bit more concerned on the April call with commodity price rev pressure and the need to push though some price increases in the Q2 and Q3. As we wrap up the Q2 our concerns on the price management spread is much less than it was 90 days ago. We’ve seen some declines in some of the base metal costs during the quarter. I think the, Brad’s going to correct me here if I’m wrong but I think the number we shared with you in April is that we were looking at an almost 100 basis point headwind on gross margin, on what we call the price/cost management spread, and that headwind today, I would say…
Robert Livingston: Okay. I guess maybe I’d have to start first by sort of looking at a historical perspective here. If you look at the grocery store casings systems business, probably up until 2007 it was about 60% new store construction and about 40% remodel. So over the last two to three years that ratio has flipped. It’s now I would say roughly 60% remodel and 40% new store construction, primarily because the new store construction has flattened out and dropped so much over the last three years.  Cycles, you have to, you look at the product life of these cases and it’s, depending upon the retailer they view the product life to be in the 5, 6, to 7 year range. They may get moved out quicker than that if there’s a strong shift in a merchandising change or whatever. But the typical life of the case is five to seven years. And that’s what we’re dealing with. Now, there was a little bit of deferred spending during maybe the second half of ’08 and the first part of ‘09, and maybe there’s a little bit of a catch up in that area right now. I think another thing you’re seeing right now in this market space is a rather significant CAPEX program at Target. I don’t remember the exact numbers but I think they’re looking at remodeling 300 to 400 stores this year and a similar number next year.
Robert Livingston: I think, number one you say the activity has been a bit low of late over the last couple of yeas and my sense is that’s probably been true across the board in the industrial space. We clearly have made some changes over the last couple of years, and I’d start first by joust pointing out the areas that we’ve shared with you that we’re focused on; the five primary end markets that we’ve shared with you. The second thing, it’s rather glaring that when you look at the properties, the opportunities that have been in our pipeline over the past 12 to 18 months, less than 10% of them have been what I would call a marketing process or an option. Nine out of ten have been direct collect, proactive target opportunities where we’ve either gone to the owner or the owner has approached us after a few years of getting to know them, and that’s rather different from what we were seeing in the ’05, ’06, ’07, and ’08 timeframe when it seemed like 2/3 of the properties we were looking at in our pipeline were option processes. 
Robert Livingston: Now I happen to think that’s gogni to change a little bit here over the next 12 to 18 months. I think we will see a lot of companies, a lot of owners – whether they be private equity shops or corporate owners or private owners – start to move more opportunities through an option process. But over the last 12 months that has not been the case. We clearly have been focused on add-ons.
Robert Livingston: We’ll share some commentary around 2011 at Dover Day like we did last year.Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, thank you.
Robert Livingston: The only thing is I would label it as incremental based on what we’ve shared so far, wodl be around the supply chain. And again, this, we’ve not updated nor, we haven’t changed the number we’ve been saying for the last few quarters. We anticipate exiting the year with a supply chain savings run rate of $75 million to $100 million. What we’re saying now is that of that range of $75 million to $100 million, we’re going to capture $35 million of that this year.
Robert Livingston: Yes. We continue to look for productivity opportunities, but they’re going to be- I think they’re going to be measurable but they're not going to be as significant as we sit here and talk about supply chain right now. 
Robert Livingston: Well, as Brad shared with you in his commentary for the electronic- Let’s put the component companies aside and just refer to those three companies in electronics, DEC and Everett Charles and OK. Q2 was the fourth consecutive quarter of a rising order book. That’s important to note, Dave. That one, that is a little bit different than, I call that the past couple- what I call short up tick cycles. Four quarters in a row of a rising order book. Your question is are we loaded, is there a backlog, is our production schedule filled now through year end? No, but there aren’t a lot of pen slots. It is especially with DEK and Everett Charles, it is pretty loaded throughout Q3 and October looks pretty strong right now. But we are not yet taking orders where we have to tell the customer it’s going to be a January and February delivery date. We may be taking orders for January and February because the customer requests delivery then, but we’re not forcing it till January and February
Robert Livingston: Yeah, that’s possible over the next couple of years. And the evaluation of the portfolio is something, we don’t do it every day but we sit and look at it two or three times a year. And I think there’s a high likelihood that there will be a little bit of shaping over the next couple of years with respect to divestiture activity. There is nothing in place, we do not have a marketing process underway on any property in Dover, any of the operating companies. And I suspect you're gogni to see most of the focus on M&A is going to be around the current strong market position we have and that the next- I thnk the shaping on the M&A is going to be around performance and not changing the outlook of the portfolio or the profile of the portfolio. It’s going to be around performance.
Robert Livingston: Again, you look at the commentary around the Q2, you’ll see a fairly significant recovery in the Q2 in our material handling companies. We had a very solid performance in mobile equipment but a very strong recovery in material handling. And I think the markets that we’re playing in with industrial products, with the exception, with the very notable exception of residential construction, are going to be flat to positive during the next two quarters and perhaps even maybe even two or three quarters. You mentioned specifically Heil Environmental. Actually, we like what’s going on at Heil with respect to business activity and how they’re interacting in their end market, but I do need to point out that that business is actually going to be one of the few businesses that’s going to be down in 2010 versus 2009, and it is a result of the end market. The end market activity in the refuse market is a little lighter this year than it was in 2009.
Robert Livingston: Oh gosh, my first response to your capacity question is that the takeout was significant. I cannot sit here and recall all that, but the takeout of capacity across the board in industrial products is rather significant. You look t margin expansion at industrial products, the outlook for the balance of the year, we actually have raised not only their revenue outlook, their organic growth rate, we’ve- Embedded in our outlook is a 1 point improvement in their operating margin from what we were looking at 90 days ago. Ninety days ago we were giving some guidance that was around an 11 point operating margin at industrial products, and now we’re looking at a very solid 12%. Going forward, the way you can look at this is as we get some volume increased through the industrial product mix and portfolio, look at the follow through, the conversion here should be 28%, 30%, 31%. Make your guesses on the revenue but I think that’s a safe number to use on conversion for industrial products.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Thanks, well done gentleman. Quite possibly the best quarter across our coverage versus overall expectations. Congratulations. You know, I think one of the things that surprised me about the forward commentary is that you’re really not looking for organic to tail off very much in the back half. And I’m wondering if you could talk about the pieces of the puzzle there. I mean presumably electronic technologies does tail off. I was expecting industrial and engineered systems to fall off as well. Maybe that’s where your outlook is moving up the curve. But maybe you could just take us through the pieces there in the back half organic.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: If you look at some of the other companies, you’re coming down from, you know, kind of low double digits, upper singles down into the mid to low, so…
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then you know, on the segment margin for the company overall, almost 17% recognizing it’s your seasonally strongest quarter there, but you talked about that longer-term goal of trying to get to that number exiting 2011. And so on the back of Jeff’s question, maybe the bar is moving a little bit higher here. How should we think about kind of the structural margin opportunities as we look longer term relative to your prior comments of trying to get that to 17%? We’re kind of already there.
Brad Cerepak: John, if you’ll recall, too, the second half, when we were on the call last time we were thinking about low, mid single digits growth rate. And now we’ve increased that quite substantial to the, as Bob indicated, 13% organic growth rate. So again, from first half to second half, 16% in the first half to 13% in the second half. A pretty sizable move in the second half from where we were.
Brad Cerepak: It’s been absorbed at this point.John Lynch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. That’s all I have, thanks much.
Brad Cerepak: And that’s really for the two reasons Bob mentioned. One is the stabilization on the commodities, especially steel, and then our teams are doing a much better job executing on our price. And so think about it as catching the curve faster than we anticipated last time we had a call.
Brad Cerepak: I just want to correct one statement back to the supply chain. When you were thinking 15 net to 75 net, there is going to be some cost carry into next year. But Paul can get with you on that and make sure you have the cost numbers as we’re thinking about it. 
