Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Kristine. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today’s call will begin with comment from Bob and Brad on Dover’s fourth quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our 2017 outlook. We will then open up the call for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through February 9th, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 4961-6212 Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks. Before we open up the line to questions, I just again like to remind you as a courtesy if you can ask one question with a follow-up, will be able to get more questions and we have over 20 people in queue. So with that, Kristine, let's take the first question.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Kristine. Yeah. This concludes our conference call. We thank you again for your continued interest in Dover, and certainly look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Have a good afternoon. Bye.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Overall, I was pleased with our fourth quarter business activity and results. Among the highlights in the quarter were a continuing recovery in our shorter cycle drilling and artificial lift markets, along with strong results in our printing and identification platform. We also saw solid activity in bearings and compression, as well as our Petrochemical & Polymer markets. From a geographic perspective, organic growth was mixed. Our U.S. activity excluding energy was flat year-over-year. Our European and China activity improved year-over-year and sequentially. Energy performed very well in the quarter, and modestly exceeded expectations. Revenue was up 7% sequentially, largely driven by early cycle upstream applications. Our brands and compression businesses also had a very good quarter driven by a positive customer mix. Segment margin was 10.5% and EBITDA margin returned to over 20%. Engineered Systems organic growth of 1% was driven by another strong quarter in printing and identification which had 5% growth. In the Industrial platform, organic revenue declined slightly, as activity slowed in the second half of the year at Environmental Solutions. Fluids posted 36% revenue growth, driven by acquisitions, organically, fluids was flat. Within this result, strong activity in our Petrochemical & Polymer, as well as our hygienic and pharma markets was offset by continued softness in our longer cycle oil & gas markets. Refrigeration & Food Equipment revenue declined 1% organically, principally driven by tough comps in canned shaping equipment. Core margin performance was below expectations at Hillphoenix, due to product mix and production challenges in case manufacturing. I am confident of the changes we are implementing will result in improvements in this business. During the quarter, we closed Rav and Wayne, and both are off to a great start. We also closed on the sale of a business not considered core to our growth strategies. Now, looking forward. Within energy, we are encouraged by the recovery in the North American rig count and oil prices during the second half of 2016. We see strong growth in 2017 and have developed our guidance based on an average US rig count of 680 to 700 and an average WTI price of $55. Current market sentiment is a bit more bullish than our assumptions, thus our guidance may turn out to be conservative. In Engineered Systems we expect our Printing & Id platform to continue its strong record of performance, driven by increased equipment sales and very consistent consumable revenue in our marking and coding business. Also a strong contribution from RAV will complement modest but mixed organic growth in our industrial platform. Fluids strong growth will be driven by acquisitions, primarily Wayne, from which we expect a significant contribution to EPS. We also expect to see solid petrochemical and polymer, as well as hygienic and pharma markets. Our longer cycle oil and gas markets are expected to remain soft for the bulk of the year, especially within transport markets. Finally, within Refrigeration & Food Equipment, we expect solid activity in food equipment, glass doors, and specialty refrigeration cases. At this time, we expect our standard case business to be modestly down on reduced activity at a few big-box retailers. We are very focused on margin and expect it to be better as customer and product mix and manufacturing all see improvements. Order activity is showing strength early in 2017. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Brad.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Brad. I am very optimistic about 2017, and believe that we are well-positioned to take advantage of the many opportunities in front of us. Within Energy, we see improving US oil and gas markets driving growth in our drilling, artificial lift, and automation businesses, which represent about two-thirds of this segment revenue. For this segment, we are expecting strong organic growth in 2017. Within Engineered Systems we see adoption rates of digital printing continuing to grow, and our marketing and coding business, marketing conditions remained favorable and we expect continued strong execution. Additionally, our recent RAV acquisition will be a significant contributor to growth and we are excited to become an even stronger partner with our customers in the global vehicle service markets. We also expect our core industrial businesses to post modest organic growth. In Fluids, 2017 strong growth will be driven by recent acquisitions, most notably Wayne, we have a great management team in place who are fully focused on the EMB opportunity, and capturing significant synergies. Modest organic growth will largely be driven by strong hygienic and pharma markets and improved customer activity in our petrochemical and polymer and industrial markets. Lastly, in Refrigeration & Food Equipment, recent strong bookings and can shaping equipment has set Food Equipment up for an improved 2017. We also expect another solid year for glass doors and specialty refrigeration cases, also encouraging is the fact that we are well booked in refrigeration cases for the first quarter. And, I fully expect margin to expand in the second half of the year, as our improvement initiatives take hold. As we begin the year, our markets are largely constructive, and I am confident we will execute well and deliver on our 2017 plans. In closing, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for staying focused on our customers. Now, Paul, we will take some questions.
Bob Livingston: So there – Jeff, I'll give you a comment on the second half of '16 because that's really when we started tracking their performance on a fairly close basis. As we have communicated and as we expected, the retail fuel and market does build quarter-to-quarter sequentially through the year. We saw that happen at Wayne. I would say for the second half of the year, revenue plan they were perhaps – they perhaps lately exceeded it, they actually had a strong – a pretty solid and strong December, our first month of ownership with them. So we were quite pleased with the performance of the business in the second half of the year. I'll actually share this with you for those who may be interested if you are trying to fill out your models. I think the revenue we booked under what the 3 or 3.5 weeks of ownership in December, Jeff, I think it was approaching $50 million.
Bob Livingston: Very strong margin, but you know, dilutive to the results of Dover because of – to your question on overhang, we had some expenses and cost in the fourth quarter. But, Jeff, as we go forward, we are going to continue to see charges through the P&L related to Wayne and capturing the synergy benefits. I would say, those amount to about $9 million to $10 million or so in 2017 and not having all the date in front of me, I'd say they're pretty evenly spread. I don't see any big impacts sort of the first quarter on Wayne related to synergy costs.
Bob Livingston: No. We actually do have, I don't have the exact data. But I do know that it was up in '16 over '15, Jeff. 
Bob Livingston: Upward pressure on price, you are asking if the customers are going to encourage us to raise our prices? I don't think that's going to happen.
Bob Livingston: I - you could actually see that very, let’s say, very judiciously in the second half of the year. I would not expect to see anything of note to occur in the first half of the year, Jeff…
Bob Livingston: For Energy, which is what we had been guiding all year in. So I feel comfortable with, I call it, the pricing part of the Energy plan for 2017 and maybe we see a little bit of lift in the second half, Jeff. 
Bob Livingston: So, as we start here in January, maybe our rig count assumption is a bit conservative. That said, Shannon, don't look at rig count as being the leading indicator for the entire segment. It is a very, very good indicator for our drilling activity and, in fact, I would tell you that in 2016. Our drilling activity increased perhaps even a little bit stronger than we saw in the rate of change with respect to rig count in the second half of the year. I think some of that was a little bit of restocking. But in 2017, I would expect our drilling activity to pretty highly correlate with the rig count that's not quite true with automation and artificial lift. The significant increase in CapEx spending that we've seen with customers in the second half of 2016, and I suspect the lion's share of some of the increase CapEx spending that we'll see in the first – at least in the first quarter of 2017 is highly weighted to drilling. We are seeing increases in well completions. But it is not nearly at the rate that we’re seeing with rig count increases. We do expect well completion activity to pick up during the year but the rate of change in the first half – second half of last year was nowhere near the rate of change we saw in rig count. I hope that gives you some color.
Bob Livingston: Well, you're right about the drilling – our drilling business having a very strong fourth quarter, but again I'll give a shot out to the guys at bearings and compression. The revenue increased sequentially from the third quarter to fourth quarter and delivered pretty good margins on that business.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So the second half – I'm not sure I can separate the fourth quarter from the second half on that. The second half activity was probably down – gosh it could have been as much as 5% or 6% versus the first half of 2016 just within Environmental Solutions and we actually weren’t expecting that. We were expecting a little bit of a falloff in the fourth quarter, but as we came into the second half of year we weren't expecting that falloff in the third quarter. We see the softness continuing in Environmental Solutions through the first quarter. We think by the time we get to mid part of the second quarter that the customer buying activity returns and we'll see a much stronger revenue and earnings progression in that business and our guide reflects that.
Bob Livingston: Well, I don't have January closed yet, but the order rates not just in Energy, I would say this for all that's on the call. The order rates here in January, in general, largely across Dover are coming in a little bit stronger than we had anticipated for January. And specific – your specific question about conversion in Energy, I think Brad answered that a few minutes ago. We’re expecting fairly healthy incremental margins in energy, a little bit better than 40% and we feel pretty confident with that. 
Bob Livingston: I'm going to take a guess, I know Brad is going to correct me. But I think our operating margins and this would've been no adjustments, whatever restructuring charges we had in December would've been included in this. But I think our operating margins in December were like 11.1%. They were little bit better than 11%. 
Bob Livingston: If there were any restructuring charges, the margin I'm giving you includes those restructuring charges. I just don't recall what the restructuring charges were in the month.
Bob Livingston: Well, I'm not sure that we are hearing much different from that. It does vary from customer to customer and I'm referring to you said specifically to larger accounts. It's going to be a bit different. But as a general statement, I think what we are generally hearing is that, if the dispenser is eight years or older. The dispenser on, if it's been in the field eight years or longer, I think the operators are being given strong encouragement by the brand owner to replace the dispenser in its entirety. If it's less than eight years, then we're seeing - we are simply seeing the retro - the up fit or the upgrade being sold.
Bob Livingston: I'm not so sure, I don't think that's much different than what we've been hearing over the last three or four months either.
Bob Livingston: No. I mean, we had strong order rates in December, but I wouldn't – I don't think we – that's just not part of our portfolio make a. That's – we don't think we see that.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So I think we may have shared this, maybe on our October call. I think I shared with you that our – I told that our production variances within Hillphoenix that we sort of took it on the chin was in the third quarter were about $7 million. Okay. And I think, in the fourth quarter it was a little less but it wasn't, I mean, it was still, I would still say it was too high. It was enough $5 million to $6 million range. One of the key metrics and there are several, but one of the key metrics, one of the key KPI's that we managed to within this business is the production hours per case and we've been making slow and steady progress on that KPI for the last four or five months. I'd like to think the trend we're seeing here in the early part of the year here so far in January is one that we continue with, but we have seen a rather significant improvement in our KPI here in January on production hours per case. 
Bob Livingston: We're not – I've told you, our guide is that the second half of the year is when we're going to start to see some improvements in margins within the segment, driven by the improvement in margins within Hillphoenix, and don't expect it any sooner than that.
Bob Livingston: Up about 250 million over the first half. The two Brad’s comment on this, the two drivers of this is the sequential build through the year within our Energy segment and the – I call it the market profile within retail fueling, both of which we believe will be normal and ordinary in 2017. And the pressure we're going to feel in the first quarter as Brad related on margins on a year-over-year comp, it's real and we have it in our guide that way. But we will see a significant change in business results in the second quarter and a slight improvement going into the third quarter. And we'll again, because of Refrigeration we'll see what was a seasonal roll off in the fourth quarter. But I think you really need to look at our profile again, because the Energy model for this year of sequential improvements through the year and the impact at retail fueling is having on the Dover profile, I call it the quarterly waterfall, it does create a little bit different profile for Dover in 2017.
Bob Livingston: I think we're starting to see it now, Nigel. I actually was pretty pleased with the activity we saw in the fourth quarter within automation. In fact, if I'm not mistaken, automation growth in the fourth quarter actually may have been slightly better than we saw in artificial lift. So I was really pleased with the activity in the fourth quarter. But more importantly, the question you ask is, what are the customers, how are we engaging with customers and what are they saying and we see this as being a significant opportunity for further growth, not only in 2017, but into 2018. And I like the margin profile of this business. I like the level of customer engagement we have in the business and I think you'll see us post some good growth here in 2017. 
Bob Livingston: Nigel, I would tell you in the fourth quarter, we did within - within bearings and compression, we did see one of our major OEMs return with some fairly strong demand that we were able to respond to rather quickly in the fourth quarter. We also had some other project type of business in our bearings business, in the bearings portfolio, but the significant part of that was with OE activity.
Bob Livingston: Well, look, I think my reaction to it not having the date in front of me is that we did complete several acquisitions in the fourth quarter. You're seeing that impact on the balance sheet for sure. And so, not able to give you the date net of that or the core working capital. You have to follow up with Paul on it in a little bit more detail, but nothing fundamentally different. With respect to the core, I'd say, if anything, we saw based on the trends to the back half of the fourth quarter that our working capital grew a little bit, Steve. So we did – we were a little bit lower on our guide on free cash flow and I would say that that's on the balance sheet but it's not a big number.
Bob Livingston: So it is interesting. Good pick up on that and good question. It has been something that we have all been watching pretty closely here in the second half of the year and I will tell you, we actually started to see a turn, albeit extremely small in the third quarter. We actually had a sequentially a little bit of pick up in revenue third quarter over second quarter, and I think fourth quarter versus third quarter it was 3% or 4% improvement in our pumps revenue, so we were very pleased to see that. We're actually forecasting a little bit of growth in organic growth in our pumps business in 2017. We're not going to see it in the first quarter. We've got some – I would call it some unfavorable comps just with respect to activity against the first quarter of last year. There is a little bit of project activity that flows through this part of our portfolio. But we - for our standard pumps and we're seeing the pick up in general industrial activity, not in oil and gas, but for our standard pumps, we are continuing to see and expect some substantial improvement in standard pumps. When you put it all together, look at some of the project activity, the first quarter is going to not have a strong of a showing as we saw in the fourth quarter or that we'll see in the remaining part of 2017.
Bob Livingston: A bit more modestly. We've got an active pipeline, but I will - to be quite frank, it's near-term over the next three, five, six months. There's nothing upsizing our pipeline. You may see us close on a couple or maybe even three. I would label them as smaller activities and Brad it can't even be at $100 million - all three of them are much less than $100 million. So they are small bolt-ons and add-ons. But I would also tell you, don't be surprised if you see another divestitures announcement here in the next few months. 
Bob Livingston: I think we will do our best to offset dilution this year. But beyond that, I’d like to keep the capital available for growth initiatives and M&A. 
Bob Livingston: So let's see, I think in our guide, Brad, we have $0.10, had $0.10 impact on EPS guide for '17 with respect to our growth investments. So let's say rough number that's about $25 million. I would say half of that is within Engineered Systems. And when I – and actually to be more specific, half of that $25 million is actually within our Printing & ID platform, and it's pretty evenly split between our marking and coding business and our digital textile business. And marking and coding, it's both, I call it some advanced and a little bit faster - I had the way I want to describe some – not so much rental product launch, let's call it some technology development that we'd like to bring on a little bit quicker than we had in our three years stat plan that we've looked at a year ago or six months ago, and some channel development. We've got a little bit more we want to do at – in our marking and coating business around channel development and so we have green lighted these investments. They'll be phased-in during the year but we have green lighted these investments. Within digital textile, two main areas for the increased incremental investment, number one is around channel mostly related to service capability development, especially in some of the emerging markets that we’re now starting to sell equipment into. But the one item that's different that we're going to fund this year is a technology center or even a center, let's call it a center of excellence that's focused on more than just working with our print customers. But it's going to be set up in a way that it actually encourages and helps facilitate the owners of the label, the fashion houses, to actually allow us to get a little bit more engaged with them at an earlier point of the design cycle to also promote and push the use of our equipment. So it's about half and half but the bulk of it is in Printing & ID.
Bob Livingston: That's our discrete tax and this is no real offset to that, no. So you could think about within the guide, the previous guide range of $3 to $3.05, the discrete put us – if you include them we’re at the upper end of the range, if you exclude them we’re at the lower end of the range versus where we were previously.
Bob Livingston: As you know we don't forecast discrete tax benefits. They are very lumpy. They come when they come so to speak. There was an international piece associated with this $0.05 and some state related reserves. So very much tail end related. In fact, we had to wait to see the year completed itself before we knew for sure whether we met the goal to release them and that's why it was very late in the game.
Bob Livingston: Well, no actually, I don't know if I can say predominant. I know that was one of the characteristics that was different in the fourth quarter, especially in December. I would also tell you that we actually didn't have the rollover in Hillphoenix revenue in December like we normally see. And Hillphoenix is a pretty big generator of cash for us in the fourth quarter historically, so it is a little bit of inventory and a little bit of DSO. But I'm telling you there's nothing unusual in it, Joe.
Bob Livingston: What is unusual from an operating perspective is to actually see as build inventory through the quarter.
Bob Livingston: Okay. I don't have an exact numbers here. I know we've got working capital – our working capital target for '17. I don't have the absolute number. I know we're - our internal targets are to reduce our working capital metric. I think its 60 or 80 bps in '17 with most of the emphasis, most of that improvement coming out of inventory.
Bob Livingston: No. It’s – I wouldn’t label North America is a big driver of that for us this year. We have participated in this. We continue to participate in that, but the upside in '17 we're actually starting to see some of the emerging economies especially in China. In fact, our – we have had some pleasantly to note we've had even here early in January we've had a very strong start on order activity in China with respect to this vertical.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, of course the board in Energy they were sequentially up as you know, and the margin conversion was quite good. In fact, going into 2017, sequentially, we would expect very strong margin conversion and year-over-year margin conversion in Energy in excess of 40%.
Brad Cerepak: And maybe I can add to that a little bit. And maybe just pick up where Bob left off on our margin profile. And what I would add to that is, as we progress through the year, we see the first quarter margin really setting up lower year-over-year, given the Refrigeration and some other things including Tokheim becoming what I call core now. So I'm talking core margins, first quarter being below the prior year but then progressively improving throughout the year where we see our core margin expanding for the year, by roughly 20 basis points year-over-year, being impacted again by what we said already, by investment levels that we are making. So the progression for the year really coming off of last year is what I would say modestly down margins in the first quarter, expanding margins throughout the rest of the year. Important that's our profile….
Brad Cerepak: Yes. And coupled with by the way let's not forget that we had gains on dispositions in first quarter and in the…
Brad Cerepak: In '16 and in the fourth quarter now. So the way I think about it first quarter 2016 was $0.52 and with margin that we're talking about we're not giving guidance for the first quarter. But I would tell you we see modest improvement off of that $0.52, and then…
Brad Cerepak: Not significant, but more significant than as we progressed through the year. So hopefully that gives you an insight on our margin expectations and what's driving the top-line into more of a back half versus first half growth rate.
Brad Cerepak: The other color I'd give you, Steve, on that is December inventory build, we actually had December increase in inventory and that's pretty unusual for us. But the – it was in response to stronger order activity we saw in November and December. Our order rates built through the quarter excluding refrigeration, our order rates pretty much across the board within Dover built through the quarter, we typically don't see an inventory build in December. We experienced a little bit of that this year.
Brad Cerepak: Look, I think the guide we're giving for '17 of 2.4% is that the number, Brad? 2.4% of revenue, Steve, that's a good number.
Brad Cerepak: I'd almost say it's a good top end number for the next couple of years. You have to appreciate, we still have even with all the cost takeouts and Energy over the last couple of years, Steve we didn't impair assets.
Brad Cerepak: So with respect to production tooling and autoclaves and everything else, we're – we actually won't see the standard level of CapEx within the Energy business that we perhaps saw in '11, '12, '13 and '14.
Brad Cerepak: Kind of going back to what I said before in the 20 million, the lion share of the way we think about that right now is for synergy benefits related to Tokheim and Wayne integration, I would say half of that,– I think I use the number before $9 million or $9 million to $10 million. We’ll see how that develops. But that’s the current thinking of half of that going into fluids. Some of the spend is also going to be in DES as we continue to do some restructuring and some of the industrial business that we have there. Like Bob said, very little, very little in terms of DRFE and then very little in terms of DE as well. So that's kind of the way we’re thinking about it right now.
Brad Cerepak: Well, we have the number at, I'd say excluding restructuring, deal costs and the like, last year I have 18.3.
