Paul E. Goldberg: Thank you, Paula. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s third quarter earnings call. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s third quarter operating and financial performance and follow with an update of our 2014 outlook. We will then open the call up for questions. And as a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, Form 10-Q and investor supplement and associated presentation, can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through October 30 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for 3 months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 10369221. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thanks Bob. At this point, I’d just like to remind everyone if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow-up, we would greatly appreciate it. And with that, Paula, if we can have the first question.
Paul E. Goldberg: Yes, give it to the entire group Jeffrey T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: All right, great. Thank you.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thank you, Paula. This concludes our conference call. We thank you as always for your continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking to you in January to go over the full year results. Have a good day.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. I was pleased with our strong finish to the third quarter. As we shared with you a few weeks ago, we did have some pockets of unexpected softness in July and August. However, September business activity was quite strong and exceeded expectations. The overall result was revenue and bookings growth at each segment. Most notably, Fluids delivered 17% growth, while Energy and Engineered Systems each grew 8%. In all, we generated 8% revenue growth and grew EPS 8%. Our 10% bookings growth, coupled with a strong September, sets us up well for the fourth quarter. From a geographic perspective, the U.S., Europe and Asia all had solid organic growth, whereas Canada and Brazil declined year-over-year. Now let me share some specific comments on the quarter. In Energy, we continue to benefit from strong U.S. well activity and an increased rig count, especially in our core production and drilling markets namely the Permian, Eagle Ford and Bakken basins. This activity along with double-digit Middle East growth, more than offset weakness in bearings and winches.  In Engineered Systems, we achieved solid growth across both platforms. Within Printing and Identification we saw growth in both our fast moving consumer goods and industrial markets, especially in the U.S. Also, our recent MS acquisition, which specializes in digital printing for textiles is off to a great start with Dover and contributed 9% growth to the platform. The industrial platform also achieved strong growth, led by outstanding results in our auto-related businesses.  Our Fluids segment performed well, where robust market conditions for fluid transfer products, complemented by recent acquisitions, resulted in strong revenue growth. This growth is primarily tied to positive global retail fuming activity, along with tailwinds from emerging fluid transfer safety regulations. Our Refrigeration & Food Equipment revenue was generally solid in the third quarter, but overall results were below our expectations. Refrigeration revenue, while positive, was impacted by the timing of shipments to a major retailer, specifically in Mexico and small store formats in the U.S. We expect to deliver the bulk of these push-outs in the fourth quarter. We have made great strides in strengthening our company in 2014. We have completed a number of productivity initiatives across the organization and have enhanced several of our businesses via acquisition, including our recently completed Accelerated transaction. Accelerated brings ESP technology, one of the fastest growing product categories in North America Artificial Lift. In total, we have invested roughly $800 million on acquisitions year to date. As a result, we’ve expanded our global footprint in Fluid Transfer, opened new markets for our Printing and Identification business and we have significantly broadened our product offerings in Artificial Lift. Our acquisition pipeline is rebuilding and our near-term focus is on smaller, bolt-on targets. Regarding the fourth quarter, we expect solid organic growth in Energy driven by North American well activity, especially in Texas and the Rockies and improved conditions in compression, continued organic growth in Engineered Systems driven by strong dynamics in our Industrial platform and global growth in our Printing and Identification, strong results in our Fluids markets primarily driven by regulatory tailwinds in Fluid Transfer, a positive retail fueling environment and continuing solid global markets for our pump businesses and a slightly stronger seasonal pattern in Refrigeration & Food Equipment segment, reflecting shipments of a very strong Q3 ending backlog. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks Brad. Overall, I’m pleased with our performance especially our strong September. We delivered solid revenue and earnings growth and also saw strong quarter activity. Looking forward, I believe we’re well positioned for continued success based on our products, technologies, and competitive positions. Within energy, we expect our U.S. activity to remain solid given the basins we participate in and expect our global growth initiatives to continue to yield opportunities. We are enthusiastic about our recent accelerated deal. The technology accelerated brings to our portfolio, combined with our existing rod lift products allows us to offer customers artificial lift solutions earlier and for the complete life of their wells. All of these factors positioned us very well with our customers. In Engineered Systems, growing global applications for our Printing & Identification technology including the emerging digital textile market and the increasing awareness around food safety provides ample opportunities for expansion. Within our industrial markets, our customers’ desire for productivity solutions along with a strong market or our auto-related businesses offer significant growth prospects. Within Fluids, increasing regulations regarding vapor recovery and the safe transport of chemicals and fuels provides a strong business climate for our Fluid Transfer businesses. Additionally, our Pumps business is benefiting from generally solid markets, particularly in North America and the Middle East, as well as the introduction of new products. And finally, in Refrigeration & Food Equipment we continue to focus on the ongoing needs of our customers for productivity and sustainable solutions. In addition, the regulatory environment is providing tailwinds with regard to energy efficiency standards, which plays to the strength of our product portfolio. In closing, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results.  With that, Paul, let’s take some questions.
Robert A. Livingston: No, I would say it was primarily driven by revenue and volume, and it was one business that was across the board. We had a little bit better volume as order rates picked up in the last couple of weeks of the month. We had a little bit better volume in our drilling business, and we continued to see strong activity in the U.S. market for artificial lift. artificial lift in the U.S. finished stronger in September than we had anticipated even at the middle of the month.Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay. thanks, I’ll pass it on. appreciate it. 
Robert A. Livingston: I would say if we do anything it will be too small to even announce.Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Okay. Well, thanks, Bob.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, we’ll refer back. As you mentioned, we’ve been through this before. It seems like a long time ago, but it was in the first half of 2009 and the business leaders, the segment leadership team has the ability to take cost out just about as quickly as we did in the first part of 2009, especially in our Artificial Lift business as well as in our drilling businesses. I would enable it, from a cost takeout point, we an attractive relationship between variable cost and fixed cost and we can pull the trigger pretty quickly in that area. John, for you and for the others, let me sort of put this in perspective for you. So the Energy segment, rough number. It’s a $2 billion revenue segment. We’ve got about $500 million in revenue and what I would label as our bearings and compression part of the business, not directly connected to rig count, or the drilling activity per se. Within drilling, or which is, and we’ve recognized this. Our drilling activity is highly correlated to rig count. I would say, it’s $450 million to $500 million in revenue. And then that would leave our artificial lift business activity, which is roughly $1 billion. And of that $1 billion, about 20% of it is non-North American activity, but 20% of it is – we will label it as automation. And it has much less to do with drilling activity and much more around offering productivity solutions and tool sets for our customers to optimize the cash flow and the profitability of individual wells and fields. So that needs about 60%, or about $600 million, of this $1 billion artificial lift business, around what I’d call pure artificial lift tools equipment. In that 60%, rough number, rough split about 50% of it is after-market. More so on pumps than it is on rides, but about a 50% split to after-market and about 50% to new installations. So if we were to continue to see a precipitous decline in the price of oil, I think what we’re going to see it first, we’re going to be watching rig counts. And we see a decline in rig counts. We’re going to see it very quickly in our drilling business. And I’m talking global numbers here. We’re going to watch it pretty closely. We have not seen that yet, John. With respect to new installation and artificial lift, yes, a decrease in deployed rig counts will eventually show up in artificial lift numbers. We are still depending and we’ve seen this in the past, in 2009 that, that decline would start to be measured and felt, five, six, eight months after you see the beginning decline in rig counts. And I hope that gives you a little bit of detail and how we’re looking at it.John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  That’s actually really helpful, and Bob, you mentioned that 20% automation, maybe given the constructive declining oil price is clearly one of the ways you keep these wells flowing is to make them more productive. Does this perhaps advance your own...
Robert A. Livingston: Yes, John that has been the clear strategic decision we’ve made over the last five years, since the last downturn is to recognize that the automation capability that we could offer and we have grown that offering both organically as well as M&A over the last three or four years that that automation as well as our decision to expand and grow outside of North America, we think mitigates against the short decline that we saw in 2009 in this segment.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay, and I would tell you that there is nothing upsize that we have in our near-term pipeline, but the two or three that we have some interest in that we would look at and hope to close maybe in the next few months or in that area, John.
Robert A. Livingston: Even if things get ugly I don’t think it would qualify as a MAC clause, Scott. But the real answer is we now own it and there is no price adjustment.
Robert A. Livingston: when you look at what’s in our pipeline that we could conceivably close on here in the fourth quarter, or in the first quarter of next year on labeling those deals that we have touched points on today is being small bolt-ons. The comment you make Scott is very, very appropriate and it’s something that we talk about a lot even here in, especially here in the last two or three weeks is we see a correction like this that we believe this does give us an opportunity, but Scott for privately-owned businesses, I would tell you that there probably is at least a six-month lag on valuation set points and expectations of privately-owned businesses relative to a turning point in the public market.
Robert A. Livingston: No, I think one specifically that was the size of, or if not a bit larger than accelerated. we believe that there was an agreement signed, but we don’t know.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, if I had the same revenue level in Q4 as we had in Q3, you’d see the margin come back. the biggest, I would call it almost an embarrassment that we dealt with in refrigeration in the third quarter were the issues around supply chain and logistics, and as I commented earlier actually, I sort of do a mea culpa here and that was sort of self-inflected, I would also tell you that issue was behind us, it was, as we went through the month of September, we feel like that problem was corrected. and by the way, it was corrected well enough that we had a record revenue month at Hill Phoenix in the month of September. A part of the issue, as I commented earlier was some push outs, I would just call it noise around scheduling that was itself inflected that we were having to deal with and that created quite a bit of labor inefficiency and scheduling inefficiencies in July and August particularly July and August. We’ve got a very strong, I’m not sure if it’s a record backlog or not, it very well may be, but we’ve had a very strong backlog at Hill Phoenix as we exit quarter three and the bulk of – a significant amount of our activity for Hill Phoenix for the fourth quarter is actually being delivered and earned in October. And as we sit here a little past mid month, the push outs from October to the early part of November have been minimal.Julian C. H. Mitchell – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Good, great.
Robert A. Livingston: Let me just add a thought here as you’re asking about margins and bringing into Q4. One thing I do want to point out as we mentioned before is that our energy, I know we’re talking refrigeration right now, but our energy margins in Q4 will be impacted quite significantly by the accelerated deal. And so while you see very solid margins in Q3 that core margin expectation remains, what we will see as an impact of almost let’s say 450 basis points to 500 basis points impact to energy in the fourth quarter due to purchase accounting and the rollover in essence of the inventory through the P&L.Julian C. H. Mitchell – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Robert A. Livingston: Brad, help me on this one…Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: I mean the material or is it – I mean is it…
Robert A. Livingston: We saw the announcement, in fact I would tell you that it was news to us. We’ve seen that in some of the discussions we’ve had with Wal-Mart in the last 30 to 60 days. I think their comments that they shared, Steve, with respect to store activity, number one, was new store construction, and number two, it was new store construction in the U.S.  We fully expect Wal-Mart to continue with a pretty healthy remodel program in 2015 and based upon everything we are seeing and hearing, seeing we’ve actually got some orders on the books and we’ve been told there are more coming that their new store construction and remodel activity outside of the U.S. continues to be pretty healthy next year.Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. It’s all around compression activity. And I would – I have to start with a little bit of a revisit perhaps even into the some data we shared and some announcements we saw from some of our customers, as well as some CapEx announcements that were made earlier in the year by some of the larger E&P operators that with and I guess we started to see this late in the first quarter and going into the second quarter, where there was much more of a focus by the big guys in the oil patch to improve their cash flow. And there was some deferment and perhaps even some cancellation of projects. Not that we saw the cancellation. We actually saw some customer cancelling projects in areas outside of North America. And for us, it’s around – that bearing activity is around the gas turbine for pipeline and transmission activity. We do believe that we’ve passed the bottom on that. We’ll see how this one unfolds over the next quarter or two. But we saw in all three, maybe even four of the OEMs that we support with our bearing business, especially GE and Siemens.Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And can you also comment on Printing & ID, because one of your competitors has also made positive comments about it. I’m just surprised by the organic growth given all the headlines.  
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I think the market is performing quite nicely. But I’d like to think we over performed the market. Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Terrific. Thank you very much. 
Robert A. Livingston: Okay well, I think, two different businesses in two different applications and I call it verticals. Mag is mostly, most of their play is in the chemical and plastics vertical and Fender is mostly in the oil and gas vertical, and even there, I would tell you that most of – almost all of the Fender’s activity is outside of the U.S. market. That still remains an opportunity for us. I don’t have the detail by quarter on how each of those two businesses have shown on their booking trajectory. Just because of the nature of the business and it’s probably little bit more lumpy at Fender than it is at Maag. But nature of their business does include a fair amount of project activity and a project award. And second quarter may result in organic bookings growth, or bookings growth of 20% over booked over the previous year. And the lack of that project award in the third quarter may result in negative bookings growth when you compare it year-over-year. When you look at it over longer periods of time, the growth at Fender, my goodness, has been – is the business up 50% since we acquired the business two years ago. I mean that may be the magnitude of the growth we’ve seen at Maag. What I call the two and half years that we’ve owned the business. And Fender, we’ve owned for a little less than a year and this year has been a year of consolidation and on-boarding of Fender. I think you’ll some growth in Fender next year.Nathan Hardie Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: But in term of…
Robert A. Livingston: It is a ramped project activity.Nathan Hardie Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Yes, in terms of maybe RFPs or something like that, you haven’t seen any meaningful change in activity.
Robert A. Livingston: It’s less than $100 million for Dover, but I know sitting here today it’s going to be difficult for us to anticipate or project any growth in Brazil for next year or at least I don’t want to, but in the third quarter our decline in revenue in the third quarter I think was well over 14% in Brazil.
Brad M. Cerepak: Oh, boy, I don’t think I had that data in hand right now. I will ask Paul to follow-up with you on that.
Brad M. Cerepak: Good morning, John. John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank: Bob, you’ve been through these energy downturns or swings before and I think your performances really, I mean, it really stands out. What I’m trying to understand is sort of connecting the dots between low price of oil, well appears to be pretty meaningful rising competition in North America, perhaps for some of your own businesses. What’s the playbook here in terms of the steps you would take in anticipating and then reacting to perhaps a meaningful scale back from your customers who, I understand are already sort of planning CapEx for next year now. So they’re sort of doing that against the backdrop of pretty low oil prices. And just any color you could have based on your experience would be helpful and how you’re thinking about those.
Brad M. Cerepak: And by the way Scott, I was actually happy and pleased with the price we were able to deliver to Dover and to our shareholders…
Brad M. Cerepak: I think that it gets back to the Bob’s point that we walked away from; in the third quarter, two what I would characterize is mid-sized deals. 
Brad M. Cerepak: And again, I will use the word ugly and I think Paul is about right to chock me and tell me we are out of time.
