Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. The first quarter was much improved across Dover and better than anticipated. Revenue increased 15% over last year and our orders were 41% above a weak first quarter of 2009. Our 2009 acquisitions contributed 5% revenue growth in the quarter. Positive trends noted in the second half of '09 continued in Electronic Technologies, Energy and Product ID and business activity also improved in Fluid Solutions and Material Handling. Clearly, we are seeing evidence of a global economic recovery across a wide portion of our portfolio and we expect these trends to benefit to us next quarter and for the year. Thus we have increased guidance for the year and Brad will discuss our updated outlook later in the call. With that, let's move to our first quarter results. Today, we reported first-quarter earnings per share of $0.65, up 97% from last year. First quarter revenue was $1.6 billion, an increase of 15% over last year and 5% sequentially. First quarter revenue was stronger than expected at Fluid Management and Electronic Technologies, slightly better than expected at Industrial Products. Revenue at Engineered Systems was as anticipated and order rates were robust. The order rates at Engineered Systems have them well-positioned for a strong seasonal upswing the next two quarters. Net earnings from continuing operations were $122 million, nearly double last year's result. I was very pleased to see bookings accelerate as the quarter progressed. For the quarter, bookings were $1.8 billion, again up 41% over the prior year and a 13% sequential improvement. For the second consecutive quarter, sequential bookings growth was double digit and the strength of those bookings was across a wide portion of our portfolio. Bookings increased in all segments on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. Book-to-bill finished at 1.12. Operating margin for the quarter was 15%, up 480 basis points. Margins improved at Industrial Products, Engineered Systems and Electronic Technologies and remained strong at Fluid Management. Sequentially margins improved at each segment. These solid results reflect higher volume and the continuing benefits of restructuring actions taken in 2009. It was very gratifying to see how well our companies converted volume to earnings. In the first quarter, we generated free cash flow of $48 million, 3% of revenue. Our first quarter is traditionally the weakest in terms of cash flow generation. This quarter's cash flow also reflects an increase in working capital to support revenue growth. I remain confident that full-year free cash flow will be around 10% of revenue. Our acquisition pipeline remains active as we continue to look for opportunities which complement our strong positions and diversify our geographic footprint. Though we did not close any deals in the first quarter, we remain confident we will complete some strategic add-ons as the year unfolds. Now, let me turn the call over to Brad for comments on our segment performance.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Brad. Good review. I was pleased with our performance in the first quarter, especially with regard to revenue and booking growth, conversion and operating margin. We expect to see an even stronger second quarter, partly due to seasonality. While line of sight is somewhat limited with regard to the back half of 2010, we also expect those year-over-year comparisons to be favorable. Lastly, as we have begun to recover from the depths of the recession, I have been encouraged to hear multiple success stories from our business leaders with respect to market share gains, new product launches, traction in our supply chain initiative and the excellent performance of our 2009 acquisitions. We believe we are well positioned in our markets and our business leaders are focused on growth. I am confident they will deliver. Before I close, I would like to once again acknowledge the tremendous efforts of our operating companies with regard to margin performance. I was both encouraged and quite proud by how quickly our operating companies drove margins back to 15%. This puts us on a solid footing to deliver full-year margins on par with prior peak levels. With that, I will turn it back to Paul for questions.
Bob Livingston: I think it is a little bit of both, Scott. If you – you need to look at Electronic Technologies and look at the two different groupings, communication component companies versus the assembly and test companies. The growth rate in the assembly and test companies has been quite strong, not just in the first quarter, but during the second half of ’09 versus the trough there in the first half of ’09. That type – that level of growth, that level of change I would say is not unusual or abnormal when you come out of a low point in the electronic cycle. I think your real question is, are we capturing share or are we just riding with the market? I think in some targeted areas, we are capturing share. MEMS, I would point to one, as we continue to see our growth in MEMS outpace the growth in the cell phone market. I am thinking some new product launches within the assembly and test companies, the product launches have been quite successful.
Bob Livingston: Well, we – I guess we would share those concerns and I think we have built them into our model. If you look at our growth, our revised guidance on growth for the year, 7% to 10% organic, we had 7% in the first quarter. We've got an easier comp going into the second quarter, Nigel. But even with that, I will tell you that our organic growth forecast for the second quarter is midteens. We take that down significantly in the second half, even though it is still favorable. We are looking at organic growth comparisons to the second half of last year of mid-single digits. So why? You have touched on the two whys, the electronics business and our energy business. With respect to energy, the guys had a great start here to the year. We had a good first quarter. We are modeling that to essentially go sideways for the balance of the year. We take some of the steam off the engine, so to speak, at Electronic Technologies in the second half. There is some seasonality that we expect to return to that business in the fourth quarter. I think we are recognizing that in our modeling.
Bob Livingston: Well, longer term, let's look at the next couple of years instead of the next seven. We were very pleased with the margin performance in the first quarter. And as I said in my prepared comments, I think it sets us up well to return to our peak margin performance and we will achieve that this year. It will be between 15% to 16% operating margins. I think we do have some upside beyond that. It is something that we are discussing and looking at quite diligently across the businesses. But for modeling purposes within a couple of years, I see us very capable of being at 17% margins or perhaps a bit better.
Bob Livingston: Well, remind me what the book-to-bill was for Hill Phoenix in the first quarter, Brad, it was astounding. I think it was 1.4 or 1.45.
Bob Livingston: And I am not sure we've ever had a book-to-bill at Hill Phoenix in this level of nosebleed territory. I don't know what the percentage of our bookings were from Target. We were very pleased with the Target awards we had in the first quarter. They were higher than we had planned coming into the quarter. We are expecting the guys to have a very, very strong second and third quarter as they satisfy the customers that have awarded us this business in the first quarter.
Bob Livingston: Well, there is two parts to the capacity response, or response to the increasing orders. One is our work force, the second part is our supply chain.John Inch – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Bob Livingston: We feel very positive with the guidance we gave you in January with respect to those financial targets.John Inch – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Bob Livingston: That's correct. The guys at Hill PHOENIX had the unenviable position this year of comparing to a very, very strong quarter in 2009. I think their organic sales in the first quarter were slightly negative, maybe 3 points.Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: 3 points.
Bob Livingston: It has a lot to do with just timing and product mix and customer awards, and is it going to ship in March or is it going to ship in April.Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Yeah. I totally understand. I just want to have the base right as we think about rolling into the season here.
Bob Livingston: You asked the question, but you make a statement. I don't think I said that it has improved. I said it was still quite activeJeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Okay.
Bob Livingston: Well, I can't comment on external interest. There is no change on our preparatory processes, to use your language.Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Great. Thank you.
Bob Livingston: I think, Steve, perhaps the only other cover I would add to that, if you look at our modeling and our revised guidance for the year, our first-quarter gross margin was 38% plus a little bit. We see us sustaining that for the balance of the year.
Bob Livingston: Actually, I am not concerned about the gross margin and the commodity cost management at Hill PHOENIX. They do an outstanding job at that. I think the only thing that happened in the first quarter that probably cost us – I'm going to guess and say maybe $0.01, Brad, was the rapid increase in nickel in the first quarter. And we did feel that impact as well.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Rob.Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: What do you ask after such a solid report? I want to ask a question – I mean, it is relevant to the quarter's numbers, but maybe it goes little bit beyond that too. Looking at Fluid Management and Brad, as you went through your report on how the individual businesses had done. We had energy up 18 and Fluid Solutions up 25 on an earnings basis. Of course, the whole segment is up only 15. I think we all understand that there are some eliminations and adjustments in the earnings numbers that you report to us, or the change relative to what would be reported on an income statement. But maybe it would be useful to remind us why with the two businesses growing earnings faster than what the segment did where the source of incremental expenses come from.
Bob Livingston: I think we have clearly have seen that in our – at the DEK business with respect to their traditional core printers. And one of the more – one of the more interesting product launch successes we have had over the last 18 months was a product launch in the depths of the recession in the first quarter of last year by DEK, the solar printing product offering. That has shown very, very strong growth over the last 15 months. And order activity there was quite strong in the first quarter. Within the test business, we have seen very strong order rates at Multitest in their first quarter and believe we are taking share there.Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Keep it up, guys.
Bob Livingston: Let me start first with sort of the revenue split for the first quarter and it's probably not much different than it was during most of last year. North America and this is both U.S. and Canada, so in North America, it was 60% of our revenue, Europe about 18%, Asia 14 to 15%, Latin America 4 to 5%. And I know I'm missing 2 or 3 points just call it other. I think the second part it was growth. Am I picking that up true, Alex?Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Well, yes. Other companies are seeing that North American part and European – Western Europe is relatively weak and the real strength is in Asia and Latin America.
Bob Livingston: Well, both. It's not something we are responding to this quarter, it's something we have been working on for the past 18 months. And again, not to overemphasize this, but it is a key part. It was the effort we made starting in the second half of '08, but really did complete it last year was the establishment of our regional headquarters in China, which is providing a fair amount of infrastructure and assistance. And we are clearly are, as we went through the downturn and did our restructuring in the first half of last year, we did. As we closed some manufacturing facilities in North America and Europe, at the same time we were bringing up some new facilities in Asia in anticipation of the recovery of the economy. And we think it has benefited us. We will continue to do that.Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: It sure looks like it. Thank you.
Bob Livingston: Well, I don't have that breakdown between the platforms within DFM. You can probably follow up with Paul, this afternoon or Monday and get that detail.
Bob Livingston: No. I agree with that. In fact, when we look at our second quarter forecast and I will use the word experts in parentheses, when we look at the expert forecast for the second quarter, rig count does start to moderate a little bit. So from our viewpoint the average rig count now in the second quarter forecast is about level with what the average was in the first quarter. But it is starting to decline. We see a real mix of forecast for the second half of the year with respect to rig count deployment. But we are assuming that activity is going to moderate a bit during the year.
Bob Livingston: That's part of it. But you also have to appreciate that our entire energy business is not directly correlated to rig count deployment. Obviously, our sucker rod business is pretty tightly correlated, as well as U.S. synthetics. But U.S. synthetics business is also quite international. So it is not quite as dependent on North America rig count activity as perhaps Norris sucker rods.
Bob Livingston: Well, we have been asking those same questions. I mean it's not unusual when you see a strong recovery off of a deep trough for some customers to be concerned enough about capacity and supply constraints that there is some of that. Within our equipment businesses we don't believe its happening, Terry. We have scrubbed that one pretty hard.
Bob Livingston: Nothing that I have here in front of me or anything that I can recall. But, Terry, I will tell you, when you look at the early activity here in the second quarter, the order rates within the electronics segment as a group and then even in the individual companies the April order rates are staying quite strong.
Bob Livingston: I think the best guidance, I can give you right now is overall for Dover look at the bookings expectation for the second quarter to be relatively flat with the first.
