Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Paula. Good morning and welcome to Dover's fourth quarter earnings call. Today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's fourth quarter and full year operating and financial performance, and follow with our outlook for 2013. We will then open the call to questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement, and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through February 7th, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code, 86837487. And before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statements. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Bob. At this point I'd just like to remind everybody, if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow-up, we will be able to get more questions. So with that, Paula, if you can give us the first question.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Paula. This concludes our conference call. With that, we would like to thank you for your continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good day.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Brad. As I mentioned earlier I am very pleased with our fourth quarter and 2012 performance. We delivered strong revenue and earnings growth in a tough environment. This is clearly a testament to the strength of our businesses and the responsiveness of our leadership teams across the company. Looking ahead to 2013, I remain confident in the positions we hold in our five key growth spaces, which now represent nearly 80% of our revenue. Our continued focus in these areas offer substantial growth opportunities. I feel very good about the prospects for 2013 in all four segments. The acquisition of Anthony and new product offerings will help drive growth at Engineered Systems. Communication Technologies will continue to grow as consumer demand for better audio products and their mobile devices surges on. Global expansion opportunities in production and downstream will fuel Energy's growth. And Printing & Identification will benefit in growth from a expansion of core applications and new product launches. Going forward, we continue to make internal investments to ensure we can properly support and service our customers. Included in our plans this year is the build out of a manufacturing facility in the Philippines, which will support the growth we anticipate in both the handset and hearing aid markets. In addition, we are supporting our growing heat extinguisher business with a new manufacturing plant in Oklahoma. We also plan to consolidate several facilities serving the Energy market into a new Houston operation and consolidate some of our refrigeration plants into a new facility in Georgia. Of course, we will continue to make innovation investments to ensure we stay at the forefront in technologies that help our customers win in their markets. In closing, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for the hard work and dedication in 2012. Their focus on serving customers and achieving results will continue to drive our success. Okay, Paul, let's take some questions.
Bob Livingston: Well, let me back up and put this in a little bit of context, Nigel and I think we shared a lot of this with you and others at Dover Day, but there are several trends driving our handset business in 2013. We still expect the smartphone market to grow in the mid 20% range this year and it will be supported by several new product releases probably from every major OEM and we continue to see the transition to smartphones from the lower end handsets. We continue to see the trend of using multiple mikes in each smartphone. We expect that to expand. In fact, we're now seeing several of the OEMs and there new designs for releases this year that are moving to three mikes per phone. You commented on Sound Solutions. We continue to expect Sound Solutions to improve sequentially through the year as they work to rebuild their share and we saw the evidence of this in the fourth quarter. The first quarter seasonality, it will be similar to what we have seen in the past, it will be down from the fourth quarter, but it is interesting, Nigel, as we look at a current look at the first quarter, our outlook for this segment for the first quarter isn't any different than we were looking at it 60 days ago, as we were finalizing our plans for 2013. We're going to see some market share shifts in the quarter but I think our broad coverage of the OEMs and the multiple design wins we have will prove to be quite a benefit.
Bob Livingston: No, there is nothing unusual than the fourth quarter. And I would expect the margins at Engineered Systems to be reflective in '13 of what they were in '12 with perhaps a little bit of improvement. 
Bob Livingston: We see a lot of noise on any given quarter around book-to-bill with individual companies or individual customers. Scott, it's interesting to note that it's probably a little bit different here with this part of our business than it is with the rest of our portfolio, in that we typically are only showing bookings in our handset activity for about the next two to two and a half months worth of production expectations. So, I think we are seeing some seasonality return to this business that's reflected in the book-to-bill especially in the latter part of the fourth quarter. As I commented, I think it was on Nigel's question, we will see the handset business down in the fourth quarter sequentially from the -- or in the first quarter sequentially from the fourth but we're still showing -- we're still expecting the business to show growth in their first quarter year-over-year.
Bob Livingston: Well, it always gives little bit of angst within the short-term or the near term as you see the shifts. But again, let me try to put this in context and let me use Knowles Acoustics as an example. I think in 2012, we produced and shipped a little over 1.2 billion microphones. Our plan for 2013 is about 1.5 billion microphones. You break that down if it were absolutely equal every quarter, which it's not, but if you looked at our quarterly average, what is that about 370 million or 375 million mikes per quarter for Knowles, you see a little bit of noise in ship during the quarter or during a half year period from customer-to-customer, we have to manage through that. But the volume expectations in serving the broader market and we do have a very, very good design coverage on the border market still gives us plenty of opportunity to grow for the year and to manage internally the ships that we do experience from customer-to-customer.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So when you look at our guidance for '13, gosh what is the V or the delta, Brad, on Sound Solutions from '12 to '13. It's --
Bob Livingston: On a V basis. So what I would tell you though is that full in with AD&A, we're still showing some drag on our EPS, there is small amount, but some drag. And by the time we exit though and we've consistently talked about it in this fashion, as we exit out the second half it's a positive contributor to our EPS.
Bob Livingston: And at the operating level ignoring the AD&A, the second half of the year we do have expectations so that the operating margins at Sound Solutions would be in low double digits.
Bob Livingston: Yeah, nothing new that we haven't been sharing with you over the last four or five or six quarterly calls. This has been a focus for us for the last two or three years. I think, last year, we probably experienced better than a 20% growth in our international business related to production that that continued in the fourth quarter. We see it continuing in '13, though it may be at a smaller growth rate but off of the higher base, but we're seeing it around the world not just Mexico, but other regions in South America, the Middle East, and Australia. Australia, over the last goodness 12, 15 months has proven to be a strong growth market for us as well.
Bob Livingston: No, I think on the lower-end phones it's still pretty safe to use a number of one microphone per phone. On the smartphones, as I commented earlier, we are seeing the growing trends in multiple mikes and actually it is we've been convinced of this for the last couple of years and I think '13 is going to be a proving point for us. We see it happening now that most of the -- a lot of the -- most of the new phones being introduced in 2013 will have three microphones.
Bob Livingston: Actually Steve I think what we're showing, what we're showing in consumer electronics actually is a bit cleaner than what we probably have initially. But consumer electronics, I think is entirely Knowles Acoustics. I'm excluding hearing aid business. Knowles Acoustics and Sound Solutions.
Bob Livingston: I am not sure I can give you the orders for the year. I would say that if you wanted some context on the PFresh Program and Steve, I would think in 2011, it was about a $130 million.
Bob Livingston: In 2012 it was about $30 million down. In 2012, with all most all of that down comparison being in the second half of last year.
Bob Livingston: If we were to exclude the tech businesses well, I do not have the data but we would have had growth but it would have been probably single digits in China in the fourth quarter. Actually, John it is interesting. If you look at all of Asia for the fourth quarter, the growth was probably little bit better than that.
Bob Livingston: The headline news that everyone reads with respect to the improving activity in China was reflected in our activity as well in the fourth quarter.
Bob Livingston: Okay. We tend to play -- let me step back. With speakers and receivers, we tend to have a position across the entire market whether it is the lower-end handsets   With respect to our microphone business, it tends to be much higher concentration in the smartphone segment. And again, it comes back to the multiple mikes per phone. The last year or so, I guess the example I would use would be Samsung, who has not only got the top-end smartphone product offerings but the mid range in the lower-end smartphone product offerings. We have a very, very strong design and share position with that customer and the products that we sell them tend to be same.
Bob Livingston: I think the relationship in the example I just used here was Samsung, is indicative of what we will see with other lower-end smartphones as they could introduce by other customers. It does increase the market for us.
Bob Livingston: Yes, to your first question on an operating basis it was about break-even. We continue to see we'll use the phrase our financial yields continue to improve and in a couple of the product areas, we're actually quite pleased with the yields that we're at now coming into 2013.
Bob Livingston: For product areas, I would say, yes, for individual lines, we probably still have a little bit more work to do on receivers and we have on speakers on the speaker boxes.
Bob Livingston: And again about as expected as we came into the quarter. Our outlook for '13 for our drilling business is essentially flat. You'll see it -- you'll see some different numbers during the year when we report quarterly, but our outlook for the year is going to be essentially flat. Embedded in our guidance is the assumptions and the data we use on what we think rig count will be in 2013. If you look at average for '12 versus average for '13 in the U.S. market, we expect the rig count average for '13 to be down again versus '12. Again and again I'm using average for '12 versus average for '13 about 3%. But if you look at where we ended the year at year-end '12 rig count, I think was like 1,760 units here in the U.S. We see it moderating down a bit further during the first quarter, but it's -- all indications are after the first quarter is that this will start to increase again and I think the average for '13 versus the year-end number for '12 it's up about 3% or 4%.
Bob Livingston: Mix change. I'm not sure; it's going to be any different in '13 than it was in '12. Other than, we continue very strongly to push the expansion of our artificial-lift business and some of our downstream applications into international markets. I mentioned in my prepared comments, small acquisition that we closed on in December and even though, it's a U.S. business that we acquired, our intent with this business is to dedicate all of its production capability over the next year or so to serving some of our international customers, it will continue to grow.
Bob Livingston: Therein, is you answer, I still think our North America business -- our North America slice of our drilling and production business is probably still 83%, 85% of the total.
Bob Livingston: Yeah, I guess when we were at Dover Day, I said at that time that we would complete somewhere around 70% to 80% of the buy against the $1 billion program. We completed 250 in the fourth quarter. I think you'll -- you should expect that we'll continue to buy more weighted towards the first half of the year in 2013, not necessarily lining up with free cash flow.
Brad Cerepak: Hi, Nigel, it's Brad. Let me try to answer that and then maybe we need a follow on but Anthony as you know acquired mid-December we have a lot of acquisition related costs and rollover of inventory happening in the fourth quarter tagging into the first. We still feel we're still on our same forecast for Anthony. I think I said at Dover Day we deliver $0.10 to $0.12 of full year EPS accretion for us. That continues to be our view except that first quarter will be more neutral as more acquisition rollover happens and then it picks up from that point forward. Some of that is -- they don't have this same seasonality picture as a Hill PHOENIX but there is some seasonality in the Anthony business of course as well. I guess I want to just back up for a second on this question of how we move sequentially into the quarter and into 2013. Bob talked about our expectations in the handset market, I've covered a little bit about the expectation on Anthony will not be contributing in the first quarter, but also the PFresh program was very powerful for us early part of 2012, that's not repeating itself. So, Hill PHOENIX will also have some more normal or traditional seasonality. And then, lastly, as we indicated earlier in the year -- earlier in the call we see rig counts growing throughout the year. So, our drilling business will get sequentially better throughout as well. So, in terms of the way we see starting the year, our starting the year will be more consistent with what we've experienced in years prior to 2012 in essence. And 2012 had a lot of strength to it in the first quarter. And so I would expect -- we don't give quarterly guidance but I would expect that the first quarter EPS should be around 20% of our full year, where I see it today.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah, we would expect the year-over-year would be all in, and when I say all in Jeff, I am talking about including AD&A, which is quite substantial in this business. As you know it would be $0.13 to $0.18 where our expectation on Sound Solutions will contribute $0.13 to $0.18 for 2013.
Brad Cerepak: Oh my goodness. I'm not sure I can split the difference for you. The margin performance to margin improvement in the fourth quarter one, number one, it was expected. We've been working towards this for the last two or three quarters and the restructuring of the third quarter.
Brad Cerepak: It was quite consistent with the third quarter. But the restructuring activity that we referred to were some changes we made in the business back in late first quarter and the second quarter and Deane it takes a few months for some of the benefits to flow through when we were starting to see those benefits in the third and fourth quarter. We think the -- we like where we're at now with Markem-Imaje. We had pretty decent growth at Markem-Imaje in the fourth quarter; I think it was 3% or 4%. We saw some softness in our industrial markets and that's specifically around our Datamax-O'Neil business that we think will change and we'll see some recovery in 2013. But the margins that we have at Markem-Imaje today and for the second half of the year we view as sustainable and we're looking for ways to incrementally improve of going into '13.
Brad Cerepak: So at one of our businesses. But a lot of spend this year in Compaq has been around restructuring our Telecom business. So we've had restructuring charges a little bit each quarter and that continued into the fourth quarter and we'll continue to look at that in 2013 to take more cost out as the Telecom markets remain fairly weak.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah, I think it is the latter. It's too soon to make that call. We do obviously have to look at goodwill impairments, once a year and we do that in the fourth quarter.
Brad Cerepak: But we are seeing sequential improvement. We continue to articulate our high expectations for this company and the prospects for it. As Bob indicated, we are going to see sequential growth for 2013 and exit at a level that is not satisfactory to us, but a significant improvement. We see our way back to the historical levels of profitability. You recall this business at one point had high 20s EBITDA margins and I think that is still within our reach.
Brad Cerepak: More to do, we're not done yet, but it's we were quite pleased with the progress that we made in the fourth quarter.
