Richard Tobin: Thanks, Jack. Good morning, everybody. Let's start with the performance highlights on Slide three. Our team delivered a strong second quarter performance, which related to record quarterly revenue and sequential year-over-year earnings growth. Consolidated organic revenue growth of 7% in the quarter as our businesses continue to capitalize on strong backlogs and pricing actions continue to take hold. We believe our ability to execute and provide needed capacity in today's challenging environment has led to noteworthy share gains in multiple markets, which is positive for our continued growth. Components shortages and COVID lock downs and China did negatively impact shipping volumes and consequently efficiency and fixed cost absorption and several businesses during the period, despite these difficulties, as well as FX headwinds are absolute segment profit increased year-over-year, and operating margin improved sequentially in the quarter driven by cost controls good volume and meaningfully improving price cost dynamics. Our strong balance sheet provides flexibility for value creating capital allocation initiatives. We're investing in capacity expansions and productivity improvements across many of our operating companies to capitalize on secular revenue growth opportunities, capture market share and drive improvements in operational performance. The recently-announced Malema acquisition will enhance our biopharma business closed on July 1, and we continue our pursuit of attractive bolt on acquisitions. We also repurchased $85 million worth of shares in the second quarter will continue to proactively evaluate capital deployment alternatives through the remainder of the year. Our strong backlog and constructive demand outlook and execution playbook position as well to deliver growth in revenue and earnings amidst an increasingly uncertain macroeconomic backdrop. We are maintaining our 2022 adjusted full year guidance of $8.45 to $8.65 per share. I'll skip slide four which shows the detailed quarterly results. Let's move on to Slide five to discuss segment performance. Engineered products revenue was up 19% organically in the quarter on broad base strength across the portfolio in major geographies as well as pricing actions. Margins were up 130 basis points sequentially, and we expect the trend to continue through the second half as price cost spread continues to roll forward. Clean Energy and Fueling volumes are driven by strength in Clean Energy components vehicle wash, and below-ground fueling components offset by the expected roll off of EMV related demand in North America, which peaked in the comparable quarter last year. Margins in the quarter were down year-over-year on lower volumes and constrained inputs and to a certain extent mix. The sequential margin improvement was significant, however, at 410 basis points versus last quarter driven by improving cost dynamics and product mix. In Imaging & ID volumes and our core marketing and coding business were constrained by electronics and other input shortages as well as COVID lock downs in China is offset growth in our serialization of brand management software businesses. FX is a material negative headwind to absolute revenue profits in the segment, given its large base of international revenue. Q2 margins and Imaging & ID were impacted by lower volumes and production stoppages in Asia, but improved sequentially. The team has done a good job in cost containment and finding alternative suppliers to alleviate supply chain constraints and we are confident about good margin conversion in the second half. Pumps and Process Solutions posted a 7% organic growth -- strong double digit growth in our core non-COVID biopharma business, as well as robust growth in medical and thermal connectors, industrial pumps polymer processing and precision components.  Operating margin in the quarter remains robust at 31% plus despite a mix shift towards industrial components. Top line and alignment and sustainability technologies continue to be strong, posting 11% organic growth on solid volume in heat exchangers and beverage can making as well as pricing across all businesses. Volumes and food retail were constrained by supply chain challenges which negatively impact cost efficiency and will result in shipments pushing out into Q4. Comparable and sequential margins were up in the quarter on better mix and price costs, though partially offset by production, efficiencies, and input shortages. As you can see we're marching towards our mid-teens operating margin target in this segment. I'll pass it on to Brad here.
Richard Tobin: On the commodity side, we get the majority of it in the second half, right? So all of that has been in inventory for some period of time of what we've been waiting for is the pricing to roll forward. So we've seen a significant improvement in Q2. And the expectation is on the backlog. The raw materials being fully priced in the back half of the year and those businesses that are exposed to raw materials, and that's why we're confident about the margin accretion potential.
Richard Tobin: That's too complicated for me, Andrew. Over the last, what, couple of weeks, we've watched a significant devaluation of the euro against the dollar and we were modeling if that pace was to continue. it's pretty drastic. So as Brad mentioned, I think there's been some recovery and some noise out of the ECB about raising interest rates, buffering that impact. But it's -- we're going to have to see. And remember, too, that we're going to convert at average rates. So you got to be careful about taking spot rates and then trying to run the mass on the second half of the year.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean the -- look, capacity has been constrained and can-making for three years now, right? And that's what's been driving a lot of the capital investment by the can makers. But what you've also seen is a lot of companies that rather than go into the can makers are vertically integrating. That happened to be a particular project in Eastern Europe, which was a vertical integration play with the blow-up of the equity markets and financing conditions changed. The order got cancelled. But having said that, like I said, subsequent events, we got a $40 million order last week. So we had to debook it. That's life. None of the revenue and earnings for that particular order impact 2022. That was actually a 2023 project.
Richard Tobin: Sure. Look, I mean, at the end of the day, this was the quarter where we really had to chin the bar because that was the highest profitability quarter since the demerger or the spin-off that we had to chin the bar to the extent that we chin the bar considering everything was going on. This is the one we're probably most worried about this year, and we chin the bar. So my comment on just the seasonality of the back end of the year, you can see the chart that we put into the presentation. I would just caution that because of this issue about all this work in process that we have, I would expect that to continue through Q3, meaning that we're going to actually pushing a lot more out the door in Q4 than we historically have been. As you know, generally speaking, we would kind of run flat out and then run for cash in Q4 historically. The supply chain issues are not repairing themselves, at least sitting here today at the speed that would allow us to deplete a significant part of our backlog and our WIP in Q3. So it's going to move into Q4, which is all baked into the full year forecast. So it was more of a comment that'll just be not that we give a damn about quarterly results. We're a full year company here. But I think that Q4 will be higher proportionally in terms of earnings than the historical trend.
Richard Tobin: Well, I'm more nervous about the European macro than I am about FX. We don't ship hardly anything from the U.S. into Europe, where we run into problems with Euro dollar of any consequence. It is a bit of a -- and I don't think that there's a significant competitive advantage that we've been taking advantage of, a lower dollar versus the euro over time. So, I don't from a demand point of view, I don't think FX is an issue. I think that European macro is more of an issue. We don't see the effects of it today. But I mean, we're not naive and things aren't great with energy costs, where they are and everything else there.
Richard Tobin: Again, we do a lot of four regions in region. The products that we ship into emerging markets are most how do I want to put this? I mean there is no Asian competitor for Maag, for example. So we come under some pressure from a pricing point of view, maybe in the future if we assume that currencies -- the dollar remains strong against emerging market currencies. But right now, I think that between some of the bigger capital goods side, like the Maags and the Belvacs of the world, I think we can weather that.
Richard Tobin: No, not really. I mean we just had some operational problems. We in Q2. I mean we are levered from a production point of view to Asia, to China specifically. So we've had some mission. We had to shut our operations down there in Q2 for a period of time during the lockdown. And we are caught up in some of the supply chain on electronics components there that we ended the quarter with a decent improvement there. So I would expect that at least on the on the printer portion of the business will catch up in the second half. We do not see a deterioration on the consumable side.
Richard Tobin: Yes, it's going to be an interesting dynamic and number one. Price cost, inflects materially positive in the second half, all of our pricing is done for the year. So what -- any pricing action we're taking now is more of a 2023 issue. Raw materials costs are coming down. We are not, we didn't reprice our backlog, into the headwind. And we have no intention of repricing our backlog into the tailwind. And that is something that's been an active dialogue with our customers now for seems like forever. But I guess, the last year if prices have to come down, because raw materials are deflating, that's actually positive to margins. Because, if we look at price cost on a rolling 12-month basis, you basically took a big headwind in the back half of last year into the Q1 of this year, and then you get a tailwind in the balance of the year, end up mostly, at least on the capital goods side, a net neutral over time. It's just you have the spread between the liquidation of the backlog timing. So if it comes down in pricing, yes, it is a headwind to revenue, but it's actually a positive to operating margin.
Richard Tobin: Yes, on the short cycle portion of the business, I wouldn't expect that there's not that dynamic of input cost tied to market pricing. I mean, that's really the capital goods portion of the business, both us ourselves and our customers. That is an on-going dialogue, just because of the proportionality of the input costs. And you can see what the diamond is on the raw material side and the short cycle portion of the business. There is not that direct link. So I mean, barring the competitive environment big becoming incredibly aggressive in 2023, I would expect, it's our intention to keep the pricing that we've laid in.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Look, I mean, let's not get into quarter-to-quarter performance. I think that we've been clear over the last 18 months or so, that 30% margin is pretty much the new normal. There'll be some volatility quarter by quarter, clearly, based on mix. And it's not all bad at the end of the day. I think on the biopharma side, the demand as our customers convert is going to be slow, as I said, in the second half of the year. We believe in terms of our ability to retain our share of that marketplace is absolutely solid we're speced [ph] in and a significant amount of our customer base. So it's just as biopharma transitions. And remember, too, there's other portions of that business that are dilutive to that margin. So when we post organic growth number, I believe it was 7% more or less in DPS for the quarter. A lot of that growth was from the industrial component side, which is dilutive to that margin. We don't try to manage segment margin. Basically, we're pushing all these companies as much as we can. So if we have dilutive mix, that's not necessarily a bad thing. We want every piece of that segment to grow over time. And we're actually quite pleased with the performance of Maag. As I mentioned, that is its backlog is going up well into '23 now and the turnaround that we're seeing in Precision Components, which is levered to the energy sector.
Richard Tobin: Sure. I guess now we're going to go operating company by operating. I'll give you two examples. I mean, I think in [Indiscernible] because that has got an inflator deflator that probably rolls every 90 days or quarterly, you would begin to see that a little earlier. Its net neutral, in [Indiscernible] in terms of its operating margin, or its performance. And the other capital goods sides specifically on ESG, we wouldn't see that until mid-next year, probably based on backlogs.
Richard Tobin: I think it's completely manageable. I mean the -- the issue is going to be what happens to the competitive environment going into 2023, and we'll see there depending on what demand looks like. For us, I like where we stand in terms of our competitive stacks, right? The vast majority of our business have very few global competitors, and I don't expect to see if demand comes down, then you've got some significant headwinds in terms of the pricing environment from a competitive point of view outside of what's happening in raw materials.
Richard Tobin: What I can tell you is that the bar that we had to chin for margin and operating profit and order volume was Q2, right? So we've been guiding for a year now that this can't go on forever and orders are going to come down. But if you noticed, I'm sure you did, that our backlog didn't deplete at all. And I think what Brad was trying to call out; you got to be really careful going forward here because FX has an impact not only on revenue and profit translation, but on balance sheets also. So -- and Roland over to take care of that over time. Again, I'm not worried about our orders. I mean we've got a significant portion of our portfolio that's sold out for the year.
Richard Tobin: Perfectly frank, I don't -- we don't measure projected book-to-bill, right? We've got revenue forecast and earnings forecast, but no one is running around trying to count orders into the future.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Well, we had a discussion around here about book-to-bill orders and backlog, whether that's too much is too much. But at the end of the day, look, this notion that order rates coming down is somehow a precursor of 2023 demand. I think I'd be very careful about that.
Richard Tobin: Well, let's see. Number one, the back half is actually an easier comp. I repeat myself again, Q2 was the comp that we had to chin and we actually grew over Q2. So if you take -- if you look at the growth that we posted for Q2, which was the highest bar that we had to chin. If you take a look at what happened in the second half of last year, right, in terms of absolute growth, we're in pretty good shape there. Brad went through what our estimates are on FX, and we're going to be like everybody else, we're just going to have to watch that as it progresses through the year. And look, if you take a look at our cash flow, which is negatively impacted by largely inventory, we've got a significant amount of not so much finished goods, but a lot of raw materials and whip. And our intention is to convert a significant portion of that, which means selling it at the end of the day, again, our backlog which is -- which drives the top line, and we are going to run like crazy between now and the end of the year to liquidate that inventory position, which should be really good for the cash flow going forward. I mean, the 1 watch point is going to be how much we ship in December and whether that gets hung up in receivables or not. But you know what, that's relevant, quite frankly, it's a timing difference. We're looking at the 1 that we're driving at the most is we've got to clear that whip out of inventory, which would have the knock on effect of clearing the raw material position that we have.
Richard Tobin: I look at -- Andy, it's basically what I said, right? There's nothing changed here about the cash flow dynamic. Our earnings are going up for the year. That's a positive. We have brought in more inventory because of all these supply chain issues. I'm not worried about it because our inventory position proportionately against the backlog that we have is fine. We're going to watch a significant portion of the inventory in the second half of the year. What happens in payables and receivables based on timing and everything else. I think the only watch point would be on the receivables balance at the end of the year, but then the world doesn't end on January 31, I'm not calling out that we've got an issue with the guidance, and we're going to drive towards making it. But look, I think from a cash flow point of view, we're in no different position than we've been in the past and our earnings are higher.
Richard Tobin: No, nothing. It was just a comment on a watch item where I think the question was more, are we more worried about FX. FX is what it is at the end of the day. I don't think it changes the dynamic where we think it's a headwind of our ability to compete in the Euro zone because of some -- we're shipping dollarized products into Europe, we don't. Clearly, Europe, from a macro point of view, is a watch item. We're not naive here. We don't see it yet, but we're paying very close attention to it. And then we run a variety of scenarios depending on what we think could happen to demand, what we do to our cost structure. And that was the comments I made in the presentation of we've got a playbook here that says when things start moving, how quickly we can move and we believe that we can move faster to the macro balls.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Look, I mean we've been the recipient, unfortunately, in the first half of the year of our own suppliers going through that transition, which has led to some of the headwinds that we've seen. So I think from a longer-term perspective, it's healthy. So you see quite a bit of capital investment going in let's call into NAFTA for lack of a better word, but that's -- these are industrial products, and they're not easy to move around, and we're all kind of going through that transition. Interestingly, from a CapEx point of view, our CapEx-related businesses are very strong. So the order rates that we're seeing in Belvac and Maag and what's going on in Precision Components and what's going on in Refrigeration. Those are all, let's call them, CapEx-related businesses. And from a backlog perspective and a demand perspective, I mean, they're all sold out for the balance of the year, and we're actually booking into 2023. So I know there's a big debate going on out there between consumer recession versus industrial recession. The CapEx sitting here today, I think that we're more positive than negative in terms of CapEx demand or CapEx-related demand going into 2023.
Richard Tobin: Our own, no. No. I think that what we have modeled in for ourselves through the year is we're all done. So I mean I don't think we could we can't spend what we've got in the plan now. So no, I don't think barring a customer showing up and saying, I want X, which clearly we would invest behind right now, I think that we're done in terms of commitments we and you'll see it reflected in the cash flow as we go through the balance of the year.
Richard Tobin: It's polymer processing where the order came from. It's in Asia and it's slightly dilutive to the consolidated margin but still very good margin.
Richard Tobin: It's -- they're all competitive. Having said that, it's better to be competing with against two other people versus 10 people. And by and large, the vast majority of the portfolio is competing against two or three people. So it's competitive, but not crazy.
Richard Tobin: What, I don't -- I think that because of the dynamics of raw materials, we haven't had to do surcharges since then. I think it was an option that we were -- we are basically -- I think that when we had the discussion last time as we've done a significant a lot of pricing here. That's all modeled in the roll forward for the balance of the year. So kind of like our pricing was done, assuming what we have in our EPS forecast. And that I think the response to the question is, well, what if we see input costs go up again, what are you going to do. And the answer was, at this juncture, we'd probably take a look at doing surcharging. We've done some but very little. Because of the fact that we haven't seen a degradation, we actually it's more of a tailwind going forward input cost than it's been a headwind over the past year.
Richard Tobin: I think that the capital markets would have to get pretty green before we levered up to do it. So it was more on deployable cash flow, meaning that if we were -- if our pipeline from an inorganic point of view was low that we would not sit on our projected cash flow balances for a prolonged period of time. And so then we have optionality for capital return to shareholders. Our bias there is share repurchase over doing a special dividend as we sit here today. But that's always a discussion with the Board of Directors.
Richard Tobin: Yes, we don't really get into giving out revenues by segment because that's a slippery slope that these conference calls the last thousand years. It's a good -- it's material to the full year revenue. I think the reason that we called it out was the scale of the particular purchase order as a proxy for kind of CapEx demand going forward. So it's a good order proportional to the revenue. That business is sold out for the year. So it's all 2023 that we're booking for now. So it's a precursor for the solidity of that particular business' revenue stream going into 2023.
Richard Tobin: Nothing unusual. I mean we -- Europe is probably more levered for export than NAFTA is for us. So it's not the proportionality of Europe for Europe is actually lower than it is for NAFTA, which proportionately is very high. So there is a bit of a buffer there. So I mentioned before with Maag having a single biggest order European company that's shipping into Greater Asia, and that business remains strong. Look, it's hard to tell right now. We don't see a lot of negative -- negativity. We don't see any cancellations of orders that we have in backlog in Europe right now. It was just more of a -- when we talk to our customers and we talk to our employees, this isn't good and what's going to happen here. But right now, we don't see anything where things are rolling over. But clearly, we are running scenarios, a variety of them if Europe was to run into in some problems, what are we going to do? And like I mentioned before, I think that we've got a playbook that allows us to protect operating margins under a variety of demand scenarios. And I think we proved that in 2020. We would just run that same playbook back again. But I mean I wish I could be more specific. Right now, everybody is concerned on what's going on in the macro in Europe, but we don't see it rolling to a situation where it's overly negative yet.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let's go to Slide six. The top bridge shows our organic revenue growth of 7% driven by increases in three of our five segments. FX was substantial at 4% or $74 million headwind to our revenue growth and is and also to our profitability, resulting in $0.08 negative EPS in the quarter. We expect FX to remain a headwind for the year compared to our prior expectations. In all changes in foreign currency translations from April until today are estimated to have a full year 2022 impact of an incremental $0.10. M&A contributed $49 million to the top line in the quarter a product of $84 million from acquisitions partially offset by $34 million from unified brands divestiture. We saw organic growth across the U.S. and Europe, Asia was flat organically in the quarter as China was down 4% driven principally by COVID lockdowns, offset by growth in other parts of the region. Our businesses in China have resumed operations and we are currently seeing recovery in production and regionally sourced components. On the bottom of the chart, bookings were down year-over-year primarily due to foreign exchange, and a one-off $74 million debooking in beverage can making due to customer financing limitations. Likewise, our backlog was negatively impacted by the aforementioned debooking, as well as a negative impact from FX. Let's go to the earnings bridges on Slide seven. Before I get into the charts, I want to remind everyone we now exclude the impact of acquisition amortization accounting from our segment earnings, which avoids a deal related noise quarter-to-quarter and better aligns the basis of our segment earnings presentation with our consolidated adjusted EPS. This change had no impact to our GAAP earnings or adjusted EPS. Now to the charts. Segment earnings were up $9 million in the quarter, on improved volumes and price costs, though partially offset by supply chain constraints and foreign exchange headwinds. Segment margins were down 80 basis points. Adjusted net earnings improved by $10 million driven by higher segment earnings and favorable corporate expenses partially offset by higher taxes. The effective tax rate excluding discrete tax benefits was approximately 21.5% for the quarter comparable to the prior year period. Discrete tax benefits were lower than the prior year at $4 million in the quarter or approximately $0.03 of EPS. This compares to discrete tax benefits of $0.08 in the second quarter of 2021. We expect our back half tax rate to be in the range of 21% to 22%. Our cash flow statement is on slide eight. Free cash flow declined in the first half of the year driven by working capital investments in inventory necessitated by the high backlog. Supply chain constraints exacerbated by input shortages preventing completion of some work in process inventory in the quarter, as well as higher receivable balances on growing sales. The quarter also included $43 million tax payment related to the sale of Unified Brands. Capital expenditures were up year-over-year and are principally in support of our robust growth expectations across several businesses. Free cash flow was 6% of revenue in the quarter and would have been 8% excluding the UB tax payment. We expect cash conversion to improve in the second half of the year more in line with typical cash conversion seasonality in our businesses, driven by earnings, conversion and inventory reductions. With that, I'm going to turn it back to Rich.
Brad Cerepak: Well, okay, I'll take that. Within the quarter, the impact was about $0.02 of our -- against our expectations. I said for the full year, from here forward, it would be about $0.10. And I think you're asking me specifically what kind of forecast rate are we using. I could say we're using a euro of about $1.05. Today, it's trading at about $1.02. So maybe the headwind is a little bit higher. But we'll see. We'll see what happens now going forward, especially with the ECB raising rates.
Brad Cerepak: But I would just add that as it relates to price commodities. I feel good about the fact that all of our price actions are enacted going into this back half. And so we'll see what happens with commodities. I mean that's basically all we can say is, we'll see.
Brad Cerepak: I'd say we lost in that segment about four points of growth, because of the shutdowns in China and the component supplies within that business, which catches up in the back half.
Brad Cerepak: No, I don't think so. I think corporate was a little bit favorable in the quarter for reasons of booking accrual rates and things of that nature, but corporate kind of gets back to a normal pace in the back half of the year. As I said, the headwinds is $0.10 versus our last expectation. That's built into our guide, same as it is on the revenue side. So revenue and earnings are reflective of what we said was our current thinking about FX rates. The organic increase, another way to think about that is we chin the bar in Q2. We had a good Q2. We see that helps us for the full year as well and solidifying price is also helpful. So there's no huge movements there. It's more refinement than anything else.
