Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. I'm now on Slide 7. The top bridge shows our organic revenue decline of 3%, driven by declines in Engineered Products and Clean Energy & Fueling. Acquisitions contributed 1% to the top line in the quarter, and FX translation was a 1% headwind.  FX headwinds resulted in $0.02 negative EPS impact in the quarter and $0.09 in the first half. Based on year-over-year exchange rates, we expect FX to be an $0.08 tailwind to EPS in the second half of the year. From a geo perspective, the U.S., our largest market, was down 9% in the quarter due to expected lower volumes in the aboveground retail fueling segment as well as lower shipments from vehicle services in North America.  Europe was down 1% and Asia was up 2%. China, which represent about half of our revenue base in Asia was up 5% organically in the quarter. On the bottom chart, bookings were down year-over-year due to normalizing lead times in our shorter-cycle businesses and strong shipments against elevated backlogs in our long cycle and secular growth exposed businesses.  Now on to Slide 8, our cash flow statement. Year-to-date, free cash flow came in at $348 million or 8% of revenue and represents an increase of nearly $250 million year-over-year. As discussed previously, with supply chains improving, we have been actively working to liquidate our working capital balances in 2023. We expect that trend to play out in the second half of the year as higher shipment volumes in the third and fourth quarter should result in a reduction of inventory balances between now and the end of the year. This trend is in line with our normal seasonal pattern, as cash flow generation has historically improved in the second half of the year.  Our forecast for free cash flow remains on track for between 15% and 17% of revenue. With that, I'm going to turn it back to Rich.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, I'd just echo what Rich said that we exited June at a pace that puts us on track for what we forecast for Q3. And as he said in the script, you can go back and look, we're going to try to recover, but we're not forecasting a recovery of that $50 million. So I think we're being prudent in terms of the way we think about the trajectory of that business in North America.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So it sequentially improves off of Q2 into Q3, but year-over-year, like Rich said, we're looking at a more comparable point on year-over-year. But again, we're expecting margin improvement for the full year for the total company. So therefore, in the fourth quarter.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. My commentary was more around our view is the back half is not dependent upon recovery of the $50 million. I want to be clear, that's the point really at the end of the day. The team there will try their best. But it is a business that, as Rich says, our customer base stocks these things in distribution and they move out. And if it's not there, they go to the next available competitive unit. So that's the way we see it.
Brad Cerepak: Not explicitly, but I think the way we're working through it is that -- it's mainly driven by, I would say, more towards -- tilted towards the safety stock levels, the buffer inventory and raw materials in the materials flow where what we have to see is less inflow versus production to draw it down. And that's what's happening here in the second quarter. I mean, we did have slightly negative inventory through the first half of the year. But it's a heck of a lot better than it was a year ago, and we're continuing to make progress to make sure production is in excess of the inflows. That's the way we're working it. I think that's it, Jack. Okay.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I think you have to delink the comments we made about destocking from bookings to a certain extent. So I mean, the bookings number is related to the reduction in the backlog as the backlog slowly deflates and we expect that to continue some. So I wouldn't -- I think we've been pretty vocal about that all year. I think that what has changed in the first half of the year is the realization that the carrying cost of inventory in the channel has gone up exponentially, right?  So if you go take a look at the cost of financing inventory at a distribution level, gone up by 600 or 700 basis points. So I don't think it's unique when a company like Dover says moving into this year that we're going to run for cash and deplete our inventories. I think by and large, everybody was poised to do that. I think that what was underestimated was the short-term negative headwind on the cost to carry.  By doing the -- where we've seen that and where we've done channel checks, we believe that the vast majority of that reduction on the cost to carry is behind us. So we don't have that negative headwind going in the second half of the year, but I wouldn't get all caught up on the bookings side because the bookings are going to be reflective of the backlog decreasing, and I think that they're likely to inflect positive likely in Q4.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Well, I mean, I think that if you go back and read the transcript, I called out that the watch item from here is going to be bookings in biopharma, right? So we've taken a look what our customers are saying. And I think that if you go back and look at the timing, we've been suffering in lack of bookings there as our customers are prepared for the inevitable. Now they're beginning to call the bottom. And I think that we were early in terms of the reduction of inventory. So our expectation is that bookings inflect positive in the second half of the year on biopharma. It's just going to be a question of the quantum.  On the industrial pump side, I think that they suffered a little bit in terms of this channel destocking. Again, we think that that's bottomed now as a reference. And then -- the one that you have that really wags the tail here is going to be polymer processing, where at one point, we almost had two years of bookings in our backlog, and that's just been slowly deflating as we've shipped off that backlog. So I mean, there's moving parts between long cycle and short cycle. The biggest factors going forward from here is clearly going to be on the biopharma side because to the extent that, that inflects positive, I think that we're all cognizant about the margin impact that has on the segment.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean if you go back and read the transcript, I think I said that about 4x. We think that we knew we had some kind of secular headwinds between the biopharma side and the EMV roll off, we had that coming. That's part and parcel why I think that we were pretty transparent of what we were going to do to pivot our Fueling Solutions business.  And despite having the negative headwind on biopharma, we have preserved our margin in that business. So any incremental volume that we get there should be very attractive. In terms of the total macro, I guess we're happy that demand has held up, right? I mean I think you see part of the negative headwind to some of the destocking because everybody is destocking because they're afraid of the macro to a certain extent.  I think that's been exasperated a little bit by the cost of capital working its way through the system. Where we go from here? I guess we're positioning for a soft landing. Maybe that's optimistic and not generally in our nature around here. But we think the investments that we've made on our growth platforms, as I mentioned in the presentation, are growing at 20-plus percent.  And if we get some recovery on some of the secular headwinds we get, then you can easily go back to what we had laid out as our financial objectives. And you couple that with the fact that we've got a material amount of cost savings that roll from '23 into '24, that's a pretty good start in terms of margin.
Richard Tobin: Sure. Look, Belvac, it was great while it lasted. So we would expect that to -- it's a cyclical business, CapEx in this space is set to come down. I think that you've got to be careful about what your margin assumptions are in Belvac because we had a lot of engineering project work that was not just equipment-based. So the equipment we make some really healthy margins, but it was diluting. It basically boosted the revenue because we were more of a -- we moved to be more of an integrator. So I think that we can -- while the top line in Belvac was declined, I think that the margin preservation opportunity there is solid.  Right now, we're sold out in heat exchanges. If you go back again and look at the transcript here, the leverage on heat exchanges as -- it should be compelling. I mean, labor is 10% of our COGS. So think about it that way about what we need to cover there. Again, we're growing at 20%. I'll leave it up to the HVAC guys to talk about what the growth rates because we see them all over the place around heat pumps, but the fact of the matter is we're in the midst of increasing our capacity somewhere in the order of 40% to 50%, and it's all going to be in place by mid-2024. And so I think that will take care of any worries about what the cyclical decline in Belvac is.  On Refrigeration, we had our highest margin performance ever, at least in my tenure here in June. And that is even before we've ramped capacity at our new plant for CO2, which I think I'm going to go to on Thursday and Friday and see what we're here. We're probably not going to see the benefit of the NAFTA CO2 meaningfully. It's growing at like 80% right now, but it's off a really low base. But our expectation is, is that volume as it comes in is going to be accretive to margins in refrigeration.  So if I couple where we're exiting June in terms of core refrigeration, in terms of margin, and I add on what we expect to be a high-growth platform in CO2, which we've proven we can do in Europe. It looks good so far. So -- and as I mentioned in my comments, we're having at least the conversations right now around core for refrigeration with our clients about demand for 2024. So far, so good. It seems to be quite positive.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I've been doing ERP implementations for 30 years, and they never go right. This one went a little bit more wrong than usual. Look, at the end of the day, I mean, I own it, right? I mean we basically put a bunch of CapEx into our main plant in Madison, Indiana. That's not completely done. And at the same time, I think if you recall the presentation we made about this business, we had harmonized our SKUs meaningfully.  And quite frankly, in retrospect, trying to do an ERP when you're doing all that work on the manufacturing floor was misguided on my part. So that was just too much change to move to a new ERP system. At the same time, we have really trouble getting product out the door for the entire quarter, but it was worse at the beginning and we got progressively better as we exited June in terms of our production.  I don't think it's going to be a material headwind from here. I don't think we're completely out of the woods yet, but I don't think it's something that we'll be talking about earnings from here. I mean we do ERP implementations year-round year, and we've been doing them for years. Just I think it's my fault. I think I pushed one on a business that was too much to chew, but we're really excited about the opportunity that we have in e-commerce in this business, and you need a operated ERP to affect that e-commerce change and it kind of blew the plant up.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Biopharma is the swing factor. I think we've beaten that one pretty good. And you're going to take a look at what's Sartorius and Danaher and Thermo talk about it. They are much more informed in terms of when the pivot is going to be. I can tell you that. We're prepared in terms of at least operationally when the pivot comes, we're in good shape there.  It's a little bit -- I talked about the fact that industrial pumps was down because of some unexpected destocking. We think that that's sort of done. And then conversely, you've just got the mix effect of polymer processing and precision components did really well and have been doing really well all year, offsetting the negative headwinds in biopharma, but from a mix perspective, it just becomes dilutive to the margin. So weirdly, if they grow faster than expected, the actual consolidated margin comes down, but the absolute profit performance is entirely acceptable because even those 2 businesses are accretive to the consolidated portfolio margin.
Richard Tobin: Okay. Yes, for DEP, you got it, right? So the margin decline in Q2 is solely on the fact on the VSG volumes coming out. As we move forward from here, you've got the capacity ramp and ESG that comes through, right? So that goose is the top line, and that's let's call that at par margin for DEP. You've got the recovery in VSG. And based on our backlog, we've got increased margin performance in defense just as we ship against the backlog. So that basically gives you the answer for second half margin performance there.  On DPPS, right now, our forecast show a negative headwind for Q3 solely on biopharma. And then our expectation, as I mentioned in the comments, depending on order rates and everything else, is that for Q4, we'll do better based on mix and some recovery on biopharma because it's not as if we're not shipping anything in biopharma. It's just the comparative headwind rolls off by the time we get to Q4.
Richard Tobin: The price benefit is less in the back half of the year and the cost is based on where we're tracking right now. So we don't basically to make any assumptions in terms of other than leverage. We don't make any assumptions about either positive or negative on the input costs. We'll just see how that develops over the second half.
Richard Tobin: I understand where you're going. All the stick I get about being negative all the time at these conferences and then apparently not negative enough in terms of segmenting the quarters. Look, I think that Q4 is going to be higher than expected. Q3 to Q3 is going to be more or less and in line. But I'd be careful at Q3, again, for the reason I mentioned, right? So you've got the negative biopharma in Q3, which is -- it's not so much a top line issue.  It's more of a margin contribution issue. And then we've got certain businesses that we expect to ship heavy in Q4, which is part and parcel to the end of the depletion of the inventory. So we're not getting into giving out quarterly guidance. I think I would be -- cautious isn't the wrong word. I just think that we're going to have a better Q4 than is likely in models currently.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, like, yes, I don't think that we need the bookings to improve very much because you've got to be really careful about the long-cycle business. I mean, we do segments. And as you know, within the segments, we've got a mix of business. So we're going to have probably a pretty heavy depletion in backlog. Let's talk about DPPS of Maag, right? Maag sold out for the year.  So basically going to ship against that for the balance of the year. So it's going to make the bookings look a little bit negative. Now whether those get offset, we've got a lot of strength in bookings in Precision Components, and we would expect bookings to get better in biopharma, but we'll see whether that is a Q3 phenomenon or a Q4 phenomena.  I would back up for a moment and go take a look at the presentation we made and look at Slide 10 and take a look at what is required in terms of a conversion point of view. And if you take kind of mid 0.30% conversion and you're back into the number on the EPS accretion, that we need in the back half, it's not Herculean, right, because we almost have as much cost restructuring and cost actions is equal to what we need to get in terms of the revenue conversion.  So if we did not have that, I think there would be a little bit of a tough part in terms of the revenue required in the conversion. I think that all the work that we've done starting in the back half of last year has allowed us to be in the position of I don't know how the -- completely how the macro is going to develop. I mean these knuckleheads are going to go and raise interest rates again and that's not helpful. But the reason that we're confident about the back half is we've got almost -- we've got more than half of the required EPS conversion and cost savings that we've already enacted.
Richard Tobin: Hard to say. Hard to say. I mean you could have flat bookings in Q3. I mean there's an awareness in the marketplace that production lead times have come. So if our bookings, which are higher than normal, basically backstop our revenue for next year in the vast majority of our portfolio, you really don't need to start ordering until the beginning of Q4.  Now whether we can pull some of that in through market signaling, and that's when we start getting into what are we going to do about pricing in 2024, what are we going to go out to the marketplace and say about SWEP like weirdly, we're sold out in SWEP, but our bookings -- if you looked at our bookings in SWEP, you would think that we have no bookings for Q4 just because that's the dynamic of how that business works.  It's capacity reservation as opposed to bookings. So I wouldn't get excited about bookings. I can tell you factually, we'll ship off the back of Belvac and Maag, which will have a disproportionate negative impact on those 2 segments. The balance of the portfolio, I would presume in the short-cycle side, we're probably bottoming in bookings right now.
Richard Tobin: Yes. No, I get it, and I will make -- I'll answer it 2 different ways. I think if you go back and look at the transcript, I talked about the portfolio and read what you'd like about that. And I'll make an argument that in 2024, the diversity of our portfolio will outperform certain secular themes that it's going to be an advantage in '24. It may not have been an advantage over the past 18 months just because of the disproportionate negative weight of biopharma, quite frankly. But I'm willing to bet in 2024, all the work we've done and the diversity of our portfolio would be an advantage as opposed to being kind of something that's singular in terms of market exposure that may be easy to understand.
Richard Tobin: Too early to tell. Too early to tell. I think it's going to be dependent on the macro, but I think that I can tell you that where we've invested, we're really excited about what we're getting out of it. And I think there are parts of our portfolio that have had negative headwinds. You can't really see it just because of the individual pieces that are really inflecting the other way. So I know that waste handling is not exciting, but the fact of the matter is that business could be up substantially in .
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean I think that the end market demand has been okay across -- from the distribution side of the portfolio. But sell out, so the sell-out metrics look good. The channel checks that we're getting is basically our distributors saying the cost of capital on our inventory is just getting a bit much to bear here, and we're going to wait because, by the way, we know your lead times are down and we want the product, we can get it from. And look, I get it, right? Everybody is trying to maximize cash flow just because of the cost of carrying that cash flow, including us, by the way. So I don't think that distribution would be unique here. I think the good news is that the end market demand itself has remained pretty good overall.
Richard Tobin: Yes, it's the 1 -- well, 1 or 2 -- we have 2 businesses that have kind of a material exposure to China, and that's one of them. And that is just a reflection mostly of demand to China being quite poor.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Julian, I don't want to be overtly negative about Q3, all right? So Q3 is going to get sequentially better. It's just that proportionally based on where we can see the orders and when they're due to ship that sequentially, Q4 is going to be better than it's been over the last I don't want to go back to 2020, I don't remember, but it's going to go back to the way we looked pre-pandemic, where we shipped pretty heavily in Q4.  And then it just becomes a question of production performance in Q4 and that is going to be dependent on what the order rates look like between Q3 and Q4? And do we have to start building out in Q4 for volume for '24. Now there's going to be some businesses where that's the case. So the businesses that were sold out this year, which is several portions of the portfolio, we're going to start taking orders for '24 relatively soon. We're taking orders and right now in certain parts of the portfolio for that.  So I don't want to be overly negative on Q3. I think the Q3 is going to be a good quarter. But I think the Q4, at least comparably is going to be a better quarter. I think that in terms of the order rates -- it's more of a we'll see. We know we're going to ship off backlog in Q3 pretty heavily. So they may be book-to-bill maybe less than 1. It may not be. And our expectation is that Q4 should be up at least almost by definition comparably.
Richard Tobin: $0.5 billion in an ASR in September of last year. So we've got a Board meeting coming up, and we'll go through all those dynamics again, and we'll decide what to do.
Richard Tobin: You lose the order Deane. A lot of that is sold into distribution and that the product is available, you would lose out of the order. So we'll recoup some of it, but I think that we will not recruit all of it. .
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, I think the Belvac is a cyclical business. There was a lot of capital that was put in during the pandemic years into can-making. We did fabulous in terms of market participation there versus our competitors, but we fully expect and have been preparing for over the last 18 months were there be some roll down because you just can't keep at that kind of pace. Now having said that, I don't think it's a negative of a story either just because of the fact that the revenue was a bit influenced by some engineering work that we did at very low margins and while we sold the equipment.  And we're actually working on some interesting IP related projects that may help us out to ride the CapEx. On the Refrigeration side, we had that order cancellation that we talked about at the end of last quarter. That was very customer specific. The balance of the demand is decent. I think that there's a little bit of the same frictional costs in terms of labor availability and installation. That's not our problem. It's our customers' problem. The pace of that CapEx tends to be a bit choppy, but the conversations that we're having, and I think it's in the -- in the transcript, the conversations we're having about 2024 in terms of demand in that particular space are good. And I'm just talking about kind of the old traditional case business. Without even getting into natural refrigerants where we're growing at a very heady pace in North America right now off a low base. But based on the conversations that we're having this we feel very excited about where this thing could go.
Richard Tobin: No. I mean I think we have individual strategies for every business that we have in the portfolio. Obviously, if you go back a couple of years ago, this was EVs are taking over the world and the negative headwinds of EMV plus that the view of what these businesses were worth was, I think, a completely overdone. We think that we've got 20 years of high-margin opportunity into that space. But having said that, we're just repositioning that business where we think that we've upgraded the entire product line globally, by the way, not just in the United States, that we can run that. We can run this business a lot more or a lot more lean than we did in the past, and that's the actions you see us taking. We think we can get that segment to 25%. And you're seeing some of the building blocks working our way there.
