Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 7. The top bridge shows our organic revenue decline of 2%. Both acquisitions and FX translation contributed positive 1% to the topline in the quarter. FX, which has been a headwind for the past year and a half resulted in $0.02 of positive EPS impact in the quarter. Based on recent movement in the euro/dollar exchange rate, we now expect FX to be a $0.01 to $0.02 headwind in the fourth quarter. From a geographic perspective, the U.S., our largest market was down 7% in the quarter due to lower shipments in vehicle service, biopharma, LPG components and belowground retail fueling. Europe was down 5% and Asia was down 3%. China, which represents about half of our revenue base in Asia, was down 5% organically in the quarter. On the bottom chart, bookings were down year-over-year due to normalization of lead times and strong shipments against elevated backlogs. Now on our cash flow statement, Slide 8. Year-to-date, free cash flow came in at $688 million or 11% of revenue, represented an increase of nearly $400 million year-over-year. As discussed previously, with supply chains improving, we have begun actively working to liquidate our working capital balances in 2023. We accelerated our inventory reduction in the third quarter and expect the trend to continue as we plan to balance our inventory levels by the end of the year. Free cash flow generation has historically peaked in the fourth quarter. And again, we expect strong fourth quarter cash flow to finish the year. Our forecast for 2023 free cash flow is 13% to 15% of revenue. Let me turn it back to Rich.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, Jeff, the things we're seeing here in Q3 and into Q4 on taxes, will not carry into next year. So said differently, I think our 2024 tax rate is going to be much like we saw earlier in this year when we gave guidance, somewhere in that 20% to 22% rate.
Brad Cerepak: Well, it's part of it. But as we went – if you go back and look at what our commentary has been over the course of the year, we've indicated it's tough to bring inventories down, but we did that in Q3. We see that continuing into Q4. As we look back, and the actual good performance in Q3, receivables, given the timing of sales, actually built in the quarter a bit. So that liquidation is due to come here in the fourth quarter. And I think we'll see very robust cash flow again, based on the commentary that we already provided that fourth quarter is always seasonally strong. But I think given the actions we're taking, it will be even more robust in line with our guide.
Richard Tobin: Okay. That's a lot to take on this. Steve, let's give it a try. Look, I think if we look at our forecast for the year, we were just wrong about biopharma. I mean, we were getting indications from our customers that there was going to be some nascent recovery. We actually did see some order upticks, but quite frankly, it just never turned into much. So that's a little bit different than we were back in September. I think we just have to throw in the towel on biopharma demand and it gets pushed to 2024. We didn't expect in terms of market dynamics was this UAW on trucks, right? We thought it would stay limited into the car sector. And unfortunately, what we were betting on is being able to ship quite heavily out of ESG in Q4. We'll actually have a good quarter in Q4, but it's not going to be as robust in our plans. I think I mentioned on the heat exchangers. That was a little bit of an abrupt reversal and really didn't happen until almost the end of Q3. So up until about 30 days ago. Everything looked good there. And I think that we've got a little bit of a pivot as what we understand is there's a lot of finished goods in the supply chain that need to be reduced from there. So at the end of the day, I think it slowed some and – which leads into the next question. And the next question, our positioning now is to drive for cash because I think that the way we're going to be able to protect margins into 2024 is not to be long inventory. We had a lot of discussions around here about incentivizing revenue in 2024 driving revenue, but then you start touching on things like price and you start touching on things like payment terms, and we're not going there. I mean I think that the strategy that we have is to adapt quickly and efficiently to the market demand, bring down our inventory with the hope of – with the strategy of protecting margin into next year. And I think if you look at how we've handled demand this year, it's exactly what we've done at the end of the day. I mean, we talked about it before. What we had seen over the previous two years was not a lot of unitary demand. You saw a lot of pricing going into the system. So we came into this year saying, there's probably going to be less price and some unitary demand, but the important – and I think that we've done that in terms of managing, which is reflected in our margins year-to-date, is managing not getting oversupply and over our SKUs a little bit in terms of inventory and that we're going to take that on for next year. Do you want me to make a call on the market next year? I think we're going to have to wait on that. Clearly, there's a lot of headwinds in the system. I don't want to get on a personal soapbox, but the amount of liquidity that's being withdrawn is going to show up somewhere. And this notion that we're all going to wait on the government to bail us out because of this wave of government spending coming, I find that a problematic strategy. So I think it all is going to be triggered by monetary policy between now and the end of the year, which is going to allow for us to predict growth into next year. What I can tell you is, is if we do what we're planning on doing in Q4, we will not be long inventory, and we're not going to get into a situation where if there are kind of topline headwinds that we're going to have to start playing price to drive growth.
Richard Tobin: No, I don't think so. I think that we're ahead of the curve. Remember, we're a component supplier into end market industries, right? So we're first at the end of the day. So I think that if we get this right, we've got topline growth next year, even in a pretty benign kind of macro environment, I think that we can drive growth. And I think that's part of the reason that we covered some of those growth vectors in terms of our investment at the end of the presentation.
Richard Tobin: Sure. I think if you go back and look at the script, basically, what it says is the restructuring that we took is going to protect margins into Q4 because we actually have a poor mix forecasted for Q4 because where we've been seeing the headwinds in Fueling Solutions is in the below-ground portion of the segment, and that is highly accretive to margins. We're basically – you heard me answer Steve's question there, we're taking the position of let's allow inventory to be draw down even we would argue at this point, below even normal levels between now and the end of the year and protect production performance into next year. So the restructuring benefit – the restructuring that we've done is actually protecting margins into Q4.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I think we're getting a lot better at it. At the end of the day, where we sell through distribution, we have visibility, right, because we've just got a material position within distribution, so we can see pretty much stocking levels. At the OEM level, it becomes a lot more difficult. At the end of the day, we're relying on the OEMs to basically tell us their own position. So let's take heat exchangers. Up until 45 days ago, it was still a demand capacity deficit of give us everything you've got and then all of a sudden, for reasons that I tried to cover, the markets come to a halt because there's a recognition of the seemingly is a lot of finished goods in the chain now that need to be bled off. So like I said, from – if it's distribution, I think that we've got a pretty good handle on it. When it's OEM, we just got to take the signals from them.
Richard Tobin: I don't think that we have excess backlog anymore. I mean, I think that we're – by the end of the year, we will have drawn down our longer cycle backlog, particularly in Belvac and MAAG, which drove a lot of it. I think it will end up being a little bit higher than kind of on average in terms of its aggregate, if you go back and look over the last five years, but that is more related to portfolio – general portfolio mix as opposed to anything else. So like I said, at the end of the year, we think that we'll be in balance between our inventory and our – either the customer distribution inventory, I would expect the long-cycle business backlogs to be done that reduction to be done by the end of the year.
Richard Tobin: I got to go back and take a look. I mean, I would say flat. If I think about where bookings are coming from, we got a lot in ESG at high dollar value because quite frankly, we're booking well into 2024 in that particular business just because of supply constraints. Flat, I would call it right now. I think that there's an overall caution with the macro – everybody recognizes that lead times have been vastly reduced. So I think that there's going to be a lot of hurry for bookings in Q4, but we would expect a pretty large acceleration in Q1, if we’ve got.
Richard Tobin: No. I think that our channel partners are, in certain cases, below normal holding pattern. And that is because of the cost of carry with interest rates. So if you think about a typical distributor that's got $100 million of inventory, a working capital loan that they would have been able to have 18 months ago was probably 2% or 3%. They're probably paying nine now, right? So there's a dynamic now because of higher interest rates of everybody trying to liquidate working capital because of the cost of that working capital, that’s included, by the way. And we're in a little bit of a standoff in certain end markets where we would argue that inventories are down too low, but we are not going to incentivize revenue into the system either through price or through terms. We're just going to sit tight and we'll cut our own production into Q4 because that's just harvesting demand that's in 2024 into 2023.
Richard Tobin: That's correct. I mean, if you look at the topline revenue trajectory in some of our businesses, you have to take destocking into it. That's not a reflection of end market demand. It's end market demand minus destocking.
Richard Tobin: Well, I think that overall, it's underestimated, the amount of profit loss that we've had on the biopharma reduction. To the extent that we're clocking at record margins in the quarter, while eating this pretty bad sandwich here, I think that – quite frankly, I think we're pretty proud of. So to the extent that it's pushed into 2024, at the end of the day, the comps get pretty damn easy once we get into Q1 of next year. The balance of the underlying business, Precision Components, where we basically bought FW Murphy into, look, we're behind energy transition. We're betting on gas in total LNG hydrogen, you name it. Order rates there, we expect to be really good. I think MAAG on plastics and polymers, we've driven down a lot of that backlog. That's probably the one business that's probably going to be weaker next year, but I think it gets completely offset by DPC and by FW Murphy and some amount of bio.
Richard Tobin: We're always working on efficiency and structural cost takeout at the end of day. So that's just part and parcel to the business model here. Look, in a dire demand environment, if I point back to how we performed during the COVID period, we’ve got the ability to flex the cost structure, we don't want to, other than kind of productivity and efficiency driven not from a demand point of view. As it relates to pricing, look, I think there was a comment in the script, if you go back and look is that we fundamentally believe that inventory position is going to be incredibly important as it relates to pricing as it goes into 2024. And that's why we're taking a little bit of hard medicine here between now and the end of the year of not to incentivize demand through pricing action, right? We've done a lot of hard work of moving the margins up here, and we're keeping these margins.
Richard Tobin: Look, I think that I think the heat exchanger is temporal, right? I mean, we went through this incredible amount of demand. I don't know if we were clocking up until a month ago, but it was very high demand that we had there. I think this is just a little bit of an inventory clearing thing. So we expect growth out of the heat exchanger business next year. I think that we did our highest margin quarter in refrigeration in the last five years here. We don't think that, that's – we're going to give back there. Now just recall, though, that Q4, we have to take production down due to seasonality there, all right? So that has some amount of impact on margins. But the trajectory on refrigeration, coupled with CO2, which is margin accretive, we would expect margins to increase there next year. Clearly, we're going to – that will likely offset the negative input from Belvac, which we expect will run off its backlog next year and have a little bit of a down year in 2024.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, when we're talking about total inventory, we're talking about our own inventory, which we're in control of, which is reflected in the cash flow that we're signing up for, right? That takes working capital liquidation, a big chunk of that is inventory. I think if you look at the $600 million of free cash flow during the quarter, a material chunk of that was our own inventory reduction. When we're talking about channel inventory, like I said before, we're – we've been – the channel inventory in a lot of our end markets has been coming down progressively over the year. And now we're adopting a posture between now and the end of the year in certain businesses to allow that inventory to clear rather than try to push revenue into either channel inventory or OEM inventory and because the only way you can do that is to start modifying commercial conditions, and we're not doing that. So should it clear, we believe that we're on the front foot here. And so we think we'll be in balance in kind of most of our end markets by the end of the year. And then it just becomes a question of what does growth look like next year and how much confidence there is in the end markets of how much that channel and how quickly they build it back. But we feel good about the trajectory we're on. So that – it's an end-of-the-year phenomenon based on current demand rates.
Richard Tobin: The portfolio – the whole portfolio is under review all the time. Look, no. Look, we don't go around and say, we've got a business that's got $200 million revenue, let's go buy $100 million to $200 million revenue. No one can orchestrate that. But I think that we've gone over Brett, a lot about where our priorities are. To the extent that we could make a change to our portfolio that we did without touching our balance sheet, I think, is a positive. So to the extent that we could do that repeatedly, that would be great, but that is subject to a lot of timing differences both in and out at the end of the day. But just as an overall comment, what we did this quarter in M&A is what we would like to do progressively every year.
Richard Tobin: No, I think the capacity is coming on sequentially. These are highly automated plants. So it's not like we've got to ramp employees. It's – they're almost blackout plants at the end of the day. So we needed the standing capacity. Remember, heat exchangers is 40% of the revenue. So I get it, it's getting a lot of headlines, and that's why we wanted to address it. Our visibility is, as I mentioned, is not great because it's an OEM sale mostly for us. So up and to the point where they decide they want to slow down, that's what we find out. And the slowdown that we've been called out for the balance of the year manifested itself over the last 45 days or so. So are we worried about the capacity investment? Absolutely not. We think that the technology is fundamental. It's going to grow over time. There's been a massive amount of capacity in heat pumps that's been announced. It always seems a little bit implausible. So I think at the end of the day, the market reset is going to be on the finished goods, not so much on the consumption of the heat exchangers.
Richard Tobin: Well, it's been volatile only because of the amount of demand that it was there. And to meet that demand, you had to basically an expansion of everybody's balance sheet from an inventory point of view. I think that when we put out the guidance for this year, we basically said now that we're in a more normalized market that we were going to bring inventories down. I think we're making really good progress on raw materials. I think by cutting production in Q4, we should clear WIP and finished goods, then it's all about receivables from here to the end of the year.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Between cash flow and the proceeds of the disposal, which we'll receive in Q1, we're in a very healthy cash position.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean at the end of the day, everything that's in our control – for 2024, I think that we're taking the right move. So we discussed managing channel, right, from an inventory point of view. The reason that we highlighted some of the investments, we think that those are growth vectors that those businesses are going to grow despite the macro, right, that they're not subject to kind of general sentiment at the end of the day, or interest rates or anything else just because they've got a demand there. So yes, I mean, look, we're – knock wood, we're feeling positive about our setup going into 2024 based on how we've managed and will continue to manage 2023.
Richard Tobin: Sure. We had – in 2022, we had a great year in below-ground and a bad year in above-ground. So if you think about kind of the time it takes to build sites or refurbishment sites, you had kind of capacity that got built and then they finished the job on the top this year. Belowground now is in a bit of a headwind because of the fact that if you think about like a retailer, a retailer is going to spec in the product that they want at a fueling site and then going to go contract the installation. And part of the problem is it's no longer labor anymore, and it's no a longer product availability. It's the fact that those contractors need working capital loans in order to do these projects and the cost of those loans now is probably quintupled over the last year or so. It was very nice for everybody would be talking about 5%. 5% is a baseline. You're a contractor, you need a working capital loan, you're paying nine or 10. And so that is putting a little bit of a drag in terms of getting that work done, number one. And number two, just a general comment, as I gave the example before, a lot of that underground business, at least the recurring revenue portion of it is sold through distribution, the carrying cost of that inventory has gone up quite a bit, and you basically see almost an over liquidation of inventory in the chain because they know that our lead times are down low, so they're taking their inventory down because they don't want to pay the carrying cost. At some point, that's got to give, and we're not incentivizing through price or terms to push that inventory back into the system. We'll deal with that on the come when we get into 2024.
Richard Tobin: I think it's more and more – look, no one came into this year thinking that Europe was going to be robust. It hasn't been. I think that CO2 systems and heat exchangers are running counter to that argument. CO2 is actually performing quite well. The heat exchanger issue, like I said, up until 45 days ago, you couldn't make enough of them to supply heat pump demand and that just came to quite a halt here I think in a recognition that there's too much inventory in the chain. We were not very hopeful about China, and China has been poor. And I think in the U.S., it's just the general – what I just answered, I gave you the example a second ago. In the U.S., you can't raise rates at the rate we're doing and not to have knock-on effects in terms of the carrying cost and that's what we're seeing now.
Richard Tobin: I think that the growth was okay, at least in my tenure here. The end market exposure, both from – the end market exposure and the geographical exposure, we did not find attractive.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean, look, buying back our stock at these levels has become very attractive. I think that we've got a lot of moving parts right here in terms of delivering on the fourth quarter and the cash flow. And then we've got an outbound on the acquisition and an inbound on the disposal. After all that is settled, we'll clearly be in a very healthy balance sheet position. And I'm sure that capital return discussion will come to the forefront.
