Bob Livingston: Thanks Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. I am pleased with our fourth quarter performance, which reflects strong global markets, resulting in broad based revenue growth and solid margin improvement at each segment. In particular, we had strong organic growth in Pumps, Waste Handling, Food Equipment and at our well site business. A number of other businesses also turned in solid performances, including marking and coding, vehicle service equipment and bearings and compression, resulting in organic growth of 8% in the quarter. Our organic growth in the quarter and for the full year, I believe, illustrates the strength of our portfolio. In all, our team's focus and execution resulted in a solid quarter, while also making significant progress on the Wellsite spin-off, right-sizing and several other commercial and investment initiatives. Our right-sizing initiatives in the quarter were important, to align Dover's cost structure with its size post spin. These right sizing actions are expected to deliver $55 million of benefits in 2018. I am also happy with the progress we have made towards transitioning to a more focused portfolio, with strong platforms and attractive markets. We are firmly on track to achieve our three year revenue and margin targets, which we outlined at our investor meeting last June. We delivered strong organic growth, and increased adjusted margin over 150 basis points in 2017, and are positioned to deliver further growth in margin expansion in 2018. In conjunction with our portfolio shaping activities, we have continued to build our platforms with two highly synergistic deals which were recently closed. These deals, while not large in scale, are margin accretive and enable us to expand the scope of our offerings and become a more important supplier to our customers. As we enter 2018, I am excited with our position. The global macro environment is expected to be constructive, leveraged by tailwinds from our productivity and cost initiatives and from U.S. tax reform. In 2018, we were expecting solid revenue growth, strong EPS growth, and another year of strong free cash flow. Our outlook is supported by continued commitment to our strategy, with a strong focus on margin expansion. I am very proud of the entire Dover team and want to thank them for their hard work and effort, as they continue to focus on serving our customers. Brad will now take you through the specifics of our fourth quarter performance and 2018 guidance, and I will come back at the end for some closing thoughts.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Brad. As expected, 2017 proved to be an exceptionally busy year for Dover. During that time, we have remained highly focused on the three year goals we shared at our Investor Day in June. For the period of 2017 through 2019, we communicated our targets to be 4% to 6% organic growth on an annual basis and cumulative adjusted margin expansion of 350 to 450 basis points. Although we know, there is still much to be done, I am pleased with the progress we made in 2017. On the revenue side, we performed very well against the three year plan, generating 8% organic growth. Every segment hit their organic revenue plan. I would also plan to like out, that the businesses that propelled our growth in 2017 remained strong in 2018. Namely, marking and coding, digital printing, and Waste Handling are all set up to have a strong year within Engineered Systems. In Fluids, we expect another year of strong growth in our Pumps and hygienic and pharma businesses. Refrigeration and Food Equipment should once again deliver steady growth, and our Energy businesses are well positioned for double digit growth. Looking forward, we expect E&P related activity to be slow in the first half with tough comps, driven by the compliance date delay we have previously discussed. We also expect retail refrigeration's first half to be impacted by tough comps related to last year's strong shipments in advance of regulatory changes. We are forecasting organic growth of 5% to 7% in 2018, a full point above the target in our three year plan, and we are confident we will deliver. In 2017, adjusted segment margin improved more than 150 basis points, and we are on pace towards our three year target range. With respect to margins; in Engineered Systems, we fell a little short of our 2017 target, primarily due to significant material cost inflation. We feel better about price costs as we enter 2018 and are also forecasting reduced investment as compared to a heavy investment year in 2017. In Fluids, commercial excellence programs, productivity, and our retail fueling integration have been and will remain the main drivers of margin enhancement. Refrigeration and Food Equipments margin grew nicely in 2017 on improved productivity, especially within retail refrigeration, and we expect further progress in 2018. And finally, Energy's strong margin growth is primarily as the result of volume leverage, which we expect to continue in 2018. In total, we expect more than 100 basis points of margin improvement in 2018, and our teams are aligned around achieving this goal. In closing, I feel that Dover is exceptionally well positioned in 2018. Our markets are healthy, and we have tailwinds from U.S. tax reforms and our right-sizing initiatives. We expect to deliver a very strong year in terms of EPS growth, and will remain disciplined with respect to capital allocation. We will return cash to shareholders by completing our $1 billion share repurchase, and by raising our dividend for the 62nd straight year. And we will continue to expand and enhance our platforms through margin accretive bolt-on acquisitions, and investing in organic growth. Now Paul, let's take some questions.
Bob Livingston: Let's stay first with the share repurchase program that we announced in the fourth quarter, and I think we will have the bulk of that completed by the time we complete the spin in May of Wellsite. We sit here today. I do not have anything significant in our acquisition pipeline, that we would expect to close on, in the first five or six months of 2018. If 2018 does prove to be a light year with respect to M&A activity, I think it's very reasonable to expect the board and I to have further discussions around share repurchases for the second half.
Bob Livingston: And I think -- we will watch two or three areas for a pick-up in capital goods activity that could be a response to the tax act, and we will see it. And the industrial platform of Engineered Systems, I think we will see it in retail fueling, and perhaps as well in refrigeration, especially the Hillphoenix and Anthony business.
Bob Livingston: So I don't have the detail on the margin improvement question you've asked. I would say, the lion's share of the margin improvement is productivity initiatives. But I can't give you specific numbers or specific percentage. But productivity has been a big part of it. But we have also been -- this business was probably earlier than some of our other businesses in 2017 to push some price increases through, as a result of the material inflation. I think that helped. But we have also done a fair amount, sort of around the edges. Nothing major, but fair amount of work around the edges to exit some product areas that I would just label it as underperforming historically and coming to a conclusion that we weren't able to improve the margins to where we want it to be. And I don't know what that number is, I don't remember that number. But could be as much as $40 million of revenue in 2017 that we exited.
Bob Livingston: I don't have that data. In 2017, the bulk of our EMV activity as we have reported in the past, was in the first half of the year. We continue to see some activity in the second half, but nowhere near what we saw in the first half. We are taking a pretty cautious approach to the 2018 guide. I would say that, the 2018 guide has less EMV activity, pure EMV activity in the guide than we actually experienced in 2017, and I will repeat myself, I think that's cautious and conservative. We do believe that the EMV activity will begin to pick up in the second half, and we will provide further cover on that activity on the April and the July call, and my hope is, is that it gives us an opportunity to raise our guide as we move through the year.
Bob Livingston: That may be a change with respect to our external communication. But Jeff, I wouldn't look at it as something new within Dover. There is a fair amount of investment we are looking at in 2018 for -- well I call it commercial facing activity --
Bob Livingston: Including our digital activity. And we do have a fair amount of projects around Dover in 2018 for productivity, which we have a tendency to support, not only with people assigned to productivity, but with capital. But I wouldn't look at it as a different activity, it is a slight change in how we present it.
Bob Livingston: I would tell you that, we probably saw two things in the fourth quarter within Energy, within Wellsite, that were a little bit different than we expected going into the quarter. Drilling activity was a bit reduced, especially in November and December, relative to our early in the quarter expectations. And I think the best market indicator there to sort of coalesce with is -- the rig count activity was, I would label it as a bit flattish in the fourth quarter, and we expected a little bit more growth. The second item is with respect to well completion activity. We did not see the pull-through in our rod lift business to the degree we thought we would. And on the flipside, we saw more ESP pull-through than we had planned, and there is a margin difference between those two technology offerings, Jeff. ESP operating margins are probably five to six points less than rod lift, and I would say, the overall cover with many of our customers -- we heard many comments that my CapEx budget is done for the year during November and the early part of December. To provide a little bit more cover on that, I would tell you that, activity here in January has been quite strong. Rig count activity has been up, and in fact the rig count increase -- I think it was last week, 15, 16, 17 unit increase last week, I believe was the largest weekly increase in rigs in this recent upturn. But the drilling activity is picking up, it's a little bit ahead of our plan for January, and our artificial lift business is on plan.
Bob Livingston: Actually, I was a little disappointed with the outcome for the year on our cash flow. It was a bit disappointing to not hit the 10% number Steve. But two things, you sort of tried give me an answer that working capital maybe was going up. Actually, let me tell you, working capital for Dover in 2017, we lowered it a 140 basis points year-over-year. What we did see in the fourth quarter was December revenue was much stronger than we would normally anticipate when you look at past years. And we typically get a little bit, I would call it receivable liquidation during December, and with the strong revenue in December, that did not happen. I think for the most part, I would tell you that cash collections were not really the problem, even though we didn't liquidate draw-down receivables in December. But I think we had a little bit more of an outflow in a couple of areas than we had expected. CapEx spending was a little bit higher in the fourth quarter than we had planned, and I think we would tell you now, that maybe our -- not maybe, our outflow on tax payments could have been lower than the payment we make. And I think even making those adjustments would get us really close to 10% but not over.
Bob Livingston: Our material cost dynamic versus price in 2017, we actually had a negative headwind of almost $15 million in 2017. The bulk of that was -- I think all of it was in the first three quarters of last year. As we look at 2018, given the current material costs and the pricing actions we took in the second half of 2017, we see that flipping. We see a $13 million to $15 million tailwind in our guide on material versus price.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So it was actually happening throughout the year. This wasn't just a fourth quarter activity. I think in the first quarter of last year, we said no to about $20 million worth of business within retail refrigeration that we just weren't happy with the margins on. And getting the feel like we could improve them to the point where it would be constructive to our margin targets for this segment. In the fourth quarter we actually divested, was it in -- yeah, it was in the fourth quarter we divested a small business, glassdoor business in China that we have been working very diligently to improve the margins and grow it and just have not been successful. So we divested it in the end of fourth quarter. And I also believe in the fourth quarter, we shut down our aftermarket service business in Canada, that I don't remember the revenue number there Brad, but it was about $10 million. And I believe, the glassdoor business in China, Deane, was also about $10 million. A little bit here to a little bit there, but they were the three major items. But all in total, it was about $40 million.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So the $0.04, in my recalling, the $0.04 was a preliminary number that I provided, I think in mid-September. That was sort of the risk we were seeing at the time. I think when we actually closed the third quarter, the guys, the business teams had done a tremendous job in closing the gap, and I believe we felt -- at the end of the quarter, we were only a penny off, because of the hurricane. So I wouldn't label much activity in the fourth quarter as being a carryover from the storm interruption in the third quarter.
Bob Livingston: No. So within Pumps, and I am including our PSG business our [indiscernible] business and our hygienic and pharma. Maybe 60% of it is through distribution, the balance of it being direct to the end user or an integrator. No, your question about restocking, I actually believe that the bulk of that restocking activity, we saw in the second and third quarter. I think what we saw in the fourth quarter and what we expect here in 2018 is true end market pull.
Bob Livingston: I would say that China and the U.S. market activity was a bit stronger than we anticipated. In fact Scott, it was interesting, organic growth in the U.S. in the fourth quarter was a little better than 10%. We saw good organic growth, double digit in China, and in Europe, we saw flat. It was relatively flat versus the fourth quarter of 2016. But I would give our business teams a little color on that, by pointing out that the fourth quarter of 2016, we had some pretty healthy, I call them project shipments in Europe in the fourth quarter of 2016. But almost 11% of the U.S. was a little bit stronger than we anticipated.
Bob Livingston: No. And the $12 million, would I label as normal and ordinary type of restructuring? John, you have to appreciate, that we know what those projects are. As we roll through the first and second quarter, I fully expect the business team leaders to identify other opportunities, and if it makes sense, we will do it.
Bob Livingston: No. I think most of that work around -- that we tackled around the reduction of lot sizes is complete. Now, don't take that statement as meaning that there aren't additional productivity projects that we can tackle this year and next year, because there are. And the fourth quarter, we actually -- in our case business, we actually shut down one of the case factories and have consolidated all of case manufacturing into one factory, which is a byproduct, and the end result of many of the productivity initiatives we have been working on over the last two years, just to -- I'd tell it, react to the difference in the lot sizes and some of the improvements we have made in process a little. But it's a -- the team there did a great job in 2017, and I know that you are very-very [indiscernible] excited about expanding that great job again in 2018.
Bob Livingston: Okay. Well on comps, it may appear to be back-end loaded. I would say -- our expectation for 2018 for the food retail business, this is Hillphoenix and Anthony, I think it's going to return to the more traditional seasonal pattern that we have seen over the last seven, eight or 10 years, and that would be that the second quarter and the third quarter are the ramp and the heavy build seasons, with the first quarter and the fourth quarter being, I'd call it, the shoulder seasons. And that's quite different than what we experienced in 2017. The order rates that we are expecting in the first quarter to support our plan for the first quarter and our ramp for the second quarter, I can tell you that here in January, our order rates are on plan. So we actually feel rather confident with our target and our guide on refrigeration.
Brad Cerepak: As reflective of the activities we have been taking, we have narrowed it down to about $3 million to $5 million. Still looking at more ways to reduce the stranded costs inside Dover. Jeff, keep in mind that, when Wellsite goes, the easiest way to think about this is, so does all the segment of DE Energy, the segment costs. Soma and his team and the costs they incur at the segment level, go with the spin. So that in essence is taken care of through the spin activity. They will have to add incremental costs above that number, as a new public company, we say 35. But in reality, it's a smaller piece, because the segment already is staffed up than 35. I hope that helps.
Brad Cerepak: We are using a tax rate based on the jurisdiction of which the amortization -- the statutory rate in the jurisdiction of which that amortization is incurred. In other words, you think about it, we did acquisitions in different parts of the globe, and we are applying this statutory rate on a blended basis across each of those.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah. Well I guess I would start by saying, you can anticipate that we will provide clarity on that in the April call, as we get closer to the spin date in May. I would say though, keep in mind, that as Wellsite comes out, the two things I would point out, that the model you would expect when we get to April. One is, is that our forecast or our guidance for 2018, does not include the current thinking around the buyback that we will do, once we receive the cash --
Brad Cerepak: The dividend. So the stock will be bought back in that May timeframe, once we receive the dividend. And then secondly, just to give you a little bit of a sense of what direction it goes in. Wellsite is mostly a U.S.-based earner and so the tax rate for us will probably move closer to the low end of the range and they will be slightly above the range we gave. And so that will have implications to your modeling as well. That's probably about all I would comment on at this point, put aside, waiting for April.
Brad Cerepak: I'd say on the amortization line, because we now start to report that way. If you think about the amortization, we said $0.93 -- amortization related to Wellsite within that $0.93 is roughly $0.23, $0.24.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah, we had said that around $18 million to $20 million, that's kind of normal for a given year. I think the fourth quarter was a little lighter, to your point. Your number is not that far off for the quarter and for the year, we did about $13 million or $14 million, so lighter compared to the original forecast that we gave. In 2018, we have $11 million of right-sizing carryover, so again $45 million, $46 million in the fourth quarter, $11 million in the first quarter, maybe just a little bit falls into the second quarter, but most of that in the first quarter. And then we had built in to our guidance, what I'd call normal restructuring, things that we do every year, we have been doing for five years, of around $10 million.
Brad Cerepak: Well, I would say, look the right-sizing has captured a lot of things, but as I -- I think we mentioned earlier. I don't think we are done sitting here today. I mean, Bob can comment on this. I mean, I am not for a moment thinking that, we will come in at $21 million. I think that there is likelihood you could see that number come up --
Brad Cerepak: You know, I'd say it's a little bit higher than that. I think that with all the productivity -- and again, I am doing this on an adjusted basis, adjusted to adjusted year-over-year.
