Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Kristen. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s second quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s second quarter operating and financial performance, and follow with our outlook for the remainder of 2016. We will then open the call up for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, Form 10-Q, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through August 4, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 43614405. And before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. Before we take the first question, I just like to remind you as a courtesy, we have several people in queue. So if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow-up, we’ll be able to take more questions. And with that, Kirsten, if we can have the first question.
Paul Goldberg: Yes, thank you very much for joining us for the second quarter earnings call. In advance, I’ll apologize for any people who didn’t get on. We tried to get more calls on, but they kind of dragged on a little bit. So I will follow up with you later in the quarter and we look forward to talking to you in the third quarter. Thanks a lot. Bye.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Brad. Let me share some summary comments, as we move into the back-half of our year. We saw a strong organic booking growth in Engineered Systems and Refrigeration & Food Equipment, which sets them up well for their second-half revenue plan. In energy, we expect improved sequential performance driven by modestly improving markets, share gain initiatives and a reduced cost base. We also see a renewed focus on land-based drilling and production, especially in lower cost basins. Within Fluids, second-half revenues will be up to seasonality in our retail fueling business and continued strength in our pharma and hygienic applications. We are excited about our growth and margin expansion opportunities in the retail fueling market, especially with the addition of Wayne. I am pleased with the many positive changes we’ve made to our business profile over the last few years. We now have several large businesses with global scale and you should expect us to continue the strategy of creating great businesses across our growth markets. In all, I believe we’ll demonstrate much stronger performance in the second-half. We remain focused on improving our financial performance and increasing shareholder value. With that, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for staying focused on our customers. And now, Paul, let’s take some questions.
Robert Livingston: All right, good. Energy, I think, we started to see the change in Energy in the second quarter, Andrew. There was - actually in my prepared comments, I made a comment that June was much stronger than April and that comment was across the board within Dover. But it was noticeably so within Energy. Our upstream order activity and Energy in June was up 18% over April. And our expectation for the third quarter and Energy order rates here in the first two, three weeks of July, we’re actually running slightly ahead of our third quarter forecast, especially in what we will label as the early cycle business activity around our rods and our ESP pumps. We see the term and we feel fairly confident with our forecast for the second-half of the year. In fact, I would - I think another two or three weeks of order activity, like we’ve seen in the past three weeks, maybe I would label the revenue and earnings forecast for Energy as having a little bit of upside for the year.
Robert Livingston: Fluids, the oil-and-gas hit is in our pumps business, and it’s not just standard. For the most part we’ve been dealing with declines in our standard pumps through distribution, which we continue to see a little bit of that here in the second quarter. It was a bit more than we expected. But the most significant thing in the second quarter was the loss of a - I will label it as an oil and gas project. We lost it on price and it was within our engineered pumps business group, not our standard pumps. It was a one-off order.
Robert Livingston: Yes, within the oil and gas piece of our Fluids that one is tough to call. If you look back at the - as our Energy cycle or as the Energy cycle started, we probably didn’t see a measurable downturn in our pumps business for probably at least three months after we started to see the downturn in our Energy segment. If we truly are at a turning point here in the Energy cycle, Andrew, my best guess is we are not going to see much of a change in order activity within our pumps business related to oil and gas into early next year.
Robert Livingston: We are not forecasting anything, any pickup in our pumps business related to oil and gas in the second half, that’s for sure.
Robert Livingston: Yes. And the restructuring activity in the third quarter is not in artificial lift, it’s in a couple of the other businesses. And, Shannon, I would - Brad, correct me if I’m wrong. But I think the charges we have in the third quarter, we do expect the benefits in the second-half of 2016 to equal or be even better than the charges we take.
Robert Livingston: So reported Fluid margins in the quarter were a little better than 13%, but if you adjust for - if you adjust for restructuring and some of our one-time cost, especially our deal cost that we had in the second quarter, it’s 19%. It is interesting to still note, Shannon, that if we look at our core business. And now I’m excluding our acquisitions that we’ve added here over the past, over the past several months, our core business excluding restructuring and one-time cost was 19.4%. And our forecast for the year in this segment on the same basis - just looking at the core, the margins on our core business, excluding deal cost, 19.9%, almost 20%.
Robert Livingston: Shannon, a big change in the second-half with respect to Fluids is volume improvement. You’re going to have to help me here, Brad, with the number, but I think the volume increase in the second-half over the first-half. And I don’t have it compared to the second quarter, but I’m just doing second-half versus first-half. I think the volume improvement is about a $100 million, maybe even slightly more than that, but rough number $100 million. And that’s driven by the normal seasonality we’re expecting in our retail fueling business and continued strength in our hygienic and Pharma markets. And we do have a change here in the second-half. We feel like we’ve got the benefit of some favorable product mix in the second-half. We’re going to have very good conversion on this volume in the second-half.
Robert Livingston: Well, that answer maybe starts and ends with a comment on Energy. Even though, sequentially we are forecasting a very modest improvement in Energy. Our organic revenue in the second-half within our Energy segment is still down 19% versus last year.
Robert Livingston: Sure, if I define book and ship, let’s say, bookings that ship within 90 days, not necessarily within 30 days, my guess would be, Julian, that 75% of Fluids bookings would fall into the book and ship category, book and ship within 90 days. We did see a significant increase in bookings within this segment, as we moved through the quarter. In fact, the - we started to see, it was a bit late. We actually started - we actually expected to see this in May and it didn’t happen. But the June order rates within Fluids were up 13% or 14% versus April. And this is the start of our seasonal period within retail Fueling and we expect to see that continue. I’d add a little bit of extra color. If we look at the order rates for the first two to three weeks of July, across the board our order rates are very supportive of our third quarter forecast.
Robert Livingston: Well, number one on Tokheim, the reduction in our revenue forecast for Tokheim for the year is almost exclusively China. I think it’s, what was it? $14 million is our reduction in the Tokheim revenue forecast. And, Joe, I think we’ve got 12 of that.
Robert Livingston: …is China. We expect Europe to exhibit the normal seasonality that historically has been seen in this market. And our second quarter order activity reflects that. In fact, I think our European dispenser order rates in the second quarter, especially in June were quite strong with Tokheim. And I think even for the entire second quarter dispenser bookings - dispenser book-to-bill I think was 1.2.
Robert Livingston: …for the second quarter. We are at the front-end of that build in the seasonal ramp in the retail fueling business.
Robert Livingston: Okay. Almost 10%, as I shared in my comments. And we are be - I think we are actually being cautious with this. We are not baking into our expectations, our forecast. I would say the traditional incremental margins that we see on increased revenue within Energy, we have some businesses that have traditionally incrementaled up - converted up, very, very strongly. I think our conversion that we are using in the second-half of the year I think it’s in the low-30s - 32% or 34%. Traditionally that would’ve been 40%, if not, a bit higher. I think we’re being cautious with respect to anticipating continuing price pressures. And perhaps a little bit of uncertainty as to which product lines actually see the uptick in revenue in the second-half. It is worth noting that here early in July, and I’m repeating myself, we are seeing some - we’re seeing the order rates in our rods business and our ESP pump business come in a bit stronger than our third quarter forecast.
Robert Livingston: Yes, it’s too early to answer that one, because I would say the pulse in activity is about six weeks old, Jeff. I’ll give you a comp. I think our negative price in the first quarter within Energy for the segment was just a hair under 1%. In the second quarter, it’s a full 2%.
Robert Livingston: But it wasn’t - I don’t think it was any different in June than it was in April. Okay, that’s getting to the heart of your question.
Robert Livingston: Near term, I don’t think there is, Jeff. I think for the next couple or three quarters you’re going to see especially - again, especially within our upstream business activity you’re going to continue to see a pretty high correlation with rig count. The longer laterals do benefit us with respect to rods and the pricing around some of our pumps. And I think it will also benefit us. We may not see it right away, but I think it will benefit us with respect to our automation business.
Robert Livingston: Yes, and I would - you are correct. I would say it’s all within the last month there. The change in June wasn’t stark, but what there was a rate change in June. And I think - I have, I commented this in my prepared comments. I think we will see increased activity around well completions in the second-half.
Robert Livingston: Before Brad answers you, I think he is prepared to, let me tell you that even though we believe right now we can close this in the third quarter that’s not entirely under our control. And it is possible that this moves into the early fourth quarter as a close and that will have depending upon the quarter, even though it may only be three or four weeks difference that that will have a bit of an impact on the - impact it has on our results in 2016.
Robert Livingston: No, right now our opinion is that it could close in the third quarter. I’m just repeating myself, we don’t control that.
Robert Livingston: All cost in - you are using all cost in as opposed to adjusted numbers. So our revenue we’re looking in a better $100 million revenue increase in the second half. And, yes, you are correct, the earnings increase in the second half is just about $60 million.
Robert Livingston: That’s the Tokheim European activity that we expect to be much stronger in the second half and a significant increase in the OPW business with respect to retail fueling in the second half. And the absence of some charges that we had in the first half that aren’t repeating.
Robert Livingston: Including amortization in the first half, I think it was slightly better than breakeven, and the loses which we took, the charges we took in China. And the second quarter, I don’t have - the second quarter was when we made the transition. And we started to see the improved activity at Tokheim, I think it was in May. Steve, the Tokheim, I think 80% of our earnings for Tokheim are actually in the second half of the year.
Robert Livingston: Oh, goodness. I don’t have that, it’s less than the - it’s less than our forecast for the fourth quarter…
Robert Livingston: Yes. Well, the product ID had a very strong quarter Nigel, thank you. The core business, the business we’ve owned for a long time our marking and coding business, help me here with my recall, I think organic growth for the quarter was 6%.
Robert Livingston: That was strong, but we’ve been working lot of issues there over the last year or so and we’ve seen a lot of improvements in the business. I’ll give you a little bit of color on the marking and coding business beyond that. Sequentially, the business was up I think, 8% or 9% coming out of the first quarter. Nigel, it’s around the world with the exception of China. It’s around the world with the exception of China. In fact, organic growth for the marking and coding business may have actually been higher in Europe in the second quarter than it was here in the States, which is a bit of a change. But our - we had very strong organic growth here in North America. I think, organic growth in Europe may have been 7% or 8%. And we saw it in both increased sales of equipment as well as consumables. And I would also say it continued to build through the quarter.
Robert Livingston: I’m not sure I have a correlation for you with respect to the broader truck cycle. And my opinion would be that it’s not very highly correlated financial. In fact, I would tell you that when the truck cycle is up it does create some challenges for our business in just getting customer deliveries on time. The second quarter - we expect to see growth in this business for the year. We expect to see growth in the industrial platform in the year. I think we have a schedule or planned it at 2%. We saw some projects slip out from the second quarter into the balance of the year. I wouldn’t label it as slip or slips or deferrals with the two major haulers, but more with municipalities, and a recent acquisition with two of the smaller players - a recent merger of two of the smaller players.
Brad Cerepak: Just in total for the company we’re still forecasting the same level of total restructuring, but Energy is up. And, maybe, Bob, you want to…
Brad Cerepak: Yes, and, Joe, I guess what I would add to that is first-half restructuring in DE is about $12 million of cost. Second-half we’re looking at half of that, most of that being in the third quarter. With respect to benefits though, benefits are also doubling themselves into the back-half of year. So the first-half benefits on restructurings, moving into the back-half give us strength into the fourth quarter. And that’s also helping us in our view that we can get to 10% margins.
Brad Cerepak: I would say, okay, so $95 million. That $95 million has increased since our last discussion on this topic. So I would say at this point we’re about $10 million higher. And remember in the $95 million there is carryover in that number, but which completely from 2015. But in terms of our restructuring we expect to have the 2016 action substantially complete here early in the third quarter. And the benefits flowing through in our P&L this year, again I was talking Energy before between first half, second-half. If I look at the total company incrementally new benefits over the carryover that number again in first-half doubles itself into the back-half. So we had - think about it this way, we probably had $20 million of savings in the first-half, we’ll see $40 million plus in the back-half of savings plus the incremental piece get you the - let’s call it $105 million, roughly speaking, benefits.
Brad Cerepak: But let me start by saying that when we talked about - let me just clarify the P&L that we have, the forecast that we currently give you here in this update. It includes deal costs in the second and third quarter in our Fluids business, which we highlighted that’s all related to Wayne. What we don’t have in our forecast, is any contingent upon completion costs, which will come at the time we complete the deal. If we complete the deal at the end of the third quarter here going into the fourth quarter, we feel pretty confident with the numbers that we had previously stated about the amount of sales that they expect for 2016. We said 550. I think they are actually right on that number to doing quite well, quite frankly. So without giving a lot of details around seasonality, if you took one fourth of that number, and then you looked at deal costs and amortization step-ups and the like, our view is it will be in the fourth quarter, incremental to the forecast we just gave you, dilutive, because of again finalization of deal costs, amortization step-ups hitting the P&L, positive operationally. But after those costs dilutive and then of course you would have the funding costs or the interest costs associated with the purchase price of $780 million that would also hit the P&L in the fourth quarter.
Brad Cerepak: We are, Steve, but we did have from the original Tokheim deal, we had rollover of these inventory step ups…
Brad Cerepak: And all the acquisitions, Gavorez, [ph] all that in the first half, they don’t repeat itself. So the standard amortization stays in place in the second half, but that big inventory rollover is gone, as is restructuring - restructuring in the second half is less than the first half. But you are right, deal costs for Wayne first half to second half in the forecast is basically the same number.
Jeffrey Sprague: Good morning. Hey, hello, could we just touch on price a little bit more? I think they’re down too, that you mentioned, Bob, is in the zone relative to what you were expecting for the year. A little bit of erosion from Q1 and your comment in Q1 was interesting that you thought price wasn’t worse, because there is not enough demand for people to you see any elasticity and therefore why cut price. I just wonder now if you’re seeing this little pulse of activity how people are behaving on price perhaps it’s too earlier really know.
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes. And I think you were seeing much that minus 1 or 90 basis points whatever it was in Q1 reflected I think high-single-digits declines in rods and maybe parts of the ESP business. Is that not…
Jeffrey Sprague: I’m sure you had a chance to look or listen to Halliburton yesterday, their comment that 900 is the new 2000 as it relates to absorbing horsepower in the rig count. Some of what they said may not be totally analogous to you. I’m not sure if you’re familiar with what they said. But how do you respond to that? Obviously, part of what they’re saying is longer depths and the like, which would apply you, some of it is pumping more sand, which probably doesn’t. But is there anything you could share with us in terms of Dover value per rig or any changes in kind of the mix of your business that may kind of soften that direct correlation to the rig-count that we’re seeing historically.
Nigel Coe: So just wanted to I mean, cover obviously lot of the major topics. Just wanted to dig into Engineered Systems, the strength in P&I, that’s normally pretty steady business, so the strength you called out is a bit surprising, especially given the underlying production backdrop. So just maybe, Bob, Brad, if you could just address that, maybe throw in color on new products, market share gains et cetera.
Nigel Coe: So I’m assuming the underlying market is not growing at those kinds of levels, so I’m just wondering what drove the up-movements [ph].
Nigel Coe: Okay, okay. And then you mentioned the environmental solutions business down some deferrals there. Waste management at the well [and the pumps at the well] [ph] is doing quite well right now. So I’m just wondering if you have any context on why there might be some deferrals. And maybe just remind us, how does this business cycle with the broader truck cycle.
Nigel Coe: Okay, okay. I’ll leave it there. But I almost understand it. I can’t agree with the second-half versus first-half. And I believe we can’t get the $100 million of sales ramp up, but we’ll follow-up offline. Thanks, guys.
