Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Going to slide six. On the top is the revenue bridge. FX was a 2% or $43 million headwind to the 9% organic growth, resulting in $0.05 of negative EPS impact in the quarter. Our FX forecast for the remainder of the year does not assume any changes to the prevailing exchange rates, which creates a headwind for the year versus our prior guidance. M&A contributed $53 million to the topline in the quarter, a product of $83 million from acquisitions partially offset by $31 million from the Unified Brands divestiture. We saw a solid organic growth across all geographies with notably strong performance in Asia and the Americas. China which represents approximately half of our business in Asia was up 20% organically in the quarter. Moving to the earnings bridge on slide seven. Adjusted segment EBIT was down $7 million in the quarter and adjusted EBIT margin declined 200 basis points as improved volumes, continued productivity initiatives and strategic pricing were more than offset by input cost inflation, production stoppages, as well as acquisition-related amortization that drove a roughly 100-basis-point headwind. Adjusted net earnings improved by $13 million driven by higher segment EBIT, excluding AD&A and a favorable tax rate. The effective tax rate excluding discreet tax benefits was approximately 21.7% for the quarter, same as the comparable period. Discreet tax benefits were $10 million in the quarter or $4 million higher than in 2021 for approximately $0.03 of year-over-year EPS impact. Now on our cash flow statement on slide eight. Free cash flow declined in the first quarter and was slightly negative driven by working capital investments in inventory and heavy shipments in March, driving higher receivables, as well as higher compensation payments. Capital expenditures for the quarter were principally in support of robust growth expectations across several businesses. Q1 is our season -- is seasonally our lowest cash flow quarter and Q1 last year was a bit of an outlier due to post-COVID recovery. With that, I am going to turn it back to Rich.
Brad Cerepak: I would add to that, I guess, to say, we will see where the macro goes on commodities. But as we think about the back half and the price material implications, I would say, our forecast now include impacted price. So I think we feel good about that under the scenario that the backlog’s cleaning itself out and we have the price increases in place. So I think that’s good news for the back half.
Brad Cerepak: The -- well, I mean, to answer that question, the back half goes to a linear amortization amount at roughly $7 million a quarter. So if you are thinking about the second quarter, it’s not as high as the first, because of the inventory rolls off into the second quarter, and we said it was 45 for the year, so you could do the math and squeeze the second quarter and that’s as simple as I can make it.
Brad Cerepak: And I think the only thing I would add is the sequence of cash flow is more like it’s been in years past, which is fourth quarter being our highest quarter of cash flow and we will progressively pace through the year where we will see free cash flow increase from Q2 into Q4. But, again, I think, as Rich said, we -- and we said in our prepared comments, the balance sheet will have some liquidation to it in the sense of we had very high receivables because of the high shipments in March coming off of a low January. So just time wise, the collection period falls into the second quarter and then you also have inventory which will continue, I think, to come down over the course of the year as we ship across the backlog.
Brad Cerepak: No. Not significantly, although CapEx is -- in our growth-oriented businesses, if you think about the ones we are talking about that have the higher growth profiles, that’s where the CapEx is.
Richard Tobin: Sure. Jeff, I mean, we were chasing price costs last year, and one of the good things that, I mean, the good news is having a high backlog, you get visibility, which is helpful to planning, let’s say. The bad news is if that backlog is building in advance of input cost headwinds, you are chasing it to a certain extent. So, as you are basically -- without replacing backlog, right? You go negative price costs, which we saw in Q4 last year. If you remember what we talked about, at the end of the year, I said, the disappointing performance for us in Q4 was, because of supply chain, we did not convert as much backlog as we would have liked, which would have strangely, our revenue would have been up and our margin would have been down in Q4. And what we have done is we have carried some of that into Q1, and I think, if you remember, what we said about modeling Q1 this year was that it was a safe bet to model it against Q4 of last year, and if you go do the comparisons, we are pretty much spot on. But we are shipping that older backlog, right? So now we had so we are going to squeeze price costs in Q2 significantly and then flip significantly positive, at least in three portions of the portfolio on the back half of the year and particular in Engineered Products, in Clean Energy, and in Climate, where we expect to see a significant benefit in the back half of next year on price cost and because of the comps are significantly easier, right? I call your attention to our Q2 performance last year, I think, was the highest margin that Dover ever posted. So the comp that we have got ahead of us is a tough one. I would tell you that, I guess before somebody asks, again, I would point to Q2 last year as a proxy for performance of Q2 this year.
Richard Tobin: Well, I think that how my top concerns point of view, this China COVID situation is new news in the quarter that we have had to navigate here. I don’t have a view on where this goes. I am hoping, based on the news this morning that we are not going to move on to Guangzhou or somewhere else, but that is not helping from a supply chain point of view. Look, so far, the pricing that we have passed has not been to the detriment of backlog. So we haven’t had call offs in that backlog. I think the biggest issue for us is the supply chain side of the business. Does it get better or does it get worse from here? We will see. And from our customers’ point of view, they again are dealing with supply chain issues and labor availability issues. So that’s where you have got a lot of push and pull of, we are working really hard to get the product out the door and we are working really hard with our customers to make sure they are ready to receive at the same time, because they are dealing with their own call them supply chain issues. So right now we don’t see it. We don’t see much of a risk in terms of shipping our backlog other than our own constraints and so as far as the customer taking it, but we will see going from here.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. Think that we are going to go through a little bit of an air pocket here in terms of the demand function because of this transition from COVID therapies to non-COVID therapies. I think, on the long run, we believe that this is a growth market and I’d like to thank Danaher for going before us, because I think, they explained it far better than we are going to be able to do it. But we expect in the middle of this year to have reduction in order rates as that transition takes place, that’s accommodated into our earnings forecast for the year. But I don’t believe that this is -- this COVID-related issue is an air pocket where revenues are going to drop never to be seen again. We think it’s an intra-year conversion and we feel really good about our position in single use.
Richard Tobin: The two-year CAGR on Belvac is now in the 40s. The two-year CAGR on heat exchangers is in the 20s. So it’s not -- before we get to refrigeration. So you have got two big principal drivers, which are margin accretive to the segment, by the way. The two-year CAGR on refrigeration business is about 16.5, 17, and it’s widespread across the portfolio, the fastest growing portion being the systems business. As we have discussed before, we will take all the system business we could get and we are trying to maximize the profitability on the case business. Meaning that we are trying to -- we are not running and taking all the business that’s out there. So, so far, so good, still a lot of supply chain issues, because these are complicated assembly processes, but Q2 and Q3 margins should be interesting.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. Look, I mean, I think, you can calculate that, right? If I say it’s going to look similar at the end of the day. I don’t have that at the top of my head. I know that from a data point, but I’d have to go ask one of my colleagues here about trying to extrapolate that into organic growth. I can tell you it should be similar to Q1.
Richard Tobin: Well, the back half of the year, the incrementals are going be significant, because the comps with all the operational difficulties that we had last year, I mean, we lap all that.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, clearly, it’s going to be that headwind plus. So you mop up all the headwind on a comp basis, plus you get normalized incremental margin on the volume.
Richard Tobin: Oh, boy. Well, like I tried to say before, we listen to Danaher, because we knew this was coming and I think that what they articulated was far better as -- we are a subcomponent supplier. What I will tell you is that, skid production in biopharma is very much a growth avenue, right? It grew because of COVID. But now these mRNA therapies have got a variety of different therapeutic uses and the chosen technology for production and our understanding is skid, and as such, we are component supplier to that chosen type of production.
Richard Tobin: I don’t know. Maybe you and I can go down to WasteExpo on May 5th and go take a look at it. Look, we are not…
Richard Tobin: … a basically if you think about a hybrid, this is a battery pack that drives the compactor that sits on the back of the truck. So the use is, in theory, a full electric vehicle. So you have a full electric truck with this technology sitting on the back, but you could also have a diesel chassis with an electric -- so with an electric compactor, the guys that run this business are going to hate me for trying to describe it and you get basically a hybrid benefit. So are we going to make money on it? That’s the intent. But the fact of the matter is, for municipalities, its taxpayer money at work here and if somebody decides they want to go to an electric fleet, they are going to go to an electric fleet, and as a material supplier, we have got to have a product offering.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. Look, I mean, I know, we have all these discussions about price cost and what’s ignored there is the dilutive effect on price cost. Even at neutrality, it’s dilutive to margins. So you are going to get that piece of it even if we were absolutely neutral across the entire portfolio and pricing has been robust. That’s the math. That’s the way the math works at the end of the day. Now, our portfolio is so diverse. It’s a little bit all over the place and depending on how much commodity exposure we have in certain businesses and everything else. From an absolute profit point of view, I think, because Q2 was peak margins for -- I am going to get my years right now, 2021.
Richard Tobin: Even with that dilutive effect and absolute profit, Q2 is a proxy. But I’d be careful about the margin.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. I am going to leave the AD&A questions to my colleagues. I will deal with everything else and we can circle back on the linearity.
Richard Tobin: Okay. We will endeavor to remove AD&A from the segments going forward, our bad on that one. Nonetheless, look, Q1 was just a mess. I don’t want to go back and revisit COVID. But in January, at our main production facilities, we weren’t doing much. We rushed like hell to pump out as much as we could and we were actually at a pretty good pace, and then we lost a week of production in our main production facility above-ground dispensers in March because of hurricane. That’s life. It should have happened in the quarter where we weren’t taking $20 million of AD&A I guess. And our Clean Energy business, which no one understood and -- understandably no one understands the seasonality. Their actual lowest profit margin of the year is Q1, where we basically write orders for the balance of the year. So the backlog that we can see and the revenue trajectory that we can see for those business is very good, but is actually dilutive to prior year margins because of seasonality. So, from here, supply -- all things supply chain being equal, our below-ground business, which is very profitable is booked and our Clean Energy is all coming and that’s accretive to margins and that is doing very well from a backlog point of view. So as long as we can get the product out the door, I am confident that full year absolute profit and margins performance will be robust despite EMV.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. I think that one could say that pricing that you have seen in Q1 remains linear over the balance of the year and the margin accretion in the second half is, because you flip positive because of inventory valuation, so, if you follow me. Meaning that…
Richard Tobin: …pricing is in. As we cycle the older inventory that is valued higher, you have got -- in Q4 and Q1 it was dilutive. It gets to neutrality, slightly positive and then it flips all things, assuming we get all the product out the door positive from there. So the growth rate for the full year, one could assume is somewhere in the 5% to 6% price-related and the balance being volume. But as you know, mix here, because of the diversity of the portfolio is going be quite different likely.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. I mean, the economic environment in Europe is a risk. But we can only look, the good news is that our backlogs in Europe are not as high as they are in North America, but they still remain good and our expectation is that we would ship off that, but clearly, we are going to watch order rates in Europe from here, if one adopts a scenario of the demand function in Europe getting worse from here. Look, Andrew, I mean, we could think of 100 different reasons to kind of tap down expectations for this year, whether that be, what’s going to happen with COVID in Asia. What’s going to happen with Russia, Ukraine in Europe? We are not assuming continued strength in the dollar versus some of our other trading currencies. But I think that would be a copout and it’s too early to tell here. The good -- we are looking -- the challenge for us is to get the product shipped profitably from here. And that is up to us in the productivity side and it’s up to us to work the supply chain things like crazy. But as I said in my prepared comments, we do this business-by-business and we are on it, right, in terms of tearing apart order rates and making sure that we don’t get over our skis from a working capital perspective or anything else and we will see how it goes. Right now, we believe that we can meet our forecast for the year.
Richard Tobin: Well, I will take the last one first. I think that we said that margins are going be stable on the full year. Look, we did have circuit board shortages in Q1, bad on us. And that was partially due by the fact that we sourced those from Asia, so the Asia lockdowns and we had to shut our production factory in Shanghai -- which is in Shanghai during the quarter. So we will pick up as much as we can out of there. To a certain extent, the geographical mix on that business is more levered towards consumer production in Europe. So we are being a bit cautious in the demand function, and, again, I don’t want to bring up this translation issue again, but that’s part of it also. So, overall, I mean, this is a business that grows low-to-mid single digits at pretty much constant margins, although I will give the management team a lot of credit, over the last couple years, they have driven margins up nicely, our expectation for this year, probably that kind of performance, low single-digit growth at healthy margins and excellent cash flow. But it’s going be a little choppy base on macro and supply chain.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. All right. As a portfolio comment, we do not believe that our inventories are reflective of our distribution network inventories. Meaning pretty much what we ship out the door kind of passes through distribution. Our inventories are high, clearly, but so is our backlog, right? So the way that we look at those inventories is. Before -- I am just talking about physical inventory before we get into working capital, that’s something else. But to the extent that we ship that backlog, which we have every intention of doing that those inventories will moderate. And you also need to take into account that inflation has an impact on absolute dollar value of inventories, right? So it’s very nice that everybody’s talking about raising prices and everything else. But that needs to be taken into account when you look at year-over-year change in inventory because the absolute value of that inventory has gone up significantly.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. I don’t think so. I think that any pricing from here, especially in the capital goods side, is going be surcharge and not absolute price. But we will see. I mean, if you tell me what the trajectory of inflation’s going be over the balance of the year. I mean, that’s one of the watch points. I mean, I think, what good news, bad news on inflation, is the way that we look at it, is inflation looks to be moderating, except the fact that we have got a trillion plus of infrastructure and American Rescue Plan coming our way. And what does that mean? It’s hard to say right now. I think, the good news is, does that -- is that good from the demand point of view in certain business like ours? Yes, it is, right, because it’s where we have got a big portion of our portfolio that’s tied to CapEx. What does that mean from an inflation point of view? All bets are off there. So it’s an interesting dynamic. I don’t, so I guess to answer your question is, I think that we are going to be very selective from here and if it’s commodity price driven, it’s likely to be surcharge based.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, look, that was in, perhaps, DPPS, like, biopharma demand is probably intra-year going to be a bit light. So I think that nobody should fall out of their chairs if order rates go down there some. The balance of that portfolio is actually order rates are picking up quite nicely. Now that’s slightly dilutive to biopharma, but not to the extent where people saying that we are over earning and we are going to go back to historical margins. So I think if you go back and take a look at transcript, I’d say that, 30% plus is the new normal here. So we will be able to absorb it. Where we are looking and I will -- where we are looking for and it should make sense when you go back and take a look at the calendarization of earnings last year, where we are looking for absolute profit performance, 2022 versus 2021 is in Engineered Products, Clean Energy and into the Climate side of the business. We are not looking for a lot of year-over-year incremental profit from the other two segments. There’s going be some, but that’s not going to be the principle driver, because, quite frankly, those two businesses more or less sailed through 2021.
Richard Tobin: Well, you answered the question. Yes, there is seasonality in the acquired businesses. Q1 is actually the lowest margin quarter. So supply chain and COVID issues aside in Q1, the -- what we expect is we rollout of EMV demand in Q2, which is probably the peak for EMV demand for last year, which is margin accretive, but we basically offset that over the balance of the year and then some through the acquired revenue and profits and the fact that our underground business and vehicle wash and everything else start shipping significantly through the year and that’s against a comp in the second half of last year where it was weak.
