Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Paula. Good morning. And welcome to Dover’s third quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s third quarter operating and financial performance, and follow with our outlook for the remainder of 2017. We will then open up the call for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through November 2nd and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 95679213. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your web -- your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks. Before we take our first question, I just want to remind everybody, if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow-up, we will get more questions in. So, with that, let’s have the first question, Paula.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Paula. This concludes our conference call. With that we thank you for your continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good day.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Paul. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Our third quarter performance reflected continued strong global markets resulting in organic growth at each segment. In particular, we had strong organic growth across several platforms, including digital printing, waste handling, bearings and compression, and pumps. We also had solid performances in a number of other platforms including marking and coding, retail fueling and retail refrigeration. In all Dover’s organic growth was 9% in the quarter. In total, our revenue and margin expansion were largely in line with our expectations. In addition, our strong bookings growth sets us up for a solid finish to this year. I am pleased that we are firmly on track to deliver on the three-year plan we outlined in June, we expect solid organic growth and margin improvement this year, and we are positioned to deliver further growth and margin expansion in 2018. I’m also encouraged by our portfolio work to drive long-term success and value creation. We have continued to simplify our portfolio and invest in market-leading platforms that have strong market positions and margin profiles. In addition to the planned wellsite separation we recently signed an agreement to sell the consumer and industrial winch business of Warn for $250 million and expect this transaction to close in the fourth quarter. Regarding wellsite, we are continuing the process of evaluating our options for separation, the process is moving along well and before we expect to announce our plans by year end. Within wellsite markets have remained quite constructive and we are on track to hit our 2017 forecast of $1 billion in revenue and $250 million in EBITDA. We are committed to pursuing the transaction that is best for the business and also creates the greatest value for our shareholders. While our portfolio simplification activities advance, we have continued to build the pipeline with targets that enhance and expand our growth platforms. I am very pleased with our execution on the topline this year and I’m encouraged that we’ve made progress on margins. As we enter the fourth quarter and continue working on the wellsite separation, we are actively reviewing our cost structure to rightsize our company and improve margins. This review was broad-based, excluding wellsite, with the goal of achieving $40 million of cost savings for 2018. The goal of all of these actions is a focused and consistent portfolio with a sustainable runway for revenue growth and margin improvement. With that, I’d like to turn it over to Brad.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Brad. Throughout the year all segments have grown nicely and we had gain share in several of the markets we served. Additionally, we have made progress on several of our initiatives to drive margin expansion. For instance, our retail fueling integration is on pace and sequential margin expansion in Fluids has been strong. Retail refrigeration margins have also grown on improved productivity. Looking forward, we have multiple opportunities to outgrow the broader market. Here are just a few. Our unique position in the fast-growing digital textile printing market is providing us a strong growth opportunity. We see the penetration rate of digital technology climbing to 30% over the next 10 years from the 3% to 4% rate of today. Our comprehensive solutions, including equipment, ink and software positions us very well to full leverage this technology shift. Within retail fueling we expect the EMV upgrade cycle in the U.S. to accelerate as our customers began preparing for compliance with payment regulations that go into effect in 2020. Along with that, our growing offering of remote monitoring and software-as-a-service provides ample opportunity for strong growth. In Refrigeration we expect food retailers to invest in closed-door refrigeration cases, energy efficient systems and in specialized display cases, as they look to manage operating cost and differentiate themselves in the market. In these product categories we have a leading position. Finally, within our industrial pumps business, the worldwide growth of plastic usage and our customers’ desire for improved efficiency plays to the strengths of this platform. We have the leading position in pelletizers and other polymer processing equipment due to our higher output, faster changeovers and more compact designs. These growth drivers coupled with our margin improvement initiatives provides a very positive framework for the next several years. And in closing, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for remaining focused on our customers. And with that, Paul, let’s take some questions.
Bob Livingston: The material inflation, Nigel, in the third quarter for Engineered Systems was a little bit higher than we had expected coming into the quarter. You do appropriately note the price increases both second quarter and third quarter, and I would love to have seen more of a price increase in the third quarter and I know the guys are working on that here for the fourth quarter and going into 2018. But the -- I -- at the end of the day even though I say margins overall came in largely in line with our expectations. Margins at Engineered Systems to be frank were a bit disappoint and they should be better.
Bob Livingston: We are managing a dual track process. We have been -- we’ve got a rather robust work extreme internally, as well as with our outside advisors to prepare us for a spin process and if we get to year end and declare that our separation process will be a spin, we would expect the spin to be completed before the end of the second quarter.
Bob Livingston: Okay. Well, I’ll let Brad deal with the bridge. So the -- first off, I would -- let me respond to your comment about stranded cost. If we were to assume that the separation plan for wellsite is a spin. Steve, the cost connected with wellsite as it operates today within Dover and the segment cost are going to move almost 100% with the spin. So the stranded cost to me is actually a de minimis number. That said look at as we look at moving into 2018 absent wellsite, it is a smaller revenue base. On a pro forma basis we expect and will deliver improved margins in 2018 over 2017, and we are looking where -- as my prepared comment pointed out, it’s a very broad-based review of all areas of Dover excluding wellsite and we have -- today we believe we’ve got rough line of sight to about $40 million of savings that would show up in 2018 and I think Brad commented on the cost that we would incur to execute on capturing those savings and it’s about $40 million to 45 million. Here is the problem I have with the $40 million to 45 million and it’s one of timing. We still have some projects to approve here over the next two weeks to three weeks. We have internal communications to rollout. I’m not sure sitting here today that we will end up booking that entire $40 million to $45 million of cost into the fourth quarter, some of those cost may very well bleed into the first quarter. Do you want to…
Bob Livingston: The answer is no, other than I would repeat what I’ve said before with other questions on this topic. The Board and I run and have been running a rather robust process around succession planning. I think the Board feels quite comfortable with it. We are -- we do not anticipate a near-term change.
Bob Livingston: I won’t say, no, to anything, but I don’t see that -- truly I don’t see that being one of the outcomes.
Bob Livingston: No. Not, look, we’ve actually been asking that question ourselves. I don’t think that’s having an impact with our customers or with the business. It’s been a very odd year, Scott, within this segment. We typically have, my goodness, for years have historically seen the second quarter and the third quarter being the high points for this segment with the two shoulder seasons, the first quarter and the fourth quarter being light. We saw the change starting to occur with this segment and the order rates in the fourth quarter of last year, we had very strong organic growth in the first two quarters of this year. And the questions on every call this year so far had been, well, why aren’t you raising your guide on the Refrigeration segment with respect to the topline. And part of our concern is that we knew we were a bit frontloaded in the first half of this year with respect to some customer activity, most notably around some of the cutover on the DOE regulations. We just did not know what we were going to see definitively in the second half. I fully expect 2018 to return this segment to a more seasonal and normal pattern that we’ve seen over the last several years.
Bob Livingston: Well, we -- goodness, it sounds like a huge number, Andrew, but with respect to Harvey in Texas, our energy businesses that have operations there in the Houston area, we actually lost 4,000 work hours due to the storm and due to the factories being shut down for five or six workdays. And at the middle of September we were looking at a better bit of a challenge in closing the quarter to hit the topline plan and believe that we would incur some missed earnings that could amount to $0.03 to $0.04 for the quarter. The guy -- the teams there did an outstanding job in recovery activity in the second half of September. But I would still tell you that the cost for the incremental overtime and extra work that was done to take care of the customers. I think we incurred probably $0.01 to $0.02 of cost that was related to the storm, it’s included in our EPS results for the third quarter and to a much lesser degree, much lesser degree, when the hurricane came up the East Coast, we had two, if not three of our larger operations on the East Coast that were shut down for one to three days, but the biggest impact was Harvey.
Bob Livingston: We’re seeing a little bit of an increased activity in the Houston area with respect to glass doors to replace some of the damage doors. They are especially in the smaller footprint stores. And I think it’s possible though we haven’t booked a specific order yet. But it is possible that we see some order activity here in the fourth quarter as a result of storm. But if it happens it’s not in our guide and we haven’t seen the orders yet.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So that -- that’s -- so let me be real specific here on transportation within our Fluids segment. That part of the business and Paul what is it, about $100 million in revenue.
Bob Livingston: Yeah. Okay. Within our retail fueling business the organic growth for retail fueling was 4%, 3% to 4% in the third quarter. Activity -- whether it would be dispensers, hanging hardware or underground components, activity in Europe and China continues to be quite strong and solid. With respect to the U.S. market, dispenser activity in the U.S. was down in the third quarter as we expected. The only other color note I would share with you is that in the last two weeks of September and it is continuing here so far in October, the order rates -- the incoming order rates for dispensers is actually picked up comfortably, I mean, it’s a nice pickup. If that were -- if those order rates were to continue to hold or even expand as we go through the fourth quarter, I think this group has the opportunity to outperform on the revenue performance for the fourth quarter. EMV…
Bob Livingston: EMV, I’ll give you comment on EMV. It was subdued in the third quarter again as we expected and spoke about in May and our June conference. We’ve been -- we’ve had engagement with three of our top brands, customer brands in this space in the -- just in the last few weeks with respect to discussions on their EMV rollout in 2018 and I think we will have a firming of opinion on what EMV activity will look like in 2018 in another two months to three months.
Bob Livingston: It’s -- I would say, there would never be in an absence of operational opportunities. But I would tell you that the disappointment for the third quarter was around material inflation and pricing offsets.
Bob Livingston: Brad, can walk you through some specific details, but I would -- number one, I would tell you that, working capital in the third quarter was actually 100 bps better than it was year-over-year. But it was still less than we were looking for and expected. It’s not inventory. We -- inventory came in as we expected, if not a tad better and it’s not a payable issue. We did see, I think -- you have to help me here, I think, sequentially from the second quarter to the third quarter, I think, we actually saw almost a full day increase in DSO. But part of this is the working cap -- the absolute dollar increase which comes back to cash, the absolute dollar increase in working capital just to support the strong organic growth that we’ve had in the last two quarters.
Bob Livingston: Well, we have looked at this, we have the date on this and it’s been three weeks or four weeks since I look at it and I’m struggling with recall to give you specific numbers. Obviously, it is down, our wellsite exposure is down. But I would first call out the comment that I made earlier on transportation. We would label this $100 million business in transportation to be energy-related. It may not be all upstream, some of it is midstream, but I would truly label it as energy-related. And bearings and compression, it’s -- there is some upstream connection to bearings and compression. But it’s not the correlation or the size that we have in the wellsite businesses. And the bulk of it other than bearings and compression is connected into the Fluids segment.
Bob Livingston: …give you some numbers on this. But let me comment on your Refrigeration note. We actually started to see material inflation raise its head in Refrigeration in the first quarter and the second quarter. I don’t remember the numbers now. But I actually think our material inflation headwind in the first quarter just within Refrigeration, I think, it was $9 million. There were prices -- there were price increases put in as we exited the first quarter in Refrigeration. We didn’t have -- we didn’t cover it all in the second quarter, but the gap on material inflation significantly reduced in the second quarter. And I’m not viewing that given our early position on raising prices in Refrigeration to cover the material, I’m not looking at pricing -- price inflation to be a decremental for Refrigeration in the second half of the year.
Bob Livingston: So earnings, earnings for the business that was sold for next year -- Brad, I am going to see $0.10 -- it might…
Bob Livingston: Lost earnings $0.10. Look, please note that, I was very specific here in my scripted comments. We did not sell the entire Warn business. We sold the winch business, both the consumer and the smaller industrial winch business, that’s part of -- that was part of Warn. What we kept was actually the OEM component business for the auto industry and the business activity that was sold from a revenue perspective, Brad, I think, was -- it would $130 million on that...
Bob Livingston: Okay. So let me deal with cost savings initiatives, first. As I said, it is rather broad-based, but I do exclude wellsite from that comment and would not -- I would not hang more than its fair share -- pro rata fair share of activity on Refrigeration. There has been activity in the second half of last year and through the first three quarters of this year with a focus on productivity and cost takeouts. There will be some more within that segment during the fourth quarter and going into 2018. But, Julian, this is, when I say broad-based, I mean, across the segments and across corporate and across the regions, it’s going to be quite broad based. With respect to bookings, I’d also put you back to my earlier comment about how strange or an odd of year it’s been with respect to the, I call it the quarterly waterfall within this segment being quite different than what we have seen historically. That’s part of what showing up in the softer bookings here in the third quarter. But it was not all within the Refrigeration business. We also saw soft year-over-year bookings within our can-shaping business following a very, very strong order pattern we had in the second quarter. And we’ve got a fairly healthy, maybe even record revenue quarter scheduled for the can-shaping business and even some of the orders that have been booked in the last couple of quarters, we actually feel within the can-shaping business and that we’re well-positioned now for 2018.
Bob Livingston: Number one, I would tell you that the segment leadership team, as well as the operating business leadership teams truly are convinced they can grow this business next year. If you look at it on a quarterly basis, again given the change in 2017 on how strong the first quarter was relative to historical comps as we move into 2018, it’s going to be impossible for just the Refrigeration platform to have positive organic growth in the first quarter as you copied against the first quarter of ‘17. But I -- we are convinced that we will return to a more seasonal pattern in 2018 and I think you’ll see the positive comps show up in the second half of the year.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So, yeah, I don’t disagree with you. We look back on the comps. We -- the revenue for this business -- for the pumps group or platform in 2016 we were clearly still feeling the downdraft from the down cycle in the upstream oil and gas activity. We have seen with respect to upstream oil and gas, we have seen a nice recovery in those applications throughout the year. And by the time, I think, the fourth quarter, the comps probably aren’t as easy as they were in the first quarter and second quarter this year, but we are also still showing fairly strong organic growth for the pumps business in the fourth quarter. But the other -- I call it two areas of pumps outside of our distribution activity is our hygienic and pharma business continues to perform very, very well and strong growth rates, and those comps are not easy, because they have strong growth rates last year as well and the -- our plastic and polymer business within pumps bit more of a project business, so you get some noise when you look at quarter versus quarter and on a year-over-year basis, but we will have strong growth in the plastics and polymer business for 2017 and we will have quite solid growth in that business in 2018.
Bob Livingston: I am not denying that for the industrial applications related to oil and gas the comps are in our favor. But that’s not what is driving all of the recovery and growth in our pumps business.
Bob Livingston: So organic for the fourth quarter, I’m probably rounding to the nearest integer, but it 6%. Now the important question there, Scott, okay, is how much -- how much of the 6% is Dover remain co ex-wellsite. I don’t have that data. But it is positive. For your comment about Refrigeration, even with the difference in the customer buying activity within the Refrigeration platform in 2017, organic growth in the fourth quarter for Refrigeration is at 1% or 1% and a fraction even with our lower expectations.
Bob Livingston: Yeah. Well, Brad, can probably provide more specific numbers then I can. But I would say that better than a third may be approaching 40% of the drop had to do with material inflation, another...
Bob Livingston: Well -- I will start first with a roll up with discussions with customers and we do expect our activity to be up next year. I don’t have a final number. We are going through our planning process. We will actually kick that off in about 10 days to solidify our operating plans for 2018. But we know we have been awarded some business. We haven’t received the orders yet. I don’t know exactly what the order level will be in 2018, but it will be incremental. And on top of that even if the revenue line were to hold constant in ‘18 versus ‘17, we see a clear path and opportunity for improvement in margins.
Bob Livingston: We still are interested in expanding in a general way across different verticals, our pumps play within Fluids and we’re always looking for opportunities. We’ve seen some to expand both in our marking and coding, as well as in our digital print area. But the act -- the areas we’re looking at wouldn’t be any different than we’ve been focused -- than we’ve been sharing even at the June Investor Conference, so there wouldn’t be any difference there. Your question about valuation, it’s interesting, because the -- we have walked away, well, we have been unsuccessful on a couple of recent opportunities to meet the sellers expectation on valuation and we just felt it was a little bit into the discomfort range for us and we just went pencils down and withdrew and we will wait for the next opportunities…
Bob Livingston: So, let me deal with your Wal-Mart question or comment first. I would say that that activity on their pickup rollout has been minimal -- a minimal impact to our business. I’m -- I know that we’ve had an order here and order there, but it hasn’t been notable with respect to creating any change. The -- within the Refrigeration segment, the opportunity -- the greatest opportunity for margin improvement for the segment resides in Hillphoenix and Anthony, primarily Hillphoenix.
Brad Cerepak: I think we are confident on the $40 million of benefits. We are not as confident as the split on the cost side, but a loin share of it will be in the fourth quarter based upon what we know today and it is not in the bridge, so…
Brad Cerepak: So the base restructuring previously we’ve been talking about $18 million to $20 million. We are still -- that base restructuring still ongoing, which gives us over $40 million. That’s -- that generates benefits for us in the current year of about $47 million. There will be some carryover into ‘18 on that as well.
Brad Cerepak: No. The -- from a marking and coding perspective, we had a very good third quarter with marking and coding. We are continuing to make some investments within our digital print business and that’s for 2017. Help me with this number. I think it’s about $5 million or $6 million of incremental investment that will not continue and will not repeat in 2018. But with respect to marking and coding it was a pretty solid quarter and no…
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So what, Bob, saying, is -- metrics are actually quite good in terms of working capital metrics. What we are seeing is the increase in accounts receivable specifically as we have the strong -- we’ve had a strong revenue growth. So we are expecting strong collections in the fourth quarter to support a strong fourth quarter free cash flow and put us in that range of 10% to 11%.
Brad Cerepak: You want to size it. When you are coming out of the second quarter we said we would see about $34 million of net impact on materials for the year. That was our last guide. Now up to $38 million and I would say all of that for deltas in DES, because what Bob is referring to, fundamentally on DRFE we had a first half impact, as they were putting the prices in place and it neutralize itself for the back half. That’s still true today for the most part, very minor change. Our DE business is seeing some steel increases. They’ve also put in place some price increases here in October. So really is fundamentally move within DES and these guys -- our guys are working on this. They are working on price increases and more productivity. That is just going to take a period of time to offset.
