Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Before I get to our second quarter results, I would like to share a few observations on the changes we saw in the macro environment during the quarter. We entered the second quarter knowing, we were dealing with some modest challenges in Europe and a slowing economy in China. The decline in Europe was greater than our expectations. These weaker conditions were felt most notably within our Fluids platform and our Printing & Identification segment. With respect to China, we experienced some of the effects of a slowing export market in a few of our businesses. Our U.S. markets held quite well, namely, refrigeration and food equipment, industrial, energy, commercial aerospace and life sciences. Now, let me provide some comments on our second quarter results. We posted revenue of $2.2 billion in the quarter, an increase of 8%. Our second quarter EPS of $1.15 was a slight improvement over the prior year adjusted EPS. In our Energy segment, we continued to see growth across our end markets with production in downstream being the strongest. As a result, we posted strong organic revenue growth in the quarter. As I have shared with you before, while rig count has flattened, market dynamics provide a solid environment for our products and services. These dynamics include the ongoing shift from gas to oil, oil prices supporting continued CapEx for production and a strengthening downstream market. We expect Energy results to remain solid for the balance of the year. At our Communication Technology segment, we saw the continuation of a strong smartphone market as well as solid commercial aerospace and life science markets. Telecom markets remained weak. The highway was 25% organic growth in our MEM sales to the handset market in the second quarter and we expect even stronger MEMS performance in the second half. Although results at Sound Solutions continue to be significantly impacted by further OEM share shifts, I was especially encouraged by increasing order rates on new design wins in the quarter and expect shipments at Sound Solutions to accelerate through the second half. Within our Engineered Systems segment, refrigeration and food equipment markets were solid as were most of our U.S. industrial end markets. Regarding our Fluids platform. The strong start for Maag Pump was offset by a weaker Europe and China. The result for this segment was lower than anticipated revenue in fluids, largely offset by 8% revenue growth in refrigeration and food equipment. Going forward, we believe second half results in refrigeration will remain solid on the strength of an active remodeling market, our leading technology and our customers' continued focus on energy efficiency. Our U.S. industrial markets which account for 65% of segment revenue should be rather stable. Within our Printing & Identification segment, we continue to see a weak, but improving market for electronics equipment. Within our consumer goods and industrial markets, our focus on new products, channel expansion and service is making a difference. Markem-Imaje this results in a 5% organic growth excluding the impact of currency, a strong result in North America and modest growth in China offset a weak Europe. We expect improved results in the back half of the year driven by new product launches, normal seasonality and the benefits of our first half restructuring activities. Overall, the strength of our businesses enabled Dover to deliver segment margin of 16.7% in the quarter, inclusive of $11 million of restructuring and deal cost. We ended the quarter with a book-to-bill of 0.99. I was pleased with our free cash flow generation in the second quarter as it improved 30% over the prior year period. Our teams continue to focus on working capital management and lean activity. Our acquisition pipeline remains active and we remain highly disciplined on valuation. The opportunities in front of us are all strategic add-ons, highly synergistic and offer strong integration opportunities. In summary, I believe our second half will be stronger than the first as revenue in our handset businesses will be up significantly. I also expect solid contribution from our businesses serving the oil production, downstream energy, fast-moving consumer goods and U.S. industrial markets. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As I mentioned upfront, I am convinced that our second half will be stronger than our first half. Our participation in the handset market, our production in downstream energy businesses and our businesses serving the vast moving consumer goods and U.S. industrial markets will lead the way. I expect Dover's second half revenue to be up about 7%, sequentially, and anticipate solid leverage on the increased volume. As always, our teams are focused on programs and initiatives to reduce cost and increase productivity. As I look beyond 2012, I remain confident in our positions and our five key growth basis. I am convinced our play and the energy, fluids, refrigeration and food equipment, product identification and communication components offer growth opportunities built on technology leadership, geographic expansion and commitment to our customers. In closing, I would like to thank our entire Dover teams for their hard work and dedication. Their focus on servicing customers and achieving results will continue to drive Dover's success. With that, Paul, let's take some questions.
Bob Livingston: Well, the driver in the second half is going to be very similar to what we saw driving the strong book-to-bill in the second quarter and it is going to be around our handset business both, Knowles and Sound Solutions. Maybe Brad has the number. I can't recall what the book-to-bill is in the second half for our handset business, but I know it's very positive.
Bob Livingston: Well, I'm not going to label it fixed until we are performing like we expected this business to perform at the time of the acquisition, so I think you are going to see some trends here in the second half of the year with a much stronger fourth quarter than third quarter. It is going to accelerate during the second half. Brad can probably correct me here on my answer, but I think sequentially as we look at Sound Solutions coming out of the second quarter, the revenue expectations in the third quarter are up about 20% to 25%, and another sequential improvement in revenue in the fourth quarter of additional 20% to 25%. And, Scott, I think by the time we get to the end of the third quarter and the fourth quarter, we are going to start to see the operating margins of this business set the base for what we will expect in 2013, which I think will be very reflective of the business performance on this business that we expected when we made the acquisition, so you asked a very important question had we seen the trough. I think we have.
Bob Livingston: I would label this after quarter as being successful at Sound Solutions with respect to our automation projects. It actually may be signed off today, Rob, by the time we closed the month of July, we will have five of our new lines not just turned over to manufacturing, but signed off on by our customers. Pretty good.
Bob Livingston: My answer is no. Brad may have something more definitive, but the impact you are seeing is primarily FX.
Bob Livingston: We are still convinced that once we get into a steady state with this business that our operating margin should be in the mid-20s. I think help me here, Brad. I think as we look at the second half of 2012, the outlook we have now for the fourth quarter, the operating margins are probably going to be in the mid-to-high teens. I think Brad wants to clarify.
Bob Livingston: Brad may have the year-over-year comps for the second half. What's forefront in my thinking is right now is sequentially, so let me response sequentially.
Bob Livingston: With the three sectors, drilling, production then downstream. Drilling, I hope we are being conservative, but we are actually putting in into the guidance that our drilling activity will be down in the second half versus the first half modestly. I think 2% or 3%. Production remains fairly strong, Terry. I don't remember now what the number is, but I think it's about 8% second half over the first half in production. Some of that is through the benefit of the acquisition we made in, what was it? I guess, April of PCS, and some of the big chunk of the growth in the second half is actually from our international activity. Downstream, I think that's also about 8% or 9% sequential growth in the second half. Strong activity in downstream right now.
Bob Livingston: I would say that the negative in the second quarter, book-to-bill at energy, we always deal with the Canadian strength. Some years that gets highlighted and some years it doesn't, but it was very real here in the second quarter, and I think in the drilling activity, we did see some moderation of orders in the early part of the quarter, especially April, little bit better order rates in June, but I think the whole decline in orders from what the expectation would have been in the second quarter would be able to (Inaudible) and some moderation activity in drilling.
Bob Livingston: Help me again here, Brad. I think that comment may deal with booking activity. Our bookings in the first, I'm going to say two-thirds of the quarter, April and May were actually fairly positive and gave us some positive comps year-over-year in bookings. I can't say the same about June. June was soft again, but for the quarter the activity was up in telecom. It's not reflected in our revenue in the second quarter. We are expecting a little bit better second half at our telecom than we had in revenue in the second quarter.
Bob Livingston: Nigel, I think we've called this out. I think, Brad called it out in his prepared comments. Our U.S. industrial activity has held up quite well in their first half. Maybe with the exception and this is where it think Brad called it out in a refuse market, but if you look at business grow across the board from all of this to the refrigeration and food equipment business activity, the activity continue to be strong during the quarter as we ended the quarter and the early read in July as order activities continue to be fairly healthy here in July.
Bob Livingston: Nothing surprised us in the second quarter. Engineered Systems and as I had in my prepared comments, we're expecting our U.S. markets to be stable in the second half.
Bob Livingston: Well, you've got two questions there. Supply chain and then the launch of the platforms. The launch of the platforms are probably at least month or six weeks later than we were expecting three or four months ago. We also have heard some of the noise and the chatter about supply chain constraints with some of the product platforms that are being launched, but it's hard to point anything specific, Nigel. We hear the same chatter that I am sure you do.
Bob Livingston: Yes. About 350 basis points improvement in the second half. Most of that is coming from Markem-Imaje. We are seeing a little bit of an increase in margins in the second half from our electronics businesses, but it's very modest.
Bob Livingston: Europe was down. Gosh, I don't remember. How do I pull out FX from this? I think organically, MI was probably a couple of points maybe one point in Europe, in the second quarter and the rest were about as expected or as you would expect. Second half, I don't think the growth rates are any different in the second half than what we were experiencing in the second quarter. Julian
Bob Livingston: Well, we talk about it internally and it's really the tale of two different industries in China, or the business activity in China that is in support of what I call the China export machine. It has been weak in the second quarter and it weakened during the quarter. You would see a little bit of that impact at Markem-Imaje and some of the verticals that they support and service really geared towards the export activity. You would see some of that lower activity in our pumps business in some of the verticals they support. You would see this in our Electronics equipment business. In the parts of our business and in the verticals we serve that I would label as domestic consumption, the activity held up fairly well during the second quarter. As far as your other comment, some people calling it a turn now in the second quarter, I'm not willing to do that yet. I think we've taken a rather cautious outlook for China in the second half.
Bob Livingston: So, the question is our fourth quarter outlook lower than it was 90 days ago for Sound Solutions. The answer is yes. Brad commented earlier that our outlook for Sound Solutions, we've taken $80 million of revenue out of the second half forecast. I am not sitting here who is doing a recall on how that split between the third and the fourth quarter, but I do believe the bulk of it was in the third quarter, but not all of that, so the fourth quarter hit a little bit lower. We're looking at an exit rate here fourth quarter revenue forecast for Sound Solutions, somewhere around $110 million. If you want to annualize that, Shannon, I would expect that to be what I call the absolute base line for 2013, and I will tell you our expectations are going to be it will be hard.
Bob Livingston: Recall that 1.6 million shares or so related to the shares we issued in connection with the PCS acquisition.
Bob Livingston: So, we went right back into the market and bought those shares back. Think about that as really an acquisition cost.
Bob Livingston: There is a trade-off. As I commented earlier, it is. The share repurchase topic is getting a lot of discussion, but I have no announcement to share with you.
Bob Livingston: Okay. Yes. Any further color on that I guess would be, don't expect us in the second half of this year to announce a large acquisition.
Bob Livingston: I don't think we have anything in our pipeline that has any likelihood of closing in the second half of the year. Help me here, Brad. That would be greater than $250 million.
Bob Livingston: Over the first quarter of last year. Again, we had a very, very strong start. Second quarter revenue at Hill PHOENIX is probably what, Brad, up? 9% or 10%? 9% or 10% over the second quarter of last year. I would label that the Hill PHOENIX market activity and the Hill PHOENIX business activity has been quite strong in the first half. I'm not sure any of us could point to anything else within Engineered Systems that could either be remotely labeled as a go forward of activity into the first quarter.\
Bob Livingston: I would say it's more normal seasonality, a little bit related to acquisitions, but there is nothing unusual about the working capital, nor the inventory in the quarter based up on what we normal think. So, in other words, I think our working capital as a percent of sales is roughly around 17.92% of sales and that's historically about where we would expect to be, so we'll sit here today with a feeling that we have excess inventories in any particular area of any significance.
Brad Cerepak: I would say, you are talking about Comm Tech in particular, it's very negligible, very small impact in currency in that particular segment or segments on currency that impacted the most are DBS and DPI, on foreign currency. The whole move down on DZT is really related to Sound Solutions.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah. Exactly. As you know, when we turned the first year of ownership, we put it into organic, so we are seeing now our last forecast the decline in Sound Solutions of approximately let's say $80 million in the second half, and the way to think about that, we've been chasing no key and rimmed down the whole year, big share of that over 50% of that revised forecast is due to continue what we call these OEM share shifts, where we are seeing losses of volume, continued loses in volume in Nokia and RIM and some other smaller handset providers. Then again, the other piece of that is really timing related to how we see the launch coming now as we are in launch in phase and how we see that launch progressing the third quarter into the fourth.
Brad Cerepak: No. I can't give you an exact number. I do know that it's less than 20% in the second half. I don't think it's less than 15%, so I am giving you a range. It's between 15% and 20%, but I actually don't know the exact number, Jeff.
Brad Cerepak: Second half. And, if I had to take a guess on this, I am doing some recall here. If I need to take a guess for the second quarter, it was probably high teens.
Brad Cerepak: Mid-teens in the second half, and I would just want to clarify that when Bob says operating EBIT, that's creating the step-ups.
Brad Cerepak: Well, I would like to think we have discounted Europe appropriately here as we look at Product ID. You've got two label in structural items in the second half that are providing some windage to the margin and that is the restructuring activity we've taken here in the first half. We'll capture some of the benefits of that in the second half of the year. We've been sharing with you for the maybe the past year our increased investment activity in sales and customer service activity. That continued to expand during the first half. I would label the second half as being rather flat with that spend activity.
Brad Cerepak: Okay. Well, first on FX. In our previous guide, we were about around €34. We're about €122 in this particular forecast. It cost us in terms of our growth rate total Dover at about 0.06, 0.07 of FX impact. To put that in dollar terms, point to point at the mid-point, just to clarify the thing we've been talking about, we're down about $180 million or so at the mid-point of our revenue guidance range. A piece of that or let's say $50 million of that give or take a few dollars is FX. $50 million of it is the Europe and slowing China, and the rest remaining to be Sound Solution.
Brad Cerepak: As it relates by segment, most of the FX is in DPI. DPI was negative 2 to start in our earlier guide in the year, down negative 4. And then a little bit in DES, where you get about a 0.5 impact on FX related to their European-based business mainly in pumps by the way and in the [business].
Brad Cerepak: The only difference in the second half of this year with respect to seasonality would be around the Comm. Tech part of the business and it is interesting. Just because of the timing of these product launches, Steve, historically we've always looked at the Knowles MEMS business is being 45% in the first half and 55% in the second half, and historically that's where you can sort of lay the revenue waterfall during the year because of the strong product launches in the second half. It's probably closer to 40.60, and that's a significant change. Beyond that, you are not going to see any other differences in our seasonality. We still look at a seasonably weaker quarter from Hill PHOENIX in their fourth quarter than we do the proceeding three quarters and I am not sure if there is any other business in Dover that has such a strong seasonal trends, HP.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. Now, let's see. Maybe I can give you a little bit more detail on that and I'll comment, I shared with you in my prepared comments that the second half revenue, we see it being up about 7%, sequentially. Those 7 points, so even better. 1.5 of that is coming from acquisitions that were made in the first half of the year. That's primarily the Maag and PCS, but that's 1.5% of the 7%.
Brad Cerepak: Steve, I don't have that data in front of me. But, I will comment. Again, on this seven-point sequential growth in the second half, half of that is coming from our handset business.
Brad Cerepak: But I think, I would just add to that as Bob put in his commentary, maybe our focus has shifted a little bit, Shannon, to highly integrative bolt-on deals and price discipline and that's key, I think. That's a key thought process that.
