Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. I was very pleased with our fourth quarter results highlighted by broad-based revenue growth with all segments contributing. Notably, Engineered Systems delivered 12% growth and Printing & Identification grew 9%. In all, we generated 5% organic revenue growth and grew adjusted EPS, 17%.  From a geographic perspective, our North America markets remained solid. Our European markets continued to show improvement with double-digit growth driven by our short-cycle business activity complemented by project shipments. Lastly, our China as well as our Rest of World markets were strong across all segments. Now let me share some specific comments on our fourth quarter. At Communication Technologies, our consumer electronics growth was driven by the continued rollout of a third quarter OEM product launch where we delivered high volumes across all our product lines. Our strong position with this OEM allowed us to grow nicely despite continued headwinds at 2 other customers. Knowles continues to invest in innovative acoustic solutions, which will position them well for future product launches. In our Energy segment, improving well activity and increased international business drove significant growth in our drilling and downstream businesses. Our modest growth in production reflects continued weak winch markets and reduced sucker rod activity in North America. We achieved growth of 50% in markets outside the U.S., Canada and Europe on the benefits of our geographic expansion programs. Fundamentals remained solid in our artificial lift markets. Within our Engineered Systems segment, we saw strong growth across both platforms. Our Refrigeration & Industrial results were very solid, driven by improving activity with regional refrigeration accounts and robust growth in the auto aftermarket and food service markets. In our fluids platform, solid results were driven by our pump businesses, particularly those serving the plastics and petrochemical verticals. These results were complemented by improved heat exchanger and dispenser activity. Within our Printing & Identification segment, solid growth in both our fast-moving consumer goods and industrial markets resulted in outstanding performance. Geographic revenue growth was broad-based highlighted by Europe, this segment's largest market. It is encouraging to see the benefits of growth and cost initiatives implemented over the past 2 years. As we begin 2014 and following the spin of Knowles, you should expect us to align our segment structure to better reflect our future growth plans. Regarding our business activity, near term, we expect continued excellent performance in Energy, driven by expanding international activity and the ongoing improvement in drilling. Strong results in our refrigeration and food equipment markets, solid results in our fluids markets on the benefits of our recent acquisitions and, generally, healthier markets and normal seasonality in our fast-moving consumer goods market. We also expect to close more acquisitions in the first quarter and complete our $1 billion share repurchase program. In summary, I am pleased with our execution and results and feel quite positive about our growth and productivity initiatives. As we begin the year, I feel confident in our ability to deliver excellent performance driven by improving end markets and the strength of our business. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Brad. 2013 was a great year for Dover. We delivered robust revenue and earnings growth and took major steps to position us for continuing future success. We continued to invest for growth. We completed 10 acquisitions last year for $323 million to extend and enhance our market positions and we invested in internal growth initiatives, especially geographic expansion. Our OPW business is a great example and has grown to a $500 million business thanks to internal initiatives and the addition of Jump, Fibrelite and KPS acquisitions. Through their expanded product offering, they can now offer a complete fuel management solution to customers around the world. Our artificial lift business is another case in point. Here, we've significantly built our sales and service and business development resources in the Middle East, Australia, Southeast Asia and South America, all of which have contributed to significant revenue growth in this business over the last 2 years. We have also increased our productivity investments and have numerous consolidation and Lean projects either completed or well underway. We extended our long track record of increasing our annual dividend and continued executing on our $1 billion share repurchase program. From a strategic perspective, the pending spin of Knowles is a key step in positioning Dover as a best-in-class industrial manufacturer. I am excited about the growth prospects we have across the company. We have very strong and expanding market positions in refrigeration and food equipment, fluid transfer, including pumps, Energy, Printing & Identification and other market-leading industrial businesses serving the vehicle service, waste management and heat exchanger markets, to name a few. Without exception, all our businesses have meaningful opportunities to broaden the revenue base and push into new markets. We will continue to build our acquisition pipeline and pursue those opportunities that strengthen our market position, with a particular emphasis on geographic market expansion. In addition to our growth initiatives, we will more aggressively invest in productivity and Lean activities. I believe we can achieve higher-margin and deliver more consistent performance while continuing to be a very strong generator of cash. In all, I believe the future is very bright for Dover and I am more confident than ever about our positioning and long-term prospects. In closing, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results and I look forward to a great '14. With that, Paul, let's take some questions.
Robert A. Livingston: No -- well, they're not included in our guidance with respect to having an impact on EPS. The proceeds from the remaining business within electronic assembly and test deck is expected to be about $170 million and the dividend from the Knowles spin is expected to be $400 million. We have that cash to play with for the balance of the year, Deane.
Robert A. Livingston: No. No, the guidance for 2014 and what you see on the bridge is that, that Brad and Paul presented, are only including acquisitions that have been closed.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, our confidence is the fact that we're sitting here in the first quarter and we're sitting on top of these deals. And actually, our guidance for '14 does include a small acquisition that was completed January 3 or January 5 or whatever. But, Deane, you'll see the emphasis in our pipeline execution here in our first quarter continue to be around Energy and our fluids businesses, as well as some interest we have in continuing to expand our refrigeration business.
Robert A. Livingston: Shannon, if you look at -- let's see, I guess the last 2 years, '12 and '13, I think you see a fairly balanced allocation of capital from Dover. We've -- the capital has been allocated to dividends and to share repurchase activity as well acquisitions. I happen to like that balance. And I think that without telling you what we're going to do yet, we'll talk more about that after the Knowles spin. But I think you should expect to see us have that balance of capital allocation going forward.
Robert A. Livingston: I'm not going to define a number. I'm going to repeat what I said. I happen to like the balance capital allocation approach we've had for the last 2 years. And we'll give you a little bit more insight into that after the spin is complete.
Robert A. Livingston: Look, we actually look for a fairly well-balanced contribution from all 3 sectors in our Energy segment for '14. Shannon, your comment about the lower activity in production. Let me be more specific. If you look at our production activity, let's label it our artificial lift business, we've got 2 main products or applications: it's the sucker rod and then the pump application at the bottom of the well. Where we have seen some softness in activity in the final, I would say, 3 or 4 months of the year has been specific with sucker rods. And even more specific, Shannon, it's been very specific to Texas activity. Our pump business has continued to be strong and has expanded throughout the year and I would -- not to be defensive, but I truly do see that a lot of the softness we saw in Texas in the fourth quarter around sucker rods was the -- around the initial installation of new artificial lift systems in a couple of the key basins and primarily related to weather.
Robert A. Livingston: Oh, gosh. That's hard to do until we actually sign the deal and close it. I would -- clearly, clearly north of $100 million and south of $500 million. And that's a pretty wide range.
Robert A. Livingston: I'm not sure I can give you a specific number on what I call the class of '13. But the EBITDA multiple was -- I can tell you is the class for '13 was less than 10.
Robert A. Livingston: No, I don't think the spin preparation process has impacted the revenue. There's probably some very minor spending that's included in their earnings and reflected in their margins that's related to the spin. But I'm going to tell you again, it would be rather minor.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, if you look at our guidance of 3% to 4% organic, I would tell you that Energy is slightly higher than that range and the others are centered in the range.
Robert A. Livingston: Jeff, I was -- I think we closed the year '13 with margins at Energy at 20%, 24%, 24.1%. And that's sort of have been the target we've had for the guys for '13. And I think I responded to a question either on the October call or the July call about margins for Energy for '13, I think we ended up right where we thought they would be. As we move into '14, I expect margins for our Energy to be just about where they are right now. We'll see a little bit of noise throughout the year, but I would still expect margins for the year to center on that 24% number.
Robert A. Livingston: Good question. So let me give you a comment on the year first. If you look at the absolute numbers on revenue, the first half is actually fairly equal to the second half. They were very, very similar in revenue for both halves of the year. And Steve, you would continue to see the same type of seasonality in our profile that you've seen in the past, where the second quarter and the third quarter are the higher quarters and the seasonal impact that's seen in the first quarter and fourth quarter. But it's -- you're -- you just wouldn't see anything different in our profile from what you've seen in the past.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes, on an organic response, the -- I think the first half rate, it's in the 3% to 4% range in the first half. And it's in the 3% to 4% range, maybe pushing towards the higher end of the 4% in the second half.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, in essence, you don't. But by the time we hit -- by the time we were exiting the third quarter and entering the fourth quarter, John, we were at, I call it full production rates on all 3 of the acoustic product lines.
Robert A. Livingston: I'm not going to say too much, John. I will remind you that the team at Knowles has scheduled their own Investor Day. I think it's for the 19th of February and I am almost certain that that's going to be webcast. But the first quarter profile for Knowles will show the, I call it the normal seasonality that you would see post a product launch and proceeding the next product launch.
Robert A. Livingston: We'll share a little bit more detail around this post-spin, but you're asking about numbers. I happen to like the number 4, John.
Robert A. Livingston: I think I have said everything I'm going to say on Knowles. It's a great story. The guys are getting prepared for their Investor Day on the 19th. And I think they're going to have an interesting and an exciting and enthusiastic message for their investor base on the 19th.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. I don't have that detail here on margins by quarter for '14. Let me go back to my earlier comment about the revenue balance between first half and second half. Even though the revenue, even though the revenue is fairly balanced between first half and second half, I think you're going to see our margins a little bit better in the second half than they are in the first half, partly because -- and here's 2 or 3 key points here. Number one, we will continue to see a little bit of margin pressure here in the first 2 or 3 months of the year from some of the acquisitions that have been completed or that -- or that were completed, especially in the fourth quarter of last year. We've got some consolidation projects underway, Nigel, both here in the States as well as in Europe, some of them related to acquisitions that were completed last year, others are, I call it more normal productivity type of consolidation projects. And some of the costs we're growing to incur on those consolidation projects will be borne and reported here on the first half results. And the benefits that we'll receive from those projects will start to flow through in the second half. So even though the revenue is pretty evenly split, you're going to see a little bit better performance in the second half on margins than the first half.
Robert A. Livingston: 3 or 4 rooftops. And the cost again of, I call it the move and the consolidation is a first half expense and we'll start to see the benefits show up in the second half. We have a couple of other projects similar to that, that will be in Europe this year.
Robert A. Livingston: I think your guess is pretty close for modeling, 3 to -- a little bit lower in Europe and the U.S. and a little bit higher in the emerging markets. We continue to see good and interesting opportunities for growth in China and other parts of Asia. You'll see us do a little bit more in South America in 2014, maybe even a bit more than we've done in the last couple of years. But we do look at the U.S. and Europe to be, I would call it low to -- low single-digit contributors to organic growth in '14.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, we have been realizing some of those revenue synergies throughout the year. I would say it's been building, especially as we got beyond the first quarter. Nathan, I can't give you a number on that. I just don't have that. We had a very solid second half in our refrigeration business. The profile was a bit different between the third quarter and the fourth quarter. The -- I would call it the core refrigeration business, our case in systems business actually was fairly strong in the third and the fourth quarter. And our Anthony business actually was performing pretty much -- very much on plan on our acquisition model through the first, not only 3 quarters, maybe even through the first 10 or 10.5 months. We did see some deferrals late in the fourth quarter that would move into 2014 and it's not in the core grocery business. We see it more in, I call it the smaller format stores like the convenience stores and, perhaps, even sold it more out of North America than we did here in the U.S.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So when I talk about the geographic expansion and we -- and I gave you this number of 40%, 42% and 50%, what I'm referring to is the growth and what I would label as new markets for Energy. So I'm excluding or including as the core, not just North America, but I'm including as the core, Europe. Okay. I want to make that point first. As a percentage of the total, these new geo expansion initiatives, perhaps, now account for about 18% of the Energy segments revenue. So it's rather significant. Gosh, I think we don't have to roll the clock back much beyond 3 years and we'd only see that number to be 5% or 6% of the segment's revenue. We will continue. We are continuing to add resources, people resources around the world for the Energy segment, as I commented in my opening comments. I would love to sit here and tell you that you'll see 40% growth every year for the next 5 years. The math sort of starts to work against us a little bit. We will continue to see significant growth opportunities for Energy, especially around artificial lift during the next 2 to 3 years. But you should expect that growth to come -- the growth rate to moderate significantly. It's representing 18% of their revenue today.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So let me -- I guess, the key assumption or the underpinning behind our guidance and forecast for Energy for '14 would be our take on what we're going to see in rig count activity here in North America. That's always where we start. We actually -- we are -- our assumption is that rig count in both U.S. as well as in North America for 2014 is actually flat with '13. I know there's some reports out there that show rig count activity to be forecasted to be up modestly, but our assumption is that it will be flat. That said, even with the flat rig count, we continue to see and expect increased well activity in 2014. I would call it mid-single-digit increase in well activity. Outside of North America, we continue to see more and more, I call it tender projects that we feel that we should be participants in. That's been a significant part of the growth that we've had in our Energy business over the last couple of years. And we see that continuing into '14 and beyond.
Brad M. Cerepak: Just to reiterate, our first -- our forecast does include completion of the $1 billion, as I said, in the first quarter. So that's approximately $300 million or so of buybacks to be completed.
Brad M. Cerepak: I think another way to think about it is, we have 2% that carries over for completed deals. We did 5% in 2013. I would think it's not a specific target or goal. But that round about that 5% range would be something that would make sense, perhaps.
Brad M. Cerepak: I think there are some minor overhead adds as well as they get prepared to spin in terms of resources and adding headcount. That's normal for preparing for a spin. That's in their fourth quarter, again, but not a big number at this stage.
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes, great question. Yes -- no, great question. I think -- I just want to say that, first of all, we are seeing -- I want to just go back to we are seeing a lower pro forma rate as we move into '14 by about 60 basis points or so. That's really driven by the things we're doing to drive that rate as we go forward to a lower result. I think I mentioned at one point that -- I mentioned at one point that we were looking to do things in Europe with our businesses to make them more of a principal agent-type structure. We got that completed. That was part of this Markem-Imaje restructuring we were talking about. So that's been helpful to us. Our rate also, as you know, does not include, at this stage, any R&D credits. So that would help that to 30 to 40 bps lower that gets reinstated. As I think about it going forward, right now, you hear us talk a lot about our international investment and international increase in revenue streams. Over the next, say, the mid-term, I'm confident to say that I will see that rate drop down below 30%, high 20s. That's our target.
Brad M. Cerepak: No, I would say your calculation is pretty good. We -- I'd say it's somewhere -- the conversion is somewhere between 23% and 25% the way we think about it on organic growth, which is pretty consistent with what we saw in 2013. Keep in mind that we do put into that line item, not only volume conversion, but mix and material -- cost material spread. And I would say while materials are behaving fairly well going into the first part of 2014, right now, we view that in our forecast to be slightly -- a slight drag, not that large, but a slight drag on that conversion rate.
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes, sorry. Our guidance would be pretty neutral for Dover. Keep in mind that some of these markets that have seen quite a bit of activity or change in the valuation of their currencies, we're not a big player in some of those markets. So at this point, our forecast is built on pretty steady assumption around FX.
