Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 6 of the presentation deck, on the top of the -- on the top of the page is the revenue bridge. Our top-line organic revenue increased by 30% in the quarter with all five segments posting growth with particular strength in our Pumps & Process Solutions and Refrigeration & Food Equipment segments. FX benefited the top-line by about 5% or $68 million. Acquisitions added $19 million of revenue in the quarter. There were no year over impacts from dispositions. The revenue breakdown by geography reflect strong growth in North America, Europe and Asia, our three largest regions. The U.S., our largest market posted 25% organic growth in the quarter on solid trading conditions in retail fueling, marking & coding, biopharma, food retail and can making. Europe grew by 30% on strong shipments in vehicle aftermarket, biopharma and industrial pumps and heat exchangers. All of Asia was up 38% organically on growth in biopharma, marking & coding, plastics and polymers, heat exchangers and retail fueling demand outside of China. China, which represents a little over half of our business in Asia was up 33% organically in the quarter. Moving to the bottom of the page, bookings were up 61% organically, reflecting continued broad-based momentum across the portfolio. In the quarter, we saw organic growth across all five segments. Going to the earnings bridges now on Slide 7. On the top of the chart, adjusted EBIT was up $173 million and margin improved 400 basis points, as improved volumes, continued productivity initiatives and strategic pricing offset input cost inflation. Adjusted segment EBITDA was up 350 basis points. Going to the bottom of the chart. Adjusted net earnings improved by $135 million as higher segment EBIT more than offset higher taxes, as well as higher corporate expenses primarily relating to compensation accruals and deal expenses. The effective tax rate excluding discrete tax benefits was approximately 21.7% for the quarter compared to 21.6% in the prior year. Discrete tax benefits were $11 million in the quarter or $9 million higher than 2020 for approximately $0.07 of a year-over-year EPS impact. Rightsizing and other costs were $11 million in the quarter or $8 million after-tax. Now, on Slide 8. We are pleased with the cash performance thus far this year, with free cash flow of $364 million, a $96 million increase over last year. Free cash flow conversion stands at 9% of revenue for the first half of the year, 80 basis points higher than the comparable period last year, despite a significant investment in working capital and the impact of prior year tax deferrals that did not repeat this year. Also as we discussed last quarter, we remain focused on delivering against our customers' strong order rates and build inventory to ensure we can meet the current demand in the second half of the year. With that, I'm going to turn it back to Rich.
Brad Cerepak: It really comes down to, Andrew, it comes down to the timing of when those price increases. Rich is saying there is multiple times that price is being put in. So it's not one big bang at January 1, it kind of spreads across the year. So you get that effect.
Brad Cerepak: Right. We got to be a little bit careful with the conversion to the back half as well because price materials does impact conversion. So just keep that in mind is that, that has nothing to do with absolute profits per se as Rich has talked about, but the conversion rate is influenced by that.
Richard Tobin: On the Pumps & Process Solutions side of the portfolio, nothing deteriorates in the second half, it's just pure mix. So what I'm -- what I was trying to make clear is one of the businesses that suffered greatly last year and is beginning to improve now is our Precision Components business that is slightly dilutive to margins, but in terms of absolute profit, it's a positive, so I wouldn't get overly chuffed about that. On the refrigeration side, we expect third quarter margins to be the highest of the year just based on seasonality and the size of our backlog and everything else. Quite frankly, we're a bit disappointed in the margin in Q2, but I don't think that's the fault of management, but we've had a really difficult time with freight costs and components and labor availability. So on one hand, I think the effort on their part to get the product out the door was excellent. The bottom line is we disappointed a bunch of customers in our ability to get the product out because of the supply chain issue. So the trajectory is good and as you can see from the backlogs, this is more of a 2022 story now more than a 2021 story.
Richard Tobin: Well, look, I mean, I'm not going to complain about the size of our backlog, and if you'd run the calc and -- if you'd run the calcs on that we couldn't get it out the door over the balance of the year if we wanted to. So it's up to execution, number one. And with the exception of Belvac and Maag, most of our business is short cycle. So we'll see at the end of Q2 [ph]. I mean, look at the end of the day and it's the same discussion we had at the end of Q1. The demand is there, it's up to us to get it out the door. I think that when all is said and done, I think that we probably are going to do better on average because of our -- because I think that we're advantaged from a supply chain point of view versus some of our competitors, and that's what's going to be winning in the marketplace. It's not so much a pricing dynamic right now, it's whether you can get the product out the door. So we -- I think that right now I don't in my tenure here, we've never had backlogs like this and it's a good problem to have.
Richard Tobin: Sure. I think that we discussed it a little bit at the end of Q1. Clearly, based on our backlogs of exit in Q1 and then Q2 because of the demand function was going to be higher than kind of what a normal seasonality would be just because of where the demand was. So it's just purely a function of where you could get it out the door or not at the end of the day. So that's the good news. So I don't think you can look at Q2 and just say, well, I'm going to go back and look at history and then Q3 is this much higher than Q2 and then that it's going to spit out a number as you said, that's just not realistic quite frankly. So as point number one, so I'd be careful about calculating seasonality based on history just because of the strength of the first half just because of the recovery coming out of the pandemic. In terms of the backlog, yes, we'd have to break it down because we've got some long cycle backlog, I mean we mentioned Belvac, which is booking into 2023 now is a piece of that, that we'll just convert over time. We don't believe that there's double ordering going on right now. From what we can tell, it looks like it's just a recognition by the customer base of the constraints that are out in the system that in previous periods you just didn't have to put the orders in, you want to get in line. So that is what is expanding the backlog. I mean, I think you asked the question at the end of Q1 about this whole issue of channel stocking, destocking, and we took a close look, I mean, we grew our industrial pumps business by 20% in the quarter. So we took a or over that actually, but so we took a close look at channel checks and we don't see that inventory building up at our distributors, it's just passing right through. So that's good news at the end of the day, because it means it's fundamental demand. So I think it's two issues. We've got some long cycle businesses that are booking out well further than historically they used to and then I think on our short cycle businesses, I think there is a recognition of the constraints in the supply chain that's just making everybody get in line further out than they normally would have.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, I think the working capital build has been to our advantage and we'll see after everybody reports in terms of top-line, I mean, having the product available or having the components available that convert has been an advantage to us. I don't see anything fundamentally deteriorating in our working capital. We will see in the second half. I would expect to see some -- to see liquidation in Q4. And if we don't on the industrial working capital side, that means that the demand outlook for '22 is robust and what we may carry it again, but I don't think that just means higher earnings and the out -- and the outside period. So right now sitting here, we would expect free cash flow to be up, no real deterioration in terms of the metrics of working capital. We'll leave it at that to see how order rates progress over the balance of the year.
Richard Tobin: Yes, without getting into the specifics, I think that we lost out on one deal that we chased pretty hard due to valuation, some of the other ones that you've seen transact, we're well aware of those assets and we're not participating in them. Bottom line is, it's a good news, bad news story. I mean, the bad news is, is valuations are what they are and I'll leave it at that. The good news is because valuations are what they are, then there is a lot building up that wants to come to market, because I think this is a recognition of, these are the salad days for multiples of not even earnings anymore, but of whatever you want to choose to be the multiple. So we're looking at a lot of stuff right now and we're going to remain disciplined. I mean, I think the things that we've got there are small, but we think that the network effect on the leverage of those small products is, our expectation, the returns are going to be very high in the deals that we did and we'll see in the second half.
Richard Tobin: It depends, I think because demand is high and capacity is tight. You can manage profitability by customer probably a little bit more efficiently than in the past, but I think in certain of our businesses and I'll go back to what I talked about at Engineered Products, when you get to the third price increase, do you actually go for the fourth price increase because the fact of the matter is, you run the risk of demand destruction in the short-term, and that's not good. So part of my comment about Engineered Products, especially around ESG and VSG is at a certain point if we go negative in terms of price cost, but the volume remains robust and the installed base goes up, that's a better trade because we believe that some of these supply chain constraints and raw materials will roll off hopefully sooner than later. And you know what, do you really go back to your core customers and say sorry, but here comes another price increase. So I think that we're managing differently across the portfolio, but we don't want to force short-term demand destruction by trying to just be draconian.
Richard Tobin: I don't know how to answer that. I -- look well, I'll put it in this way, Andrew, where we realistically looking at right now is about two-thirds of our dry powder. Now do we execute on that or not, I'm not sure, but I just in terms of the amount of targets and a realistic view of what the value of those targets are is about two-thirds of our dry powder. So it's quite a bit at the end of the day. But it's a realistic view and there are some deals that we just can't get there. I mean, this notion that return on invested capital made a quantum leap from three years to five years over the last 12 months, I find an interesting dynamic. And I'm not here to criticize anybody's deals, everybody has got their own strategy to a certain extent. So my -- like I said before to Jeff's question, the bad news is valuation, the good news is there's a lot of assets that see valuations of transactions in the marketplace. So the amount of opportunities that are out there and ones that are rumored to come is actually proactive to capital deployment.
Richard Tobin: The price to raw materials improves in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. The outlier is logistics costs and line stoppages, which is really the negative headwind, but priced cost on a raw material side, it's actually better in the second half than the first half.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, there's really two dynamics. I think that our lead times are disappointing to our customers, because you go for years where you can convert orders within with intra-month in some of our businesses where that's just not possible. And that -- and that's where you get this function of now everybody seen it for six months and so it's got a knock-on effect of backlogs because there is a recognition of this is -- this -- this is more durable than maybe everybody thought. So the positive is it builds your backlogs at the end of the day, the negative is our lead times have stretched out. Now, you couple that with in certain of our businesses where we've had some pretty difficult logistics constraints and in some cases labor availability and then you've got disappointment of we say we're going to deliver the product on X date and we miss it and that's happened. So we can quant -- we quantify it more in dollars and cents. I'd have to go look up in terms of on-time delivery. I think across the board, it's probably okay, but there is, as I mentioned before, a business like VSG that's got probably our longest extended supply chain is suffering the most as opposed to Printing and ID that just doesn't have to deal with the reality of that.
Richard Tobin: No, I think that -- I think that's a fair comment. I guess that's all I can say about that, but you're right, right, valuations inbound and outbound are what they are and you can manage that both ways.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I think that if you overlay the, my comments on to the slide, they're going to match, right. I think that we're just giving you an honest assessment based on the prevailing market conditions of where we have headwinds operationally, price cost and then some commentary on mix, which is a commentary H1 to H2. So as I mentioned in my comments, I don't think we have to be overly dramatic about it. We've managed it quite well in -- in the first half and I don't expect us to manage it differently in the second half, but we have to recognize that there are certain decisions that we're making, like if you look at DEP in terms of price cost which whether from an absolute profit point of view may be in good shape with slightly dilutive margins because we're just making a choice to chase the -- to chase the volume, which I think is appropriate in that case.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, I think that '20 we can just throw out, right. I mean, at the end of the day everybody reacted to the change in market conditions appropriately. So, like as a percent of revenue and we'll see where we end up and I don't want to do the calculations here, but as a percent of revenue, '19 to '21 is probably flattish and I would expect that to be the same going into '22. I mean, we -- one of these days we're going to do a presentation on our returns for organic investment and they absolutely blow away anything that we do inorganically. So to the extent that we find the projects going into '22, we'll spend it internally, but right now sitting here today, do I expect as a percent of our revenue to go up dramatically in '22, no.
Richard Tobin: Well, you know, I think that there is an interesting argument and I would agree with it that to the extent that labor inflation is durable and that supply chains, the issues that we're having supply chains will improve, but not dramatically. There is an argument to be made that the returns on automation are going to be better than they've been over the last five years to six years, and I would agree with that.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I think that we're just trying to be transparent, Joe, right. It's very -- we could have put up the second quarter results and said everything is great and see at next quarter and then gotten away with it, but I think that we have to recognize that there are some issues that need to be overcome. To us, I don't think that we should get overly excited about it. It's just the facts are the facts we've dealt with them in H1, if anything, it becomes more of a mix issue in Q2 and that's not problematic. So as I mentioned before, DRFE is going to have its best quarter of the year from a revenue and an operating margin point of view. So that's great in terms of absolute profit, but it is dilutive to overall Group margins. So am I going to tell them to slow down to protect the margin, no at the end of the day. And that's the case -- and there's a couple of other, a couple of our businesses. I mean, if Precision Components on the back half revenue increases, but it's slightly dilutive to a, let's call it a very robust margin that we're clocking at Pumps and Process Solutions, again, I don't think it's overly problematic, but we're just trying to guide everybody of a look at the margin in Q2, but from a seasonality point of view, if I go back and look in history, Q3 is X percent higher than Q2. So let me just model that and run down the field. I think that would -- would give you a number that we would like to get to, but I'm not entirely sure just because of the pull-forward in terms of the demand and the operating leverage that we're getting in Q2.
Richard Tobin: Well, I think Brad addressed it in an earlier question. Everybody -- we don't do our pricing on January 1st, right. It's done differently. There's signaling effect to manage backlogs. So you basically in certain businesses will say, we're going to do a price increase at the end of Q1, meaning so you lose that clocking period in Q1. So it actually ramps over the balance of the year on the comp. So again it is just a reflection of the timing of those price increases and the age kind of the H1, H2 effect of that.
Richard Tobin: We see -- I think I've tried to answer this about 15 different ways. I think that, that backlogs are building which is a reflection of constraints in the system. So I think when we get to next year, it's going to be an interesting dynamic because as those constraints come down, then lead times are going to come down, which is going to be negative to backlogs to a certain extent. But that I think that Steve asked the question or maybe wrote it earlier today, I think we're going to get -- we got to be careful with absolute backlogs and doing math on it and trying to extrapolate revenues into the future. I mean, the bottom line is that backlogs build and shrink based on lead times and market conditions and everything else. So could I envision a scenario where backlogs come down, yes. Do I think that's overly problematic, no, because to a certain extent, that means the headwinds that we have on supply chain logistics are getting better, which is better for margins at the end of the day.
Richard Tobin: Yes, well, look, I mean I think that we are executing really, really well in Pumps & Process Solutions. I mean we made a presentation on that on what we thought was coming at the end of '20. And look and as I mentioned at the end of Q1, we think that we are in at minimum a three-year cycle of the demand function on DRFE which is positive. And it's not just -- it's across the board, it's not just door cases, it's systems business, it's SWEP on the heat exchangers and it's Belvac, all of which we believe are in a multi-year cycle.
Richard Tobin: Hope boy, well, we've got a pretty wide portfolio, I'll make some general comments about the components. They're all tied. They are more problematic if they're large and imported, because if you take a look at what's going on when the logistics supply chain in the Port of Los Angeles and all that, it is a bloody mess right now, which only impacts a small portion of our portfolio, because as I mentioned in my comments at the end of the day, we think that we are winning in the marketplace because we don't have a lot of instances of that. If you've got very long supply chains and it's containerized freight coming out of Asia back to North America to fulfill demand, you are suffering quite frankly. On the labor side, it's purely in our operations that I have a higher propensity of assembly labor, and for all the reasons that we can understand that's been difficult. I think it's not getting worse as we move through the second quarter, which is a good news. So, hopefully in September, when some of these government influence in terms of the labor market begins to roll off that it will get better and everybody is going to go back to school in September. So our view right now is it's probably going to remain difficult through August, and I think that we're hopeful in September that the situation is fine.
Richard Tobin: I mean, if the demand holds up then we'll continue to kind of given that latitude because the absolute profit versus the carrying cost of the working capital, the math works, I guess the best way I can say it. I would expect if we get improvement in the logistics supply chain that it will come down naturally, because that's what's really driving it at the end of the day. We're basically given the green light to everybody of, you've got the backlog, don't be reticent of trying to get the sub components in because we want to convert.
