Richard Tobin: We would have not given out full year EPS guidance without seeing June. That is how I think that we have mentioned that when we ended Q1 that June was very important in terms of what we thought the trajectory was. And so, I mean, I think that we went through the bookings change of June and made a variety of different comments about the business about the moving parts of who is improving and who is not. I mean, I don’t want to go through all the companies again. We have got a few, like digital printing, like food service that have not improved and we don’t expect them to improve. So at the end of the day that’s not built into our guidance. But we called out a few of the shorter cycle businesses like aftermarket automotive for example, which has picked up significantly at the end of the quarter. So June was good. I think that we are pleased. It was material to the quarter earnings June. The profit the absolute profit in June was double what we made in April, just to put it in contextually. So I think if you go back and you look based on the I think whatever slide it is in here, the Slide 9, that gives you the color all the color I can give you in terms of the trajectory of the portfolio and the moving parts.
Richard Tobin: Sure. Let’s start with Refrigeration. We are booked into Q4. So it’s up to us now to produce the product without have any frictional costs and based on the margin that the business delivered in June, if we can get that for the full quarter, I think, which is our expectation, I think we will be pleased. In addition to that, part of the large backlog that we have in this segment is geared toward Belvac. So we are on the front foot in terms of capacity expansion in aluminum can making and we are participating in that and we have got some relatively large projects that will begin building at higher rates in the second half. And in all honestly, I mean, if we put foodservice equipment aside for a moment, we don’t have the hardest comp in the second half. It’s not as if we exited 2019 firing on all cylinders. So we will – that’s why we will do better H2-to-H2 on a comparable basis, but it’s largely as a result of heat exchangers continuing to improve modestly over the second half, Belvac shipments and material improvement in Refrigeration cases.
Richard Tobin: Look, all of the relative decline or substantially all of the relative decline in the quarter is because of this double wall tank issue, which we had guided at the beginning of the year. I think that if we remove that, we were – I believe we were flat to slightly up on the balance of the businesses. So that’s going to be a headwind for us in the second half. Scott, I have not done the calculations of what that means quarter-by-quarter, but we always had that $50 million headwinds that we were going to have to deal with. It’s a bit slow on top of that in Fueling Solutions, just because the national oil companies in China are not spending any money right now. But if I – if we eliminate Fueling Solutions, the balance of our business which is mostly Printing & ID, have improved materially in Q2 and you expect that to continue for the balance of the year, and that’s volume related, right. So as China has restarted and business activity started, you can think about marking and coding into the consumption of consumables and things like that.
Richard Tobin: Over, I would say the last where are we now in July, over the last 8 to 10 months, we have had approximately $80 million of spending that were attributed to two projects. One was the automation project for Refrigeration cases and one was the brand new building that we built for Colder Products up in Minnesota. So those – I don’t – we don’t have anything in the pipeline of that quantum. So I would expect CapEx to slightly rise in 2021, but not materially as if we deferred CapEx in 2020, and we have got catch-up in 2021. Now having said that, what, if we have got the demand, and we get some projects in that we don’t have in the pipe, we are more than happy to invest organically in this business based on the returns we get.
Richard Tobin: Yes. The $50 million was done and dusted and it was on average $13 million a quarter. That’s what we got in this quarter and that’s what we can expect rolling through the other two. The charge that we took for restructuring in Q2 was new. It was a project that we are working on. We just pulled it forward. So it will have an impact in the second half of the year, but that is baked into our EPS guidance.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I know where you are going. But let’s – give us another quarter, because we have got some other actions in the pipeline. And when we get to the end of Q3, we can kind of give you some color of where we are tracking on the $50 million for 2021, but it’s a bit premature right now.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I think this is what we said at the end of Q1. While we are not just going to sit here and wait for the clouds to part, right? We are being on – we are taking some action on the front foot. These are projects that we had in the pipeline, and because the level of business activity that we had, we just said, why don’t we do it now. So that action was taken. So they are incremental to the 2020 $50 million. They will accrue some benefit in the second half of 2020, and then we will redo all of what we think that we have got in the pipe for 2021 likely at the end of Q3.
Richard Tobin: Well, look at the end of the day, the temporary cost savings as a result of managing bonus accruals, we would expect and hopefully to build those back next year. So those come back. On the variable cost, mostly in SG&A, I think the jury is still out. I think that clearly we like everybody else have recognized that. What we need to conduct business may be different in 2021 when we looked back historically. So we get ready to do our plans on the operating company level for 2021, the conversations we are having are operating company president is, this is a notion of okay, well, I can go put my ‘19 SG&A back as long as the revenue supports it, but I think it’s a bit premature to kind of monetize that now. But clearly, we are thinking about it and I don’t expect that we will just snap back from an SG&A point of view, back to ‘19 levels.
Richard Tobin: Look at the end of the day, we had a $35 million to $40 million fixed cost absorption headwind that we offset with temporary cost – with cost actions, right? That allowed us to have more or less flat gross margins quarter-to-quarter. Then we offset 30% of the lost revenue with SG&A cuts. Look at it that way.
Richard Tobin: We are going to get to a revenue number by hook or crook here. This is the interesting way to go about it. Look, I think that that we have got line of sight on the percentage of revenue and on the conversion of net income. I expect – we have exited Q2 with arguably inventory that supports the short, what we can see it for Q3. So I would expect barring a real snap back in demand, outside of what we have got baked into our numbers that will be liquidating inventory between now and the end of the year.
Richard Tobin: You have got your finger on it. I mean, I think that we clearly we have a tough comp in Q4 in DFS. So that will be levered to Q3. The swing factor is going to be where we are on the long cycle side, which is driven by Belvac and Maag, and then to a certain extent, some other companies in there. I hope that we are bringing a lot of that into Q3. And if that’s the case then you would have a sequentially better Q3 and we are talking comp-to-comp here.
Richard Tobin: Than Q4. So what’s known is barring a – and look I hope it happens, but barring a real uptick in demand on EMV in Q4. Right now, our expectation would be that we are down in DFS Q-to-Q. But I think right now based on June we are probably trending a little bit on a comp basis better Q3 and not – and less so in Q4 right now.
Richard Tobin: Well, look, I mean, as I mentioned earlier, June was materially better than April, but April I hope that we don’t see again anytime soon. I mean April and May in certain of our businesses, which is a function, a lot of this issue about the declining backlog, I mean we were not shipping anything and we were not getting any orders either. So when we were looking at this decision about reinstituting guidance for the full year, I think that we have got a good playbook in control in terms of the operating cost side, but it was almost entirely contingent upon how June was, how June manifested itself, and June came in both on a bounce back in the order rates and in terms of absolute profit that portends well for Q3. So Brad’s got the joke, if we can just keep having June’s from here on out, we would probably be in good shape for the balance of the year. So that is about the color I can give you on it.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, I think the hierarchy remains the same of organic investment, inorganic investment and then capital return. I think that the CapEx number that we have given you for the full year is relatively safe now. So it is going to depend on inorganic investment. And if you go back to the comments, I think that the pipeline that we have right now is relatively encouraging and I expect to be deploying inorganic capital in the second half. But having said that, if we are unable to get the returns inorganically that we seek then, we will address capital return and not sit on a cash balance here.
Richard Tobin: You know what, I don’t know the answer to that question, because we were – everything that we look at around here is a function of relative declines. So, which is a – this tells you a lot about 2020 in the COVID era. But I mean, I think that the rate of revenue decline in June was significantly less than we saw in April and May, but – if I – of the top my head, Jeff, I guess the guys are furiously going through pages here, relative to seasonality I don’t know. I think that Andrey is going to have to follow-up with you on that one.
Richard Tobin: Other than bonus accruals, there is really no overhang of deferral of costs that have to snap back. I think the big question, I think there was a question earlier about it and I think this supplies, not just to Dover to everybody is, everybody has reduced travel cost right. Does it come back to ‘19 levels as a percent of revenue or not, I mean, the expectation there is absolutely not. I think that we have proven that we can run this business with less discretionary spending, than we may have thought is necessary exiting ‘19. So, what the quantum of that is, is I think it’s a little bit too early to tell, but we will be reflected in whenever we give our guidance for ‘21 for sure. The rest of it – you look at the end of the day, I think that we did a admirable job in managing furloughs and a variety of things. So I don’t expect that we are going to run significant industrial friction with over time or anything else in the second half. That’s my expectation. It won’t be perfect, but I don’t see that our incremental margins should have any kind of negative drag once we get to – hopefully soon, back to growth.
Richard Tobin: Sure. Actionable it’s going to be similar size to what you have seen. There is some bigger opportunities that are out there, the bigger the opportunity, the more competition. So returns get tighter. So we will see on that front. But I am pretty confident on kind of the size that we have seen year-to-date. It’s just a question of, can we close them in the second half.
Richard Tobin: They should – well, I mean, let’s start from the beginning here. In marking and coding, our margin which is substantially the bigger portion of that segment, our margins were flat. So, all of the decremental margin in that segment was from textile printing. And if we go back and take a look at sequentially last year, textile printing weakened in the second half. So, decrementals as long as marking and coding can hold their margin performance which we fully expect them to do should be less in the second half, just because of an easier comp.
Richard Tobin: I think that the business management of that particular business has been on the front foot. The non-municipal business, if you go look at some of bigger publicly traded operators, they have cut CapEx because of the profitability headwinds that they have had on their non-residential business. We would consider that likely, just to be deferred into 2021 as they manage their own cost structure. On the municipal side, we don’t see a lot of negative headwinds today, but considering the financing of cities and towns because of this COVID crisis, I think it’s a better than even bet that there is some headwinds coming there and because of that I think the management is taking action on its cost structure to accommodate that today rather than waiting for the last minute.
Richard Tobin: We don’t – look, we are working on a variety of actions. I think we have got several footprint related actions in the pipeline, whether we will be able to action them in the second half or not, I am not entirely sure, but it’s probably then a better than even bet that we will take some footprint related charges in the second half. But I will give you the quantum when we get it all done.
Richard Tobin: Look, I don’t think in terms of what we expect to relative to Q2 those nice arrows that Andrey put on the Slide on Page 9 is kind of where we things – where we think the moving parts are relative to Q2. And then you have got moving parts, because quite frankly, you have had some businesses that are operated through the crisis relatively well. So, we knew the Pumps & Process Solutions, because of it’s exposure on the biopharma side, was in a good position to kind of weather the storm as we got to the end of Q1 and it’s proven that so far. We expected to act – to hold profits flat for the full year is our expectation despite the headwind on the industrial pumps side. The marking and coding, quite frankly, has had an excellent performance holding margins year-to-date. Look the textile printing business, it’s just what it is, when you have your end market just absolutely blown up, we are just going to have to wait this out and that really will be hopefully a ‘21 story rather than a ‘20 story. So I don’t think that we think anything different today than we did at the end of Q1 in terms of the relative resilience of the individual pieces in the portfolio.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Look, I mean, I think you need to correct for dividend payments into the future, number one. And then after that, look, I think that we are not going to sit on a bunch of cash with negative yield on it for sure. But the buffer will flex up and down based on the probability of inorganic investment at the end of the day, right. That’s going to be there. So if we are returning cash in Q4, it’s because the pipeline that we see right now we don’t have any short-term requirement to sit on the cash. If we happen to sit on at the end of the year, I think that you can almost can through that as a positive signal, because it means we may be building cash because probability weighting of the pipeline looks good.
Richard Tobin: So I would expect barring a snap back in revenue expectations for Q4 that we should come down in inventory, in finished goods inventory and industrial inventory in Q3, some.
Richard Tobin: It was not a material headwind in Q2. Now, having said that, we were not making a lot in Q2, so the areas that we did have constraints, it wasn’t like we were under the gun in terms of production performance. But for the most part our supply chains are relatively short considering the individual size of our businesses. So, we had a few headwinds here and there, but it was not material from a cost point of view in Q2.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Well I guess it’s going to depend on the trajectory of all of the businesses, because, look at the end of the day, we have done relatively well on input costs. So, as demand went down, we will be able to extract some benefits in raw material prices and the like remains to be seen. I think we are probably bought forward through Q3 and probably a little bit into Q4, but we have got to watch the dynamics. If business activity snaps back, then we can expect oil prices to go up, so transportation cost to go up and the like. So we will keep an eye and right now, but right now on an input cost basis, we have been a beneficiary, I think in terms of input cost year-to-date.
Richard Tobin: Andrew, that’s a good question. I will have to get Andrey to get back to you. I think on consumer goods we have seen decent performance which manifests itself in the marking and coding business. I think in heat exchangers, we exited on a positive trajectory from where we were at the beginning of the quarter. So, that’s kind of industrial applications, for lack of a better word. But I would have to get back to you on the – and look and then we had certain businesses in the portfolio like automotive aftermarket that in April and May were absolutely very low levels of activity. So, June relative to those two months as improved, but I don’t think we need to get overly excited because that base is relatively low.
Richard Tobin: We had a lot of the businesses that we are absolutely shut in April and May from end market point of view. So you have a reopening aspect to it, and that’s why we were – when we were talking about the results of the end of Q1, we were basically saying look a lot of this hinges on whether we are right about June or not in terms of the trajectory and we ended up I guess, calling it right, for lack of better word, but our portfolio Josh, is so diverse, if any answer to that question is just not going to be applicable across the entire portfolio. So – which, quite frankly is a strength to a certain extent.
Richard Tobin: I think, normal for lack of a better in the longer cycle business where it tends to be lumpy. The Maags of the world and the Belvacs of the world, they are actually building a back – a long cycle backlog into 2021 today. On the short cycle side, that is going to be more short cycle. So it depends on the trajectory between now and the end of the year, quite frankly. So we would expect certain businesses that have a seasonality to them like Refrigeration that will deplete a bunch of the backlog between now and the end of September, because generally speaking retailers don’t do a lot of installs in Q4 around Christmas time. But now, we will see if that’s changed – the dynamics change this year. So on the longer cycle businesses, I think right now the trajectory is good is as we deplete, we are building into 2021. On the short cycle ones, I guess it depends on when we get to the end of Q3 and what the outlook for revenue is into Q4, but I don’t see any anomalies in there.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean based on books that are being circulated and whispered numbers about expectation, it looks like its better than it was clearly in the second half of ‘19, but you still have this notion that the public equity markets are trading quite well. And then so we look at a lot of private companies, because the market segment that we are in and then there is this, well I want because of trading multiples that I see in the equity – in the public equity markets, but that’s – that never goes away, but it’s improved some. It’s not improved greatly, but it’s improved some.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, if you look historically, we generate a significant proportion of our full year cash flow in Q4, which we would expect but with the caveat of – we expect to draw down inventories quite a bit this year in the second half just because of the lower revenue number. Hopefully, if demand improves in Q4, we may have to reverse that, but my expectation is, is that the seasonality will remain constant, but we are probably not proportionately the way it’s been in the past when we have been growing the top line, where it’s been highly levered to Q4, it’s probably a little bit more evenly balanced this year.
