Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Misty. Good morning, and welcome to Dover's second quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's second quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our outlook for the remainder of 2011. We will then open up the call to questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up.  Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement, Form 10-Q and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through August 5, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for 3 months. The replay telephone number is (855) 859-2056. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following reservation code: 82478358.  And before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided of their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn this call over to Bob.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. At this point, I'd like to turn it back to Misty. Misty, if you could please compile the questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Misty. This concludes our conference call. Thank you for joining us this morning, and we look forward to speaking to you with results from our third quarter. Thanks, and have a good weekend. Bye.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. I am very pleased with our second quarter performance. Following a strong first quarter, we again saw growth in both revenue and earnings and a strong book-to-bill of 1.03. The strength in our orders was broad-based and was largely driven by continuing strength in the Energy and Fluid Solutions markets, mobile handsets and global industrial production. These strong trends are continuing into the second half of the year, along with moderating trends and grocery retail remodeling and solar equipment.  All segments achieved double-digit revenue and earnings growth in the quarter. Segment margin hit 17.4%, an all-time high for Dover. Orders were up 15% and revenue increased 21%. This solid performance enabled Dover to post adjusted earnings per share of $1.19. I continue to feel positive about our businesses, and as a result, we are increasing full year revenue growth and earnings guidance. We also continue to invest for growth. In addition to our Sound Solutions acquisition, which I'll discuss later, we're investing in international growth initiatives, product innovation and additional capacity, where appropriate. These investments are clearly paying off.  In the second quarter, revenue from China and Latin America increased 43% and 61%, respectively. We continue to make inroads into emerging economies, and I expect our penetration to increase over time, further supported by our newly expanded regional headquarter capabilities in Brazil and India.  I mentioned capacity investments. These additions are in process at many of our operations in China, including a new shared manufacturing facility in Suzhou and expansion of our electronics campus in Shenzhen. In addition, we have recently added MEMS production to our Knowles facility in Malaysia. Domestically, we have put more capacity into U.S. synthetics, and we are expanding the Knowles R&D facility. These projects all have significant strategic value and will help drive future growth. While we were focused on growth, we continue to look for opportunities to take out cost and streamline our businesses. In fact, we worked on several selective minor restructurings and integrations in the second quarter. In early July, we announced the completion of our Sound Solutions acquisition. This is a key addition for Dover and enables us to serve the fast-growing handset market even better. We now become a more significant supplier to our customers as we leverage technology and scale. Our postmerger integration team is already fully engaged, and I have the highest confidence they will create substantial value for their customers and for Dover. Our pipeline has matured and developed nicely, and I believe we will complete additional deals before the end of the year. Our focus continues to be on our 5 growth spaces and opportunities that provide synergies with existing businesses.  In summary, let me say I am very pleased with our performance in the first half of the year. We serve several end markets where growth continues to flourish, especially in the markets served by Energy and Fluid Solutions, handset markets and in developing economies. We will continue to deliver strong financial performance, while keeping a close eye on cost and market developments.  With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Robert Livingston: Thank you, Brad. We had a very strong first half, and I fully expect this to continue to post outstanding results. We entered the second half of the year facing a few uncertainties in the macro environment. That said, Dover will continue to achieve meaningful growth, with second half revenue up 17%, including 9% organic. Product innovation and geographic expansion activities, our increasing penetration in the energy and handset markets and our mid and late cycle businesses, especially Fluid Solutions, will give us many opportunities for growth. I am confident Dover will continue to win in its markets.  In closing, I'd like to acknowledge the fine award received by our U.S. Synthetic's team. They recently won The Shingo award, a very prestigious recognition of operational excellence. U.S. Synthetic's achievement is a significant tribute to their employees, and it also reflects the Dover-wide emphasis on lean practices and operational excellence.  As always, I want to thank our employees, customers and suppliers around the world. Our strong results are a testament to their tireless efforts and support.  Now Paul, let's take some questions.
Robert Livingston: I would say that the bulk of the product launch costs are behind us, and I would say most of the onetime costs associated with that, actually, early in the quarter, Shannon. In fact, April was enough of a hit on some of these onetime costs that it did sort of distort the activity and results for the entire second quarter. I think in Brad's comments, we made the comment that their margins in the second quarter were down about 150 basis points, and all of that activity was actually in the month of April. Our activity in May and June returned to a more normal and expected rate. I think if you look forward into the second half, we show continuing growth on Product ID. I think our internal forecast that we're executing to has organic growth in the second half of 11%. 4 points of that is FX, so about 7% core.
Robert Livingston: I think we actually started shipping in late first quarter. I don't have an exact date. But I know it was in the first quarter.
Robert Livingston: The growth at Knowles was in the MEMS business. Capacity expansion, gosh, I don't have the exact number sitting here with me on the call, but I think our target as we exit 2011 is to have production capability of approaching 90 million units a month. And that is supported by some CapEx and capacity expansion that we have been funding here in the first half of the year.
Robert Livingston: No, you're spot on, John. We do use magnets in the products at Sound Solutions. The increase over the last 12 to 15 months has been rather significant. We don't see that increase impacting our third quarter results. Primarily, I'll confess, going into the third quarter, we had actually bought -- Sound Solutions had actually bought forward enough that it pretty much covered their third quarter requirement. We do have a bit of that exposure going into the fourth quarter. But John, our attitude right now is we think we have a clear path to cover those increases with price increases.
Robert Livingston: No, I would say the bulk of the price increases that we may be looking at in the fourth quarter are going to be a direct result of the magnet increase.
Robert Livingston: Well, I think in my comments, I did say that the acquisitions that we have in our pipeline, the bulk of them are in the 5 growth spaces that we've been focused on for the last 2 or 2.5 years. Do not expect a large acquisition to be announced in the second half of this year, along the lines of the Sound Solutions or Harbison-Fischer. I think the deals in our pipeline are in the more typical range that you saw us execute on in '09 and '10. And without -- I don't have an average and I can't sit here and predict what exactly will close between now and year-end. But you should expect, even though prices in the market have moved up a bit over the past several months, we have some very interesting synergistic opportunities. They will be accretive.
Robert Livingston: Let me make a first cut at that, Steve, and then Brad can add some detail. I want to step back and give you a little bit of color here on what we're seeing at Sound Solutions. And I'm sure this has been widely published and discussed in some of the business journals. But as this business entered the third quarter, we clearly are dealing with customer transition issues. They're centered around Nokia. If you look back at 2010, Nokia probably represented about 65% of Sound Solutions business. As Nokia has suffered over the last couple of quarters with market share loss and as we have pretty quickly transitioned to bringing new customers on as we entered the third quarter going into the fourth quarter, our expectation for 2012, now this is a transition over a 2-year period, but our expectation for 2012 is that our business with Nokia actually may only represent about 35% to 40% of our total. The bulk of this transition to new customers is actually taking place here in the second half of this year. So if you get beyond some of the ramp-up cost and customer conversion cost that we're going to eat mostly here in the third quarter, a little bit of it flowing into the fourth quarter, and you look at 2012 as a steady run rate, the EBITDA target that we shared with you folks about 6 or 8 months ago on the initial call, high 20s, we fully expect to have Sound Solutions at that high 20 EBITDA rate in the second half of next year. How early in the first half is going to depend upon some of the customer transitions that we make over the next couple of quarters. With respect to Knowles, I don't think you should model continuing margin expansion at Knowles. You may see a little bit of noise and perturbation from quarter-to-quarter but that's going to depend upon product mix and customer mix, but this business operates at quite high operating margins today. And I would tell you that our focus here for the next couple of years is not to expand the margins but to expand the market.
Robert Livingston: Well, again, it actually does depend upon what's going on in the markets a little bit. I think as -- longer term it is probably a good way to look at it. On a shorter term, you're going to get some noise. The...
Robert Livingston: The market area that may see the short -- the strongest growth in the second half of this year, organically, may actually be telecom infrastructure.
Robert Livingston: Steve, I will tell you that when you look at our production schedule for the balance of this year, we're not building inventory.
Robert Livingston: Well, let me try to answer that. I guess the call-out on Engineered, and SWEP in particular, is we've been watching them very carefully with respect to copper and the other commodity cost that are in their products. And we came out of the first quarter with expectations that it would level off and would only impact us about $0.10 for the whole year. That still remains unchanged. And the good news is SWEP has made a lot of progress in being able to pass that cost through. So actually, quarter-to-quarter, we've seen an improvement in that price material spread. The numbers I'm getting is pre-Sound Solutions, and the magnet impact that Bob was talking about is really something that's incremental to my discussion.
Robert Livingston: And as we mentioned, we've seen some slowdown in order rates here in the second quarter. And frankly, we're attributing the bulk of that slowdown to sort of the uncertainty around the continuing -- or what the continuing level of subsidies are going to be in Europe for Solar rollout.
Robert Livingston: Well, there are stages. So the products that were scheduled to roll out in the first quarter have been rolled out. But there are some upgrades, and I would call them feature ads that are scheduled to be -- that are scheduled to hit commercially later this year and going into the early part of next year.
Robert Livingston: Okay. So second quarter comments. Let's see. Sales were up 6%. They had a strong quarter, and I think that shouldn't be a surprise. We were probably signaling that with the strong order rates that Hill PHOENIX had in the first quarter. Interestingly enough, even with the sales increase and in this very competitive market, the team at Hill PHOENIX did an outstanding job on execution and actually increased -- actually improved margins about 60 or 65 basis points. We do see a little bit of a different profile in the second half of the year. I would label the bulk of that change between first half and second half to simply be around project move-ins and move-outs between second and third quarter or vice versa. Jeff, for the full year, and I know I don't usually provide this kind of color on an individual business, but for the full year, when we account for some of, I call it, quiet divestitures that we've made here at Hill PHOENIX over the last several months, actually, I would say in last year, we actually divested a couple of branch activities, revenue at Hill PHOENIX for the year is going to be up about 5% in a down market.
Robert Livingston: A couple of very specific responses, and I guess if you want more color, we'll see where this goes. But no, we're not building inventory. In fact, I actually think our -- you mentioned inventory dollars may have gone up a bit in the second quarter. I actually think our inventory turns in the second quarter sequentially improved slightly, Wendy. And is there any area where we're actually concerned about inventory? Well, as I responded to someone else's question earlier with respect to Knowles and our MEMS, we are shipping everything we can produce right now.
Robert Livingston: Well, it's much more difficult to talk about share at Product ID because we don't have industry data. On Hill PHOENIX, let me give you a response, and it's around the case business, Wendy, not so much the systems business but the case business, because we do see some fairly concrete and hard data on that activity. Last year, 2010, Hill PHOENIX had about 36%, maybe 37% market share here in North America for case units. Through May, that share is up maybe 3 points. That's through May. If you look at the second half, obviously, I don't see a forecast on share. But just knowing what's going on in the market and knowing what our forecast is, I'm not expecting Hill PHOENIX to be losing share in the second half.
Robert Livingston: It's pretty competitive. Has been or -- I wouldn't label that as something that's unique to the first half of 2011. I would say that this market at HP, Hill PHOENIX, plays in has been rather price competitive for the past 18 months. Expectations going forward, I would expect it to continue for a while before we would see anything different in that market. But it has been a rather competitive market for the last 6 quarters.
Robert Livingston: Well, I guess at one point, we were talking 29% to 30%. I think where we are today is more indicative of where we would expect to be in longer term. And what's happening is we're seeing a mix change to our international businesses where our income stream is more moving towards international markets. And obviously, we have a pretty efficient tax structure there.
Robert Livingston: Okay. So let's talk about the 3 equipment companies ex-Solar. First half revenue was up 15% or maybe even 20% over last year, John. Let's see. I haven't done it this way. I'm not sure I can give you guidance here on what we would -- on how the second half would compare, but I do know, just looking at those businesses again, pulling out Solar, we would expect the second half for those 3 companies to be rather flat with the first half. But I don't have last year's data, so I'm not sure what the growth rates are.
Robert Livingston: Yes, I know we have tougher comps, but I just don't know what the comparison would be. But I can tell you that the second half revenue we're looking at would be rather flat with the first half.
Robert Livingston: Okay. So let me explain something to you. We have gone through this the last couple of years. As we go into the second half of the year and we look at these 3 equipment businesses that serve electronic assembly and semicon test [ph], and we've always said, historically, we expect to see a slowdown in the fourth quarter because that's just sort of happens within this market. And John, in '09 and '10, it did not happen. In '09 and '10, we actually continued to ramp up into the fourth quarter. I will tell you that when I say the second half of 2011 is flat with the first half, I am -- we are expecting a more normal profile, third quarter tailing down a bit going into the fourth quarter to reflect some normal seasonality. But we are not -- with the limited visibility we have right now, we're not seeing a fall-off. We are planning for some normal seasonality.
Robert Livingston: We will frame that for you when it happens. As I commented a few weeks ago, we are engaged with Legard [ph]. They're working with us working with us to look at our options and to help us with the evaluation and valuation. Right now I would expect to be able to share something much more definitive with you by year end, but at this point in time, John, I'm going to elect to not share more than I already have.
Brad Cerepak: Shannon, I will note, and I think I commented on this in my opening comments, very pleased to report that in the month of July, and I recognize the month's not over yet, so next week, we will actually produce and ship our first MEMS microphone out of the Malaysia facility.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So you know that we have improved the incrementals from first quarter to second quarter. I would say we went from around 19%, 20% in the first quarter to about 21%, 22% in the second. We're expecting to get back to -- in mid-20s in the third quarter and complete the year at about the mid-20 range, which is consistent with what we've been saying. I would point out, though, the incrementals that I'm talking about right now exclude the impact of Sound Solutions, which, based upon the dilution and the discussion we just had, will have a significant impact in the second half. So our numbers are staying and standing up to say our incrementals will increase in the second half to mid-20s just before Sound Solutions.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So the pretax, let's say at the segment income level, Steve, all in with integration and remaining deal cost to the extent is going to be between $12 million and $13 million of a loss. We expect, let's just say, of that amount, a good part of that, about $16 million of cost are one-off in nature, related around integration deal cost and the amortization of the step-ups of inventory that go through in the first couple of months of the acquisition.
Brad Cerepak: If you want to talk quarter-to-quarter, the way -- we kind of gave you some guidance on that, and I would see the 12-13 split, basically 17, 18 of a loss in the third quarter and 5 profit in the fourth.
Brad Cerepak: 6% to 7%. And we said that they're low double-digit EBIT margin. So I think that's to frame it for you.
