Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning. Following a great first half of the year, we delivered strong growth in both revenue and earnings and a seasonably solid book-to-bill of 0.96 for the third quarter. These results were once again broad-based and led by the continued strong demand in our energy and handset markets. In total, I am very pleased with our third quarter performance. The majority of our businesses continue to see strong market activity, with organic bookings up 11%. As we discussed last quarter, we do anticipate revenue growth to moderate in the fourth quarter, due in part to semicon and solar markets. However, for the full year, I remain quite confident we are on track to deliver 20% revenue growth. All segments achieved significant revenue and earnings growth in the quarter, absent the impact of onetime charges in connection with the acquisition of Sound Solutions. Segment margin was 16.9%. Orders were up 23%, and revenue increased 22%. This strong performance enabled Dover to post adjusted earnings per share of $1.20, a 25% improvement over last year. Although it's too early to provide specific guidance, I fully expect our Energy businesses and Knowles to continue to expand going into 2012. I also like our leading positions and expanding opportunities in Refrigeration equipment, Product ID and Fluid Solutions. We made several important strides in our strategic initiatives in the third quarter. Sound Solutions is off to a great start and is performing at the high end of our expectations. We have been and are still adding significant capacity in China to support strong demand for new customers. As we said last quarter, we expect the pace of shipments to accelerate into the fourth quarter. Last quarter, we reported on our MEMS capacity expansion program in Malaysia. I'm happy to say we shipped over eight million microphones in September in only the second month of operation. This capacity expansion is a key part of Knowles' customer service and growth initiatives for the second half of this year and the first half of next year.  We also continued with our investments in the energy space, part of which was the recently announced acquisition of Oil Lift. Oil Lift expands our presence in the progressive cavity pump market and enables us to increase our product offerings in the attractive artificial lift space. Late in the third quarter, we closed on the sale of Paladin and Crenlo. These divestitures are an important step in our continued efforts to focus on our higher-margin growth spaces. We received roughly $300 million in proceeds, which we intend to redeploy in acquisitions.  Going forward, we will continue to review the portfolio and pursue opportunities that improve our business mix. Our pipeline continues to be very active as we work on a number of potential deals that provide synergies with existing businesses. I am confident we will announce additional acquisitions before year end.  In summary, I was very pleased with our performance in the third quarter. We executed very well in Engineered Systems and saw strong growth in Fluid Management and Industrial Products. Electronic Technologies continued to benefit from its strong position with smartphone and handset OEMs. Aside from normal seasonality, we expect these trends to continue into the fourth quarter. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As you can see, we had a strong quarter as well as an active year so far with acquisitions and divestitures. As we enter the fourth quarter, I am pleased by the strong market activity that most of our businesses are seeing. This activity, supported by our continuing investments in geographic expansion and product innovation, give me great confidence we will deliver a full year revenue growth of 20%. The portfolio of changes we've made this year have resulted in a better group of companies than we've ever had before. We are very well positioned in our five growth spaces and poised for further investment in growth. Accordingly, I expect Dover to perform better than before in both strong and modest markets.  In closing, I'd like to thank our employees, customers and suppliers around the world for all their efforts in making the third quarter a success. Now Paul, let's take some questions.
Robert A. Livingston: Gosh, Jeff, we are not seeing any slowdown, feathering around the edges or whatever phrase you used here in artificial lift specifically. We're not seeing any slowdown in any of our energy markets that we participate in. In fact, I would -- even if you look at our order trends during the quarter, our orders were stronger in September than they were in July for energy. That's not what we're seeing.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, you've picked on one of the major projects that we had here with Sound Solutions as we entered the first quarter of ownership, and that was managing some, I would call, some rapid transition to some new customers. And the Knowles team, the Sound Solutions team has done a very good job of transitioning to new customers. But Jeff, I'll also share with you, going into the quarter, going into that first month of ownership, we had some lower expectations with respect to volume from Nokia just because of what we've all been reading about and experiencing with their loss of market share. Our business with Nokia in the third quarter was a little bit better than expected. And I don't want to take one quarter and extend it for the next eight. But we felt the activity with Nokia in the third quarter was fairly promising.
Robert A. Livingston: Very fast. In fact, I would -- I don't remember how many folks we may have had in this little town out in California by the name of Cupertino six months ago, but I think now we have a sales and service team of about eight people. And we have ramped production capabilities significantly during the quarter in the Beijing factory. We'll get a further boost with some help on these transitions to new customers this quarter as we start to introduce in the Beijing factory some fairly interesting automated lines. And that rollout over the next couple or three quarters of these automated lines in the Beijing factory are very, very key to our yield improvement and our gross margin improvement in this business for next year.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes, I'd be glad to. I don't remember now who asked the question, I think it was on the first quarter call at April. And my response probably expressed some frustration with how we had rolled out our product development and some new product launches and et cetera. You couldn't see my face at the time, but I probably not only expressed some frustration, I probably had a pretty serious frown on my face. And I'm feeling much better about this today. We've had -- we've experienced very nice traction in the marketplace over the last three to four months with the new products. We have followed the product launch, the major product launch in March and April, with several upgrades, mostly around feature sets and expanding the product launches, and has been very well received. I'm pleased with the growth we've had in the past three or four months. Let me see here, Jim. Let's see if I have this data. The organic growth for Markem-Imaje -- I'm speaking specifically on Markem-Imaje, not Product ID. But organic growth for Markem-Imaje in the first half was only 4%. And for us, we actually consider that -- well, it should have been better than that. Second half is going to be about double that. So we're very pleased with the progress we're making.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, as I said in my prepared comments, I'm rather confident we're going to have one or two more acquisitions to announce before year end. But if you want some color on the profile of the pipeline itself, I guess I would tell you to look at the fact pattern on our acquisition activity over the last 2.5 years and look at the size and treat Sound Solutions as an outlier. That was our larger deal. But if you take Sound Solutions out of the fact pattern, then the size of deals we have done have been -- goodness, we've probably done one or two as low as $5 million, though that hasn't been the average. And Harbison-Fischer being sort of the top end of that revised fact pattern, and the deals in our pipeline cover that fact pattern.
Robert A. Livingston: It depends on the business and it depends on the space. My general response would be that for high-quality assets, for high-quality businesses, the prices are staying healthy.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So semicon test in the fourth quarter, we actually have it planned as being flat with the third quarter. And I will tell you, as we enter the early part of planning for 2012, we don't believe there's going to be much of a change in our outlook on this space. For sure, in the first quarter, we're probably being a little bit cautious in saying it's probably not going to mean much of a change in the first half. But don't lose sight of the fact that the largest piece in this group of companies is actually our Electronic Assembly. And John, it's not just been stable '10 to '11. It's actually rather amazing how stable this part of the business has been sequentially through 2011. And we see that fact pattern continuing into 2012 as well. Different dynamics. To tell you -- and we've got a strong recurring part, strong recurring revenue in Electronic Assembly. And what we have noticed over the last couple of years, that the fact patterns of market cycles and market dynamics are a bit different between semicon test and Electronic Assembly, at least for us. Because today, the bulk -- and I'm not going to give you a percentage, but I'm going to tell you it's rather significant, that the bulk of our activity in Electronic Assembly is around the smartphone and handset markets. Now maybe Brad wants to add something else.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay, you asked one follow-up question that have 4 parts to it, John. Let's see. I think we've shared some data on our Energy businesses in the past. At about 70% of our Energy revenue, you can get a pretty high correlation with the rig count. We saw sequential rig count deployment growth in the third quarter of about 6%. We see rig count deployment continuing to grow here in the fourth quarter. And John, what I'll tell you, all of the customers that we're talking to and all the data that we're looking at calls for a further rig count deployment again, growth in it next year. And again, that correlates with about 70% of our business. The 30% that's not highly correlated with rig count has more to do with downstream distribution and power gen. And the growth rates in that part of our business are actually expanding. I would label that as prep, part of the late cycle part of our Energy portfolio. With respect to the international business, it is growing. It's becoming a big part of our business and the profit margins are not less.
Robert A. Livingston: That sounds reasonable. But Terry, I'm going to encourage you to show up at Dover Day here in a few weeks, and we'll give you a little bit more detail on this than I'm giving you today.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, we wouldn't change our outlook or our expectations for the balance of this year for Knowles. It's not any different than what we had here on our outlook and guidance on the July call. We continue to see handset and smartphone growth. We're going to capture our share of that, perhaps a bit more than our fair share. We are adding capacity for next year, Terry. And I fully believe that by the time we get into the first quarter, we'll be looking at adding capacity again that'll be in support of our expectations for growth in the second half of 2012. Sound Solutions, I can't -- I mean, Brad said it, I've said it. I'm just going to repeat myself and I know it sounds like a broken record, but we are very, very pleased with the start we've had here with Sound Solutions. And our expectations for next year, I am leaning towards Brad now because I know we gave you some guidance on the July call. $0.18 to $0.20 for next year. And sitting here today, we don't see a headwind on that.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. But Terry, we're going to share a lot of this detail with you at Dover Day. And we still are early in our planning stage. We need a few more weeks to finish this. I gave you some high-level color, but you're trying to take me in some detail that I quite frankly, I'm not...
Robert A. Livingston: You're asking me what the growth rate was for Electronic Assembly in 2010. And Steve, I don't have that answer. I don't know.
Robert A. Livingston: Telecom infrastructure in the second half is down a little bit versus the first half. But for us, telecom infrastructure tends to go in project waves anyway, so I don't view that as being abnormal. For our CMP business, I think first half is fairly consistent with the second half. And we are seeing some order pressure, especially in the military part of the business. But earnings and margins continue to be quite healthy.
Robert A. Livingston: For Electronic Technologies segment, we'll have some margin pressure in the fourth quarter. But I'm sitting here right now, I'm drawing a blank. I really don't know what the margins forecast is for the fourth quarter for Electronic Technologies.
Robert A. Livingston: I'm going to point out something else for everybody that's here on the call. We have spent probably 2/3 of the time here this morning talking about 3% of our revenue. I just want to put that in perspective.
Robert A. Livingston: This has consumed about 60% of your attention this morning. On the two pieces that we are seeing some challenges with the rate now, semi and solar, my comment would be on semi, it's not any different than what I've been sharing of the last couple of years. This is not an area that I want to continue to grow in. And you will not see us deploy more capital in the semicon area. Solar is something different, Shannon. We're going through a little bit of a gyration and a pause right now. But we happen to believe that solar is going to be a good market for us to play in. And as we move into 2012, actually more of our attention moves on solar to making sure we're prepared even better than we have been this past year to support solar production and consumption in China. The solar part of the business, you'll see us continue to make investments in people and product development.
Robert A. Livingston: We may see a little bit of noise month-to-month, but my answer would be no. I don't think you're going to see much of a noise looking at Knowles on a quarter-to-quarter comparison.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. Actually, with respect to Engineered Products, the big driver, obviously, no surprise, is Hill PHOENIX. And folks, I've got to tell you, Hill PHOENIX has had a remarkable year. In an overall market that's probably down 6% to 8%, they've actually grown top line five percentage points, and have expanded their margins for the year by about 100 basis points. And they're quite well positioned. But you're specifically asking about order rates, and let me give you a number or let me help you with a little bit of color here. If you were to remove the Hill PHOENIX from the Engineered Systems numbers for the third quarter, book-to-bill for both Engineered Products as well as Product ID would have been greater than 1.0. So what we're seeing in the book-to-bill for Engineered Products in the third quarter is the impact of the seasonality that we've been talking about and sharing with you for three years now of just the change between third quarter full production and fourth quarter slowdown seasonality and transition into the new year. But again, absent Hill PHOENIX, the entire segment and both individual platforms, and Engineered Systems would have had a positive book-to-bill.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I would say for Dover, overall, you would probably make the comment that it's sort of steady as we are. And it is still quite amazing that in several of our businesses, we are still investing for capacity expansion. We continue to do that in our Energy businesses and we continue to do that in Knowles and Sound Solutions. There are some spots where we've been taking cost out all year long. It's sort of normal and ordinary activity, and we'll continue to do that. We don't have a specific announcement to share with you. We just sort of do it -- normal and ordinary methods. With the exception of probably three or four of our businesses, I would tell you that the rest of the companies in Dover are sitting here today trying to figure out how they're going to grow next year, not shrink their business.
Terry Darling: That's helpful. And then just to maybe square up the components dynamics that we're aware of there. I mean, your comments this quarter point to about a 12% organic growth rate, I think, stripping out the acquisitions and FX, if I got that commentary from Brad correct.
Terry Darling: Take us through what the all-in thinking on Sound Solutions is now, and then maybe an updated view on what the Knowles picture looks like, given the expansion and capacity there.
Terry Darling: And is that still in the -- from a revenue perspective for Sound Solutions next year, is that still in the $175 million to $200 million range implied in that? Or have you raise that based on...
Terry Darling: Well, I just think you've given a lot of the important pieces. And there's obviously a lot of concern about this business. It just seems to me like an opportunity for you to clear that on up, but appreciate the help.
C. Stephen Tusa: Just a quick follow-up on the tech business. So the consumer electronics piece of that electronic -- first of all, a very helpful detail, I appreciate it. The consumer electronics piece of that portfolio, I guess, you call it the kind of core non-semi, non-solar business.
C. Stephen Tusa: Okay, the Electronic Assembly piece, right. So what did that business grow in 2010? Because I mean, you've got a segment here that grew 75% in 2010. Obviously, solar was picking up as an incremental driver there.
C. Stephen Tusa: But I'm just curious because you said that it's a little more stable, but the segment was up 75%. So there was obviously a business in there that was -- it was actually up, I think, 50% the first half of this year. So I'm just curious, is that all semi? Is that -- how much of a -- I'm just trying to get my hands around the degree of cyclicality here.
C. Stephen Tusa: I think you're parsing out the business in a very helpful way, and you're saying that the assembly businesses are more stable and don't have the same...
C. Stephen Tusa: Okay. So that means that to get to a business in 2010, it's up 75% in total, which is what you've given us in the 10-Ks, there has to be a business in there that is pretty heavily cyclical. And I guess, what you're saying is...
