Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Kristy. Good morning and welcome to Dover's first quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's first quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our outlook for the remainder of 2016. We will then open the call up for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, Form 10-Q, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through May 5th, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 1-800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code, 79357235. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information on Dover can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn this call over to Bob.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. Before we turn it back to Kristy, I just again like to remind you, if you can limit yourself to one question with one follow-up, that would be helpful. We have about 20 people in the question queue. So with that, Kristy, if you can give us our first question.
Paul Goldberg: Yeah Steve, it's Paul. I would just say that the three segments, Engineered Systems, Fluid and Refrigeration and Food Equipment are clearly are going to be improved sequentially second quarter over first quarter. Bob said energy is going to be down 10% sequentially. So the EPS in the second quarter is going to be substantially above, where we are in the first quarter, but we don't give second quarter guidance.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you very much. We just like to thank everybody for their continued interest in Dover. And we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good day. Thank you. Bye.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. As previously communicated, our first quarter was well below our initial expectations, driven by significant further reductions in activity and capital spending within our U.S. oil and gas related end markets. These conditions primarily impacted our energy segment and to a lesser extent fluid. The market served by engineered systems and refrigeration and food equipment remained solid, resulting in an organic growth of 3% in each segment. In total, we delivered first quarter adjusted EPS of $0.52 until further steps to reduce our cost and right-size our businesses. In addition to introducing new products and pursuing share gains, we are increasing the restructuring actions and have stepped up our efforts on productivity, including shared services. Now let me share some comments on the quarter. From a geographic perspective, excluding our energy segment, our U.S. industrial activity remained solid and grew organically low single-digits year-over-year. Both our China and European markets were down sequentially and also down organically from the prior year. In energy, markets further deteriorated as we moved through the quarter. Market activity levels hit new lows on continued declines in the U.S. rig count and reduced capital spending, which in turn drove our first quarter revenue and earnings down significantly. Our teams have remained resolute on actions to drive sales and share gains and in reducing all non-essential cost, while still maintaining their engineering talent and ability to respond to customer opportunities. Engineered systems organic growth was 3%. Within printing and identification, we once again posted solid results in our core marking and coding business. And the industrial platform, organic growth was broad based. Fluids posted strong revenue growth driven by the recent acquisitions of Tokheim, Geller [ph] and Reduction. On an organic basis, our businesses with direct oil and gas exposure and those businesses serving integrated energy customers, especially within retail fueling posted declines. Our Refrigeration and Food Equipment segment grew 3% organically, largely driven by retail refrigeration. Revenue in earnings performance was as expected, benefiting from our customer expansion efforts taken over the last several quarters. Regarding acquisitions, we believe we have line of sight on several deals over the next few quarters and our key growth markets. Now looking forward, within energy as a result of further U.S. market declines, we have reduced our organic revenue forecast, which is now expected to be down 27% to 30% for the full year. On a sequential basis, the first quarter was down 12%. We now expect the second quarter to sequentially decline another 10%. In Engineered Systems, our expectations for organic growth are unchanged, driven by the leading technology and new products offered across the segment. We expect the marking and coding business to grow low to mid-single-digits and our digital textile businesses to have double-digit growth. Within our industrial platform, we expect modest broad based growth. Fluids will grow this year, driven by their recent acquisitions, which should generate roughly 400 million in revenue in 2016. We also expect solid to strong growth from our industrial hygienic and pharma markets. Overall organic revenue is expected to be a few points lower than previously forecasted, as a result of direct oil and gas exposure, lower CapEx spending for integrated energy customers and project timing. Finally, within Refrigeration and Food Equipment, our plans for organic revenue growth and margin improvement remain on track, heading into the seasonally strong second and third quarters. Our leading technology and merchandising solutions are resulting in customer wins at several regional and national food retail chains. In summary, we are lowering our full year EPS guidance to reflect the impact of oil and gas markets. Our full year guidance includes 40 million of restructuring costs, which will deliver significant benefits on an annualized basis. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Brad for further comments.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As we begin the second quarter, markets remain mixed. Businesses with exposure to oil and gas continue to be impacted by historically weak markets. Engineered Systems is benefiting from solid industrial end markets, healthy printing and coding end markets and a continued growth in adoptions of digital printing and global textile activity. Refrigeration and Food Equipment is also quite resilient due in part to their leading retail refrigeration technologies that helps our customers capitalize on the growing trend of selling prepared and fresh food. Within fluids, although it's early, we are very excited about the customer response to our recent acquisitions. Within retail fueling customers are now asking us to provide our full scope of products. We are also seeing revenue synergies at our plastics and polymer customers with the addition of gain [ph] and reduction. We will continue to execute on initiatives to help drive growth and fund investments, namely, launching new products across the entire organization, expanding our business with new customers and new geographies, leveraging or Dover excellence program to continue to drive margin productivity and cash flow. And capitalizing on a scale for the establishment of shared service centers. In all, leveraging these growth opportunities and executing on our internal actions will help to mitigate mixed markets, drive productivity and redirect resources to pursue growth initiatives. We also expect to fully leverage the recovery in our oil and gas markets, when it comes. With that, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for staying focused on our customers. And Paul, let’s take some questions.
Robert Livingston: Activity, if we were at the trough now and activity didn’t get any worst, but also assume that it doesn’t get any better than you could see the first quarter of 2017 having a revenue run rate slightly above first quarter 2016.
Robert Livingston: Again, I would tell you that I gave you a number on energy segment and I would repeat myself what I said last year several times. You will get an individual product lines, you are going to see different stories. We still continue to see price pressure in our rods business that's very similar to what we saw last year, in fact last year I think price down on the rods business last year I think it was 9% or 10%, that's not going to be as bad this year. But we're still going to see price pressure on the rod business this year. And then our diamond insert business, I think for last year, Brad help me here 5%, 4% or 5%, 6% last year and we are expecting another price down in our insert business this year of 3% to 5%.
Robert Livingston: The first question about Tokheim in the U.S., I'm going to differ a story on that until we get together at our Technology Day and what was it Paul, early or mid-June? We're still early days on the integration, the onboarding of this business and I think we'll have a better answer for you in June that I could give you today. But the integration of OPW and especially on the retail components business, the integration of OPW in Tokheim is moving along smoothly and the pull-through of OPW, I call it especially the hanging hardware is progressing as we expected. It's pretty positive.
Robert Livingston: I don't have that detail in front of me, Julian. But to give you a little bit of color, I did use the descriptive phrase solid to strong when I described industrial and hygienic and pharma. I would tell you that in the industrial part of the portfolio mid-single digit pipe of growth and the pharma and the hygienic more so in the pharma, it's - we're seeing double-digit growth in those verticals. And it's been both of those verticals have been areas we've focused on building our product portfolio over the last couple of years. But they are still relatively small. But I can't give you split for the year. I don't have that kind of detail with me.
Robert Livingston: Well, within Engineered Systems, the comments would be slightly different between the printing and ID platform versus the industrial platform. I don't think there has been any changes in the industrial platform. In fact, my comment in the script was that we had good organic growth in our first quarter, in our industrial platform, and you know that I did not call out a single business or two. Like I have done in the past. The growth in the first quarter was very, very broad based in the industrial platform. Within the printing and ID platform, Markem-Imaje, I think organic growth was 3% or a little bit better 3% and 4% fairly solid, right on our expectations, interesting, the strong market was not just the U.S. I would call it the Americas. We had strong growth from Canada through Brazil, but the entire America scheme did a very good job for Markem-Imaje in the first quarter. Little bit lower growth in Europe, but it was still positive. China was a challenge. Now I'll answer your question about profile, I will tell you that and I think I shared this on a call or two last years with respect to both Europe and China. We continue to see a slowdown in a deferral and a longer sales cycle, both in Europe and China with respect to orders that are for what I would refer to as capital goods. If it's for operating type of expenditures that products that we're selling to our customers that activity seems to be holding up fairly well.
Robert Livingston: Okay, Brad can give you some detail, but I am going to enjoy giving you a quick response on the fluid margins, Nigel. If you strip out the acquisitions from out of the fluid segment that we completed in 2015 and then Tokheim in January of this year and just look at the core business. We actually had slight margin improvement year-over-year in the first quarter. I think maybe it was modest, but it was still an improvement, I think it was 30 or 40 basis points improvement in the core operating margin. But obviously the acquisitions are coming on board with lower margins than the core and then we have the purchase accounting on top of that. But Brad can probably give you additional color than that.
Robert Livingston: Yeah, that was within the industrial platform of the ES and I think the gain that we, I think we commented on this in the script. I think the gain was $10 million or $11 million.
Robert Livingston: So, the question is around margins. Let me just - you'd have start you're going to look at it over a longer period of time looking back, you have to start by understanding the effective product mix and acquisitions on the segment margins and I am not just talking about purchase accounting and amortization. But the pure business profile of the acquisitions that we've made over the last four or five years, you go back to 2008, 2009, the two primary businesses within our energy platform as we’ve reported today would be our artificial lift business and our diamond insert business, both of which have margins then and up until 2000 - up until the last, you know, up until the last nine months have had margins higher than the businesses that we’ve been acquiring. So the mix has changed rather significantly, it’s rather difficult to compare the business - the business margin profile of even prior to the downturn even in 2014 to the business profile we had in 2008. And if you wonder have Paul walk that through you on the call later then he'll be glad to do that.
Robert Livingston: No, I would say that there is, the answer is typical, there were three acquisitions, we have quite a bit of impact related to inventory turnover in the first quarter that doesn’t continue beyond that, but you do get the normal amortization of the goodwill in the intent, actually the intangibles. So the inventory piece, you know, I would say the first quarter is being impacted by roughly $6 million or $7 millions of inventory, and that doesn’t repeat itself into the second or third, fourth quarters. And then if you think about margins as well on restructuring, we said restructuring was going to be $40 million. If you think about how that’s going to get spend, we had $14 million or so in the first quarter, I would expect by the time we finish the second quarter we'll be about $35 million or so about $40 million spend. So, again as I start to look at first half and second half even for the company, you know, the first half, second half is not traditional what I would say is the split between first half and second half at $48 million to $52 million which it’s showing up in guide rate now was about 43% ,47%, $57 million, but if you adjust for these one-offs that you’re asking about and restructuring and then relook at it at that level, it has closer to 45%, 46% first half.
Robert Livingston: Again it’s - you tell me what - if I knew what the volume was going to be next year Shannon, I can tell you - I could give you pretty good guess what the margins were going to be, it is very volume sensitive. We commented on the margins that we don’t - the EBITDA numbers are obviously in our filings, but even as we look at our energy segment as - if we close - if we exit the fourth quarter with a 10% operating margin run rate, Shannon, our EBITDA on that business is about 20% in the fourth quarter. And what we have tried to protect very diligently and I commented on the script as well, is our engineering capability and our ability to respond pretty quickly. So when I say we can take advantage of the recovery and leverage the recovery well, when it does come, part of its around our response capability, but we have taken enough fixed cost out of this business in 2015 and 2016, that the incrementals on our volume increase are going to be rather impressive.
Robert Livingston: We'll actually all in. I'm not sure that's true Steve. All in the first quarter including I say all in including restructuring charges, I think margins were 4%, 4.1% something like that. We actually do start to get some benefits in the second quarter.
Robert Livingston: So from those restructuring activities that we're for the most part absent in the first quarter. Because Steve most of the restructuring we took in energy and the first quarter occurred in March.
Robert Livingston: I actually expect margins in the second quarter and energy to be a bit better than the first. We actually took out 366 ads in the first quarter in energy. And most of them - in March.
Robert Livingston: Good question. And it's something we look at. We something we look at every year not just on energy. But beyond that I'm not going to comment.
Robert Livingston: Sure. So you're right. And then last forecast we had a roughly $0.18 from acquisition accretion. Where we're stand today in our forecast, we're at $0.19. So roughly it's the same number let's say at that way. So they're trending fine, some are little bit better. Yeah one's up a penny one, there is no big changes, pretty consistent from our last forecast and the way you reconcile it, you get - you take out the gain that to your point and you add and you also have to, you add back the gain and then you subtract out the lost revenue and earnings of the disposition and that’s about $0.09 or so.
Robert Livingston: So, the OPW first quarter was lighter than we expected and in the first quarter, the softness was almost all, not entirely, but almost all in the retail area. Activity in Canada, our retail fueling was significantly below expectations and even our experience from last year thus the comp part of the reason why I have to comment on the integrated energy companies at least, those are some of our customers in Canada, but we also saw some project timing for shales from the first quarter to second and third from some U.S. retail customers who are pushing out some rebuild projects.
Robert Livingston: I would say for the rest of the year, our expectation is it’s going to be less of a call it a negative year-over-year comp in the second quarter and we’re actually feeling fairly positive about by the second half of the year.
Robert Livingston: For those of you who recall that my comments in the first half of last year on refrigeration what we’re seeing in the fourth quarter and the first quarter was actually what we were expecting to see in the second quarter of last year, it just took us longer to get to this point. As you know, we did take a significant drop down and the step down in the Walmart business and the efforts by the leadership team and the sales organization in Phoenix has been outstanding over the past year to deal with the shortfall and they are covering it. They’re covering it Dean, they’ve done a really good job. In fact I would say that the organic growth for the segment in the first quarter just slightly above 3% was actually about a point better than we expected coming into the year and all of that upside was that of our refrigeration business, primarily, but not all, primarily Phoenix and we feel very, very good with the factory load we have right now for the seasonally strong second quarter and the teams are working pretty feverishly and making sure that we can make that same comment as we entered the third quarter. We actually feel pretty positive right now about the seasonal load that we’re looking at here in the second and third quarter.
Robert Livingston: No the customers Dean, there’s a handful of new customers in there a single handful, but some of it is just winning larger share.
Robert Livingston: I would like to cover a point here Walmart activity is still not where we would expect it to be even in the remodel activity, the first few weeks of the year were actually pretty modest compared to our expectations. March was sort of back on track. But this is a bit of a different year for Walmart. With respect to communication to at least us and to other suppliers that we're aware of is that they have not announced to their supply base a detailed roll out of remodel activity for 2016, it's sort of being done in month or two at a time.
Robert Livingston: Okay. So first-of-all all restructuring activity is not the same. The bulk of not all, but the bulk of the restructuring activity we’ve had and energy both last year 2015 as well as the first half of this year has been people related and my goodness Brad, can I say almost a 100% domestic, maybe almost a 100% North America for sure. And Joe the payback on that is pretty high pretty quick. When you peel off the labor restructuring, the workforce restructuring you look at some of the fixed cost or facility consolidations we did last year and are doing again this year. In a waiting perspective they are pretty minor compared to the benefits we are getting from the workforce reduction and the payback is longer probably more in line with what you are referring to here when you look at the facility consolidations that we have done. But again, most of the work force reduction last year and this year has been North America.
Robert Livingston: May be I will get you a very discrete example Brad mentioned that in Energy in the first quarter workforce was reduced by 366 they are either here or not and when they are not I mean the benefits I mean it is a pretty high comfort on that.
Robert Livingston: So like I commented both on the script and in earlier response, we have as good of a job as we can be holding our engineering capability. In fact, I would say at last year in 2015 we actually added resources in engineering. The 2016 we have tweet a bit around the edges on our service response but we have done it, in a way that we know we have got flexibility to move resources around to handle customer demands today, tomorrow and hopefully here whether it is the second half of this year and next year when you start to see a little bit of the recovery. But we have tried very diligently to protect our response time even though we have then sort of trending at the margins. To that point Joe, I am going to tell you, I do not see a lot more flexibility in the second-half of his year or even going in the next year about restructuring activity at Energy that is in line with what we have done in the second-half of last year or in the first quarter or the second quarter of this year. If there's further revenue declines I think we can always find opportunities at the margin but I am not just being very upfront, I do not see the opportunity to take another $30 million of cost out of Energy in the second-half of this year even if we see a little bit of decline in revenue.
Brad Cerepak: Okay, we’ll see, Steve I think in my script I commented on our sequential decline in the first quarter of 12% and that we are anticipating another sequential decline in the second quarter of about 10%. You look at the second half, the second half revenue is closely aligned with what we view as the run rate for the second quarter, and I would add one color comment on that. In the second half, we do have about 45 million of share gain revenue, sort of split evenly between the third and fourth quarter on wins that we’ve won and we have one at slide two, absent the share gain wins, the revenue in the second half would be modestly below the second quarter run rate. On margins for the year, margins are going to - I think, at the top end of our guide, margins are about 6% or 6.5%, all in, including restructuring. The restructuring activity is very heavily loaded in the first and second quarter. Second half sees the benefits from the restructuring activity and the absence of any new restructuring actions. And we do, our guide does show that we exit 2016 with an operating margin at energy, just about 10%.
Brad Cerepak: I would - for first quarter in energy, price was a negative 1% for the segment. Jeff, I would still tell you that in our guide, we still have a negative 2% to 3% price pressure for the year, but in the first quarter, it was 1%. The price pressure in fluids for the year is less than 1% or I'm going to say about 1%, I think it’s actually 0.9 to be specific. And then for the company as a whole, it's actually very, very slightly positive for the year.
Brad Cerepak: Well, the only thing for the first quarter I would add that you know not having the numbers on top of my head right here. We had in the ES about, I don't know about 7 million or so restructuring cost, if I remember correctly. If I adjust for that restructuring cost and I adjust for then the deal, the margins, the margins and fluids would be about 17.5%. So, we can do the math on that and figure out what the delta is on with respect to the acquisitions.
Brad Cerepak: I actually don't have the detail in front of me, Steve. I'm taking the guess to even try to answer that.
Brad Cerepak: On the restructuring. So let's just cover that for a moment. We said incremental 20 million for total of 40 million. So if you think about what we had in terms of benefits in our last forecast where we are today. The benefits on the 20 million incremental spend is up 50 million. I know that sounds like a big number. But in that 50 million I would say 50% of that is right sizing manufacturing so that hourly work variable cost and the other 50% is attribute to structural type of cost take out and so that's what we have in our forecast. So again some of the you'll see the foot note on one of the charts that 100 million now and the aggregate includes we include all in when we say the headcounts are down 366 heads that's also manufacturing and management and overhead type layers as well.
Brad Cerepak: Well, yes or no, I mean it's not part of a restructuring activity per se. But it surely is a structural change that we are pursuing here at Dover. We've been running pilot programs where two full years now and this year we sort of announced here internally a couple of months ago the role out of the shared service approach around Dover and it's more than just back office. It encompasses from activity around HR some like activity around finance and accounting. But it's more than just accounts payable and accounts receivable it's much more expensive. And I think actually by the time we get the year end 2016 we'll probably we'll have one segment pretty much fully transition to shared service approach and the other 3 perhaps 30 to 50% transitioned to the shared service platform. We are not - in our guide there has actually no benefits, not net benefits in our guide this year from the shared service roll out. We've got some spending and some investment that we are making this year, we are seeing some benefits. But that's not going to be a net benefit. We'll actually start to see the net benefits of this program in the 2017 and 2018.
