Richard Tobin: Thanks Paul, good morning everybody and thanks for joining us for this morning's conference call, let's get started. In Q2, Dover posted consolidated revenue up 3% with adjusted earnings of $200 million and adjusted diluted EPS of $1.30 a share, up 19% and 21% respectively. Bookings remained solid at $1.9 billion at the end of the quarter and are broad-based across the portfolio excluding retail refrigeration. The Apergy spin-off is completed at the beginning of the quarter and as a result we have executed a good portion of the announced share repurchase program which Brad will take you through, the impact on the share count later in the deck. We are tightening the full-year EPS guidance range to $4.75 to $4.85 a share despite the full-year demand environment and retail refrigeration being below our original forecast and largely as a result of improved margin conversion in the Fluids segment expected in Q4, tight corporate cost controls, and share count reduction. As we have noted in the press release this morning, we will be implementing a cost reduction program beginning in Q3 which is not reflected in our current full-year EPS guidance and will be subject to a separate announcement I will deal with that, I think, in the Q&A. So let's go on in the presentation, let me pass it off to Brad.
Richard Tobin: We’re well through our plans. I expect that our plans will be complete by mid-August from there we will work on the accounting treatment quite frankly because there's some issues we have to deal with war notices and a variety of other things. Before the end of Q3, we'll be announcing the timing of those measures, the cost of those measures, and the flow through on our cost going into 2019 as a separate announcement, but I guess in a nutshell we're well under way at this point. I'm confident in our ability to execute and I think as a clarifying point what I've written in the press release, it said overhead, and I don't want to confuse that with what has gone on here before about rightsizing if you will nor do I want you to think of that as corporate cost. This is SG&A across the group including the SG&A in the segment, so the scale of this rightsizing initiative will be materially larger than some of the rightsizing initiatives that we have seen as a result of the Apergy spinoff.
Richard Tobin: The cost reduction initiatives are solely in retail refrigeration because that really is the part of the portfolio that's suffering the revenue decline. I think from an earnings point of view both UB, UB is on track for the full-year. I think that we've got some calendarization differences running through the P&L right now in Belvac. So if you look at the segment performance, it's negative to a certain extent because of Belvac, our backlog in Belvac is impressive right now it's purely a question of the timing of the deliveries right now they're loaded into Q4 and that's why in my commentary, I'd said that the comparable performance for the segment actually rolls over in Q4 where we expected to be positive which is largely as a result of the cost takeout in retail refrigeration and the shipments in Belvac. So in terms of the portfolio review and the decision about keeping anything I mean we've gone through the portfolio review in terms of what we can expect about medium term performance but there's been no real decisions about a greater portfolio decision at this point. I think that I understand that there is this issue of well why don't we spinout refrigeration or monetize refrigeration, monetizing the business at it -- at its current demand levels. I'm not so sure about that from a decision point of view. So I think what we're doing right now is rightsizing that business in terms of what we believe the demand is going to be for the balance of the year. We'll have a better idea as we go through Q3 of what we expect to happen in 2019 and we're committed to making sure that that we maximize the segment profitability for that period. In terms of what we're going to do from a portfolio point of view I think that's a future consideration.
Richard Tobin: Okay, I think there's two primary issues. One is clearly that the expectation of demand in retail refrigeration of what we thought it was going to be at the beginning of the year and what it's likely turning out to be for 2018 is significantly different and that goes through 2019. So I believe that we're reaching the bottom from what I've can ascertain so far but right now we're moving as quickly as we can to intervene on the cost space to protect margins as they are. We'll make further decisions based on as I mentioned the previous question about where as we stack up on, we're taking a lot of costs out right now, we’re incurring those costs of the P&L of what kind of on the run margin profile is for retail refrigeration but a variety of demand scenarios into 2019 but clearly that's a significant difference between what we had thought at the beginning of the year and what it's turned out to be, so it's up to us to action that and quite frankly, segment management has been doing a lot of heavy lifting, so I can't criticize the execution of the cost takeout year-to-date. The other issue is the execution on the facility consolidation in DFS and the margin profile of that portion of the Fluids segment has been disappointing. This has been ongoing for some period of time. I think it is demonstrated that there are some gaps in the organization about handling facility consolidation and complex industrial moves and we're paying the price for that. So right now in terms of margin of dilution accretion, we've got a significant portion of the Fluid segment that is very dilutive to the balance of the portfolio and that's a problem. We're getting our hands around about on the run profitability for that segment, if I can strip out some of the noise. But we're not moving fast enough in my mind in terms of the execution. I think that we will make some progress in Q3, so comparable earnings trajectory versus the first half move up in H2 but we're still far away from expectation in terms of the margin of that business and it's significant to our revenue stream, so it's something that that we need to fix and I think that that is going to undertake us bringing in a mix of some other kind of talents into the group to ensure that because there is other footprint initiatives that I think that will be coming through 2019 and we just got to do a better job of executing there. In terms of inorganic investment this is not a scenario of while we're going to go through a cleanup period here and then we're going to come out of the other side. We're still looking at inorganic opportunity and the balance of the portfolio we've got certain portions of our business that are executing very well I mean I highlighted some of them in the opening commentary. We're looking at a few right now and the scale in terms of purchase price is somewhere, it’s less than $0.5 billion but more in the $250 million range.
Richard Tobin: Sure. For the most part in supply chain issues that we've had, that have been negative to earnings have been mostly isolated in Fluids and almost exclusively in DFS. And that is part and parcel to this facility consolidation to a certain extent and trying to manage our SNL pieces systems of getting the right product out. So we've had a bunch of frictional costs associated that whether that's freight expediting. On the balance of the group, it's being reflected in working capital performance where I think that the supply chains in certain parts of the business have been somewhat strained. I think in certain areas we've tried to buy forward a little bit on the industrial businesses for steel to kind of mask price increases to a certain extent and that really needs to be normalized going to the second half because we're not entirely pleased with the cash flow performance year-to-date. So those are really two of the areas where it's manifesting itself.
Richard Tobin: Yes, we've got a pretty mixed portfolio, so any answer I give you is going to be kind of mixed, I mean I think that we've estimated that our commodity headwind is approximately $55 million or so, that needs to be offset in price. Clearly in the business, I called out VSG where we've been negative so far and that's a little bit because of -- that's a distribution business and there's a pal on kind of rolling that into distribution which we're committed to fixing in the second half of the year. The other businesses like TWG and ESG which are heavily levered towards commodity prices because of the demand profile has been there. They're doing reasonably well on price and they're offsetting the balance because of the volume leverage on the industrial side.
Richard Tobin: I can deal with that in Q3 but let's deal with between now and the end of the year. I'm not aware of anything that's changed in the dynamic or the cash flow dynamic of the business right now. So I'm not taking 10% of revenue off the table by any means. Clearly as I'm sure you’ve heard during the Q3 commentary we did -- we are backend loaded in certain of our businesses and that would imply that receivable balances in Q4 may be going up but that, so we're going to have to work pretty hard in terms of the industrial inventory and payables to offset that, but I don't see any fundamental change that we've moved to at a heavier profile in terms of inventory or cash conversion but getting into kind of doing the timing quarter-by-quarter, it's hard for me to say right now I've gone through it at the Opco level, I think any kind of fluctuation in that is going to be based on timing of receivable balances and at the end of the year we're shipping out a bunch of LaRio machines and shipping out a lot of Belvac, I mean that's going to be negative unless we can carry some payables to offset into it. But right now I don't see any reason to come off 10% of revenue in terms of a target.
Richard Tobin: A little bit less those than you think, I think that that the rightsizing that's been going on in refrigeration has been flowing through the P&L and it's on the variable labor side more than anything else I think that what we're going to do in the segment is take a look at the footprint because the footprint is probably well it is right now at current demand levels a lot larger than we would need, so there's going to be a part of that in it but to be clear the restructuring that we're going to announce in Q3 is not -- is more of a group wide SG&A reduction there will be some amount of footprint in it but quite frankly I think that the footprint decisions are going to take a little longer and that'll be done I don't want to say separately but I mean as you can imagine you need to prepare a supply chains and do a variety of other things to deal with a footprint so a lot of that will probably go into 2019. What we're going to do in this coming quarter is take a look at across all of the segments, so group wide SG&A because clearly as we've taken a look at the benchmarking versus our peer set, we’re a bit heavy I think we've done a lot of work in the past to put in systems to allow us to take out some non-customer facing kind of costs and that's what we're going to do.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I think that right now we are concentrating on the actionable items, so SG&A clearly as an actionable, addressable item and as we have mentioned we've got some pretty big execution issues that we need to deal with in DFS and DFS as a material portion of our total group revenues and clearly we're kind of swimming upstream a little bit on retail refrigeration until that business stabilizes itself, so there is a lot we can do in terms of operational performance. That it's going to require that's but that is more of a sustained kind of grinded out effort. So I mean it's not something that we can turn the dial between now and the end of the year. I think other than just begin to turn it philosophically. But in my going around I think that that we do need to bring into some of our businesses some expertise in terms of operational efficiency. I think we do a fantastic job of keeping close to the customer. I think we do a really good job in terms of new product development, so kind of close to the customer and developing the products which is reflected in our top-line which has been very competitive against our peer set. I think that part of it we do quite well I think that we just need to take that kind of effort and turn some of it back in terms of operational execution. But that is something that is we can put it in it as an ethos between now and the end of the year but we're going to have to grind that out and that's more of a 18 months before we really get on a cadence that I'd like to see it out.
Richard Tobin: I won't use intensity again we're not going to become more asset heavy. We are going to sweat the assets that we have more intensely.
Richard Tobin: The $55 million is a mixed number which is, it's got tariff in there and it's got price escalation right and parsing that out --
Richard Tobin: Yes, parsing that out is relatively difficult. We are keeping a close look at our exposure to China in terms of our revenue base clearly and not only our exposure from a revenue point of view but also the mismatch between what we make in China and selling to China versus what we import exports. So we're running the traps on all of that it looks manageable at this point, so I don't see any significant issue. I'd like to see our Asia-Pac margins move up group wide a little bit but and I’d mention that in the color around LPW but at the end of the day from a growth point of view it's from a absolute profit point of view we will take it, so we're running the traps on both kind of tariff scenarios but for us right now it's less tariff and more commodity cost headwinds and then it's just a challenge for us to offset it between price and productivity.
Richard Tobin: Right. We're looking closely at it. We -- I'm very cognizant that everyone is looking for a structured answer from me on that, our intent is hopefully before the end of Q3 around the close of Q3 that we're going to come out and I'll give you a whole presentation in terms of my thoughts on capital allocation in the short-term Brad alluded to what we're doing in terms of the share repurchase as, a) it was a commitment in the past but it's a relative valuation play at the same time, so I think we've given you a lot of color in terms of our intent there. But I understand that everybody is waiting to hear from me about capital allocation and I'm working on the presentation as we speak.
Richard Tobin: I hope it's conservative. I guess maybe we're talking about retail refrigeration. I think when we look at the segment. It's going to have enough it's going to have a tough Q3 and then -- these are comparable numbers now it’s going have a tough Q3. And then it's going to roll over in Q4 because quite frankly the comps get better and as I mentioned the non-retail refrigeration portion of the portfolio is backend loaded right now based on our forecast, so you're going to get that kind of uptick. But the fact of the matter is we're nothing's really changed, we're in a bit of a CapEx strike by food retail as everybody struggles with the digitization and what they're going to do to react to that. It is clearly below replacement demand now so I wouldn't say does it get worse from here, I don't think that it gets worse from here but we don't see a runway for it to get demonstrably better other than to run the trap lines to say at some point maintenance capital, replacement capital has got to come back so but clearly the proportion of new build to replacement build is changed forever to a certain extent and we're going to have to size ourselves based on that. In terms of other revenues streams there you guys you could imagine we are working strenuously to diversify the business from case and door to other products within in food retail. I think that we've got some interesting irons in the fire in that regard but they are not going to impact earnings in 2018. And assumes we can put some color around it and I'm sure you'll hear from us about it but for the medium term this is all hands on deck of rightsizing ensuring that our quality remains best in class setting ourselves up for even at flat revenue we actually make comparable profits go up because of cost takeout and then working strenuously in kind of diversified the revenue stream from a product point of view.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I know that there's a need or everybody wants me to reconcile the 2019 targets. I can just guess and I've looked at them closely. Clearly as you articulated both Fluids -- all right let's go back Engineering Systems from a top-line growth and a margin accretion point of view is largely on track. Fluids because of the negative conversion in DFS is problematic and I think we've beaten this issue of food retail. I'm more of a consolidated margin person, this is a portfolio there's going to be ups and downs in terms of the demand cycle in the portfolio but if I look at it from a consolidated point of view part of the reason that we're taking this action in terms of overhead costs is to close that gap which is a portion of it is our execution issues that we have in DFS that need to be reconciled and more importantly the headwinds that we have on refrigeration.
Richard Tobin: Right. As I mentioned earlier from an execution point of view on refrigeration and the actions that have been taken on the cost basis I'm confident that the plans are in place for the comparable margin to rise it's purely a question of demand so it's a top-line issue, right, so I think that's the segment management is on it from a cost point of view it's not there's not an execution issue going on in retail refrigeration it's more of -- it's got a significant top-line headwind and because of that your fixed cost absorption becomes problematic, so it's easy you know what they've done up until this point is do with a variable cost which they take through the P&Ls on a comparable basis even a flat revenues it actually moves up going into 2019. And then it's clear that we're probably going to have to take some action in terms of the fixed cost in that business to right size it based on future demand. We're not there yet because I'm not I think we need to see some stabilization in terms of the demand profile on that portion of the business. On DFS I can tell you that if I clear out of the noise of the facility consolidation and everything else it's a material amount of earnings increase at flat revenue. But I'll also tell you that the profit margin even if I clear out the noise is unacceptable from a comp base. And that is likely to take, I think we will make improvement I think you're going to see some improvements in the second half of this year largely in Q4, I think that you'll see improvement assuming we clear out the noise which we're committed to doing in 2019 but it’s going to likely take throughout 2019 to materially get this closer to benchmark profitability which is our target.
Richard Tobin: It’s such a mixed bag, I think it's very difficult to answer, I think by and large as I mentioned before the customer facing portion of the business is executing. So and that includes new product development, right a lot of what we do is I would almost classify as co-engineering in a lot of cases. I think from an investment point of view, if there's been any opportunity in terms of investment it would be at the industrial level and that's a productivity issue, right. So there may be some amount of flex of investing in the industrial footprint to derive future productivity out of it and be less labor intensive in some of our more industrial businesses.
Richard Tobin: In the -- in the near-term it's driven by self-help and in the longer-term it moves more into investing where we are advantaged from a market structure point of view and we believe that we've got advantage. So over the next 18 months, I think it's more of operational execution and self-help I think that I've basically pointed my finger of where we believe that the biggest material changes can take place. But over the -- but at a certain point if we execute on that then it becomes more of an issue of capital allocation and allocating our capital where we believe that we’re structurally advantaged in terms of whether it's market structure or product or a variety of other considerations. So but it's not to say I think I should repeat myself that we're going into some kind of black period where we're going to almost exclusively concentrate on execution issues, I think that we're able to do a little bit of both. So we are going to be considering inorganic investment over that period of time. So it's not a black white, so if you're asking a longer term question I think that once we get beyond kind of some of the operational challenges that we have in front of us then I think it becomes more of a -- are we going to be a disciplined allocator of capital. And I think we're committed to doing so.
Richard Tobin: No, I won't give you segment margin for the whole year I think that if you go back and you look of what my comments were I think that I've given a good amount of color in terms of what our expectations are by segment in terms of calendarization between Q3 and Q4.
Richard Tobin: No, I think that what I alluded to before about coming out and doing let’s call it a Capital Markets Day for lack of better word about presenting something about capital allocation clearly as part of that it's going to be something about what we think about future margin performance is going to be. I just need some time to get it all sorted and I think it's important that we have a definitive answer in terms of the costs and the role forward about the actions that we’re going to be taking in the next 90 days as part of that presentation.
Richard Tobin: I think that the opposite. As you're aware, I think that the asset base of Dover is diverse, I think to be kind. So there is ample slack capacity throughout the group and even if you drove down that by operating coming in second and everything else. So I think that there is an amount of opportunity if we're talking about driving longer-term productivity of changing the profile of some of our industrial assets to make them less labor intensive over time. But I think that the payback on those investments will be solid. But it is very much a mixed bag between how old the assets are and whether they’re industrial assets or non-industrial in terms of their profile. So it's -- I'll just give you anecdotal comments but there are opportunities, if we're confident about the revenue streams going forward and the volume for some amount of automation that may require some amount of CapEx but quite frankly I don't think it's going to flex CapEx of revenue as a percentage of revenue demonstratively and I think that the payback will be satisfactory.
Richard Tobin: I think neutral is the best answer I can give you, I mean you got so much flex in mix going into the second half and a lot of comparable performance changes. Clearly, we didn't I think that DES in most of their industrial businesses did a great job in Q2 or some high value shipments but we got out the door quickly. So from a comparative basis, we're going to be really leaning on DFS in Q3 and really leaning on DFS and retail refrigeration from a comp basis in Q4 and because of retail refrigeration not retail refrigeration because of DFR being reliant upon Belvac in Q4 which are low shipments in number but very lucrative in terms of its margin profile.
Richard Tobin: I don’t want it to be my transition. So I think the commitment of clearly from an execution point of view in DFS, I can't speak to the past. I can just speak to what we're dealing with right now; I think that we could have handled this better, right. I think that I'll put it in my lap; I know how to do that stuff. So I think that it's just a question of doing the preparation beforehand and executing on the plan. And just so I think also as I mentioned that we are going to be taking the industrial footprint but over the course of the next 18 months. And we may have targeted actions there but what I can assure you is, is that when we take those actions that will tell you upfront what the cost is going to be and what the timeline of the execution is and it's not going to be modeled in kind of on the run results.
Richard Tobin: I'd like is it possible, I don't think so. I guess is my answer right I mean I think if it’s squishy let's take an example. If we want to intervene in 2019 on the industrial footprint of retail refrigeration for example, it would be squishy to the extent of there are some amount of redundant costs both in preparation for and working capital to prepare to make that transition. All right, but those are relatively known and easily measured right as opposed to having difficulty with the transition and not starting up appropriately where you're basically having difficulty executing on your backlog and then you get all of the frictional costs associated with that whether that is redundant labor significant overtime, freight expediting, paying supplier premiums, that part of it is execution and that's the part that while we may intervene on the industrial footprint, I think that the planning of that and our ability to demonstrate this is what it's going to cost and this is what the timeline, that part we'll fix.
Richard Tobin: Well I mean we put the guidance out there and I can see that there's some pushback on the $4.85. So I think -- and I told -- what I said was the bias was to the upper end, right. So I think that we're trying to take into account all forecasts are associated with executing the business. Clearly, I think that the comp to comp in Q3 is going to be unexciting and it's going to be backend loaded, I don't see anything in Q4 that could swing the number significantly that wouldn't allow us to make it up, right. As I said it may be from a segmental point of view, it maybe puts and takes, I mentioned before we're ever reliant on Belvac shipments in Q4, if those get deferred into Q1, that's something that we're going to have to make up in DES or somewhere else. So we're again I’m taking that into account in terms of the movement of the total portfolio.
