Richard Tobin: Thanks, Brad. I am on slide nine, which is a familiar format we used during the Investor Day in 2019 to describe our inorganic growth priorities. I am pleased to report that our activity since then has aligned well with those priorities and we remain busy adding logical logistic bolt-ons that will support the long-term growth of our core businesses. As you can see that we are investing in the highest priority platforms with an emphasis on high growth, high gross margin products and solutions. We remain disciplined in our approach to acquisitions and despite the challenging asset prices in today’s environment, we have acquired seven bolt-on acquisitions year-to-date that meet our investment return criteria, including two in the third quarter and one that closed last week. The most recent deals highlighted in green were CDS, an industrial 3D visualization software, which we expect to grow in third-party revenues and also adopt across the Dover portfolio in our journey towards digitizing the front-end of our businesses, lowering our transaction costs. SP, which complements our Aerospace and Defense business, a software-driven signal intelligence solutions and LIQAL, which is an emerging leader in LNG and hydrogen dispensing solutions. Each transaction is modest addition to our aggregate portfolio, but we are very excited about scaling up these innovative and strategic technologies over time, and the positive impact to EPS as these investments mature. We remain on the hunt for acquisitions and have a solid M&A pipeline that aligns well with our portfolio priorities. We also took advantage of recent market activity in the Food Equipment sector to sell Unified Brands, a professional cooking equipment business for commercial foodservice operators. The deal was announced in early October and is expected to close in the fourth quarter. Unified Brands represents less than 2% of our overall revenue and its sale will have a negligible impact on our 2021 adjusted EPS. I would like to thank the management and employees of Unified Brands for the many years of service in the Dover family. As we look to the end of the year, demand outlook remains favorable across the majority of the portfolio, backlogs and bookings remain robust and we expect to post strong organic growth in Q4. Overall, we remain on track to deliver strong returns this year through a combination of robust growth in revenue, operating profit and cash flow, coupled with disciplined capital allocation. We also look forward to closing out this year and laying the foundation for what we believe to be a positive demand environment in 2022. We have clarity about the nature of the inflationary input and supply disruption costs that we incurred in Q3 and expect to queue in Q4 due to the challenging operating environment and we have conviction that we can turn them into profitability tailwinds as conditions improve and the calendar progresses from here. Before wrapping up, I would like to thank Dover for all their preservers and accomplishments executing in today’s environment. And with that, let’s turn it to Q&A.
Richard Tobin: We were not price cost neutral in the quarter in the segments where you can see the dilution at the operating margin. So, it’s a little bit of a two-fold story. Where we’re getting the most price is where we’re getting impacted the most, because not only you are driving with price increases, driving the topline, even in equilibrium that’s dilutive to operating margins. So, when you’re in a negative position, you get kind of a 300-point dilution. So the bad news is we’re not in equilibrium in Q3. From here, we’d begin to squeeze that down in Q4 and if conditions don’t deteriorate go positive moving into 2022.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. I think that we’re hopeful that we can get out what we’re projecting in our guidance. Clearly, not in the -- not only in the revenue but the EPS, we’re driving towards the top end here. But it’s a normal Q4 despite and Brad went over cash flow. We will run for cash somewhat at the end of the year. We have certain businesses that are seasonal that don’t deliver much in December and then we lose production days just because of Thanksgiving and Christmas. So, we’re talking about double-digit growth quarter-over-quarter into Q4, and we’re going to endeavor to get it out, Jeff.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. I mean there’s three buckets, right? There is raw materials, there’s logistics and supply chain, and then there’s business interruption costs that we incurred during the quarter. The vast majority of the negative impact is reflected in the segments that you can see, and a conservative view of what that cost was in the quarter is somewhere in the order of $25 million to $30 million in EBIT lost. That compresses in Q4 on a lower revenue line.
Richard Tobin: Because a lot of it is still in inventory, so you’ve got that role based on -- you’ve got the raw materials inventory and you’ve got the orders in backlog and depending on when you took the orders and when they cycle through. So…
Richard Tobin: … two most effective businesses that we have, the price cost in total, including all three categories narrows from the number that I just gave you, but it does not get positive. Without getting granular here, it may get positive on raw materials, but not pick up logistics on the logistics side. From a total portfolio point of view, I think, that we are in neutrality in Q4.
Richard Tobin: Well, look, I mean, as Brad mentioned, we’re carrying the inventory, so we won’t liquidate all of that in Q4. So to a certain extent, we are over ordering on the component side just because it’s a little bit of a whackable. It was hydraulics back in Q2 and to a certain extent at the beginning of Q3. That’s lightening up and now its electronic components. So, it’s a myriad of stuff, but unfortunately, all it takes is one missing piece here. It seems like it’s getting -- it’s not getting worse. I guess is what I am saying. I am a bit concerned about policy decisions making it worse. I don’t have a lot of faith in announcements about port activity having a demonstrable impact in the short run, quite frankly. But I think that because of the fact that we’ve been over ordering to a certain extent ourselves, I think it should modulate. But I am not ready to prognosticate about how much better it gets in Q1 other than to say that we believe that we’ve got positive pricing roll forward into Q1 and based on raw materials that the forward curves are constructive.
Richard Tobin: I think that we are -- I think that what we believe that is structural in nature in terms of the inflation is the labor. So if we’re constructive about raw mats coming down somewhat and we’re constructive about the lagging effect of price increases and inventory turns, that we believe, as I mentioned in my comments, that we can bring back the margin profile of the biggest impacted business that we have. In any given year, we expect to offset inflationary inputs at the factory level with productivity. Now we’ve got to do a little bit more of that just because of the labor inflation but I think that that’s doable.
Richard Tobin: Well, we get asked this every quarter and the answer is yes. As we talked about in the call, we have -- we’re expanding capacity and we wouldn’t be doing that, if we weren’t proactive about the demand environment going into 2022. Do we get a little bit of margin fade due to mix? Maybe, but is it going to be material? No. So we look at it this way. We understand that this has been material in terms of the year-over-year profitability of the group. Would we rely on that level of profitability change moving forward from here? No. But I think that we’ve got a lot of ammunition. Back to your other question about what we think that we can roll forward in the portfolio next year. So we don’t need that kind of pickup next year, just relative to the size of the change in earnings this year.
Richard Tobin: Not in inventory. I mean it’s a big question. Look, one of the thing we’ve been discussing all year is the backlogs are so large. Is that being influenced? Sure, it’s being influenced, because the supply chain constraints are becoming so difficult. No one wants to live with that next year. So lead times are stretching out and that’s reflected in the backlog to a certain extent. I am not aware and based on the yelling and screaming that goes on around here about getting the product out the door, that we’ve got any channels that are carrying excess inventory. Pretty much right now, everything that we can get out the door, our customers and distributors will take.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. It’s a mixed bag. We have -- at a certain point you can’t have half built or three-quarter built units. You just need the logistics. If you think about refrigeration units, you think about ESG truck bodies, you think about vehicle lifts, you just get to the point where the cost of reworking those goods, putting in those last pieces of component parts as they arrive, the math doesn’t make sense and it gets really complicated and then you just say we need to stop. Sometimes you stop for two or three days. Sometimes, you stop for a shift depending on inventory deliveries and everything else. But I would tell you that it would -- a lot of it is driven by the size of the goods, if you think about it that way. I mean, if you’re thinking about it like a pump, you can -- we’ve got enough warehousing space to take that. If you’re thinking about truck bodies and you’re thinking about refrigerated -- refrigeration units, you get to the point where you’re just better off taking the whole machine down for two days or three days. And when you do so, you don’t carry all the labor but you carry most of it. So the negative absorption is what you would expect.
Richard Tobin: Okay. Okay. The three components that we’re talking, but we have -- I don’t want to rewind the clock here, but we started in Q4 and Q1 of last year talking about raw material price cost, where we said at the time, we would be in neutrality, right? Then when we went from there to a labor inflationary environment and even more problematic supply chain and logistics, labor inflation, I am not even going to get into it. It’s up to us to offset that just in terms of raw productivity. So where we are, and I think I gave you the number, it was $25 million to $30 million of negativity in the two segments that you see dilution in the quarter. We expect that to compress some in Q4, which is driven by two things, one is the revenue in Q4 relative to Q3 and the fact that you’ve got a roll forward and the catch-up us on pricing as you work off older dated backlog. So as I was -- back to the question I was asked before, all things being equal, as that older dated backlog re-prices itself because of pricing actions taken through the year, that it becomes a negative -- it becomes a positive moving into Q1 under the assumption that things don’t get worse from here and under the assumption that the market structure, the pricing in the market structure remains as it is today, which we believe it’s going to, by the way.
Richard Tobin: Well, we’re going to have to fight it out Julian. And we’ve taken the pain to make deliveries to our customers and we’ve been having discussions with them that we’re not re-pricing backlog in a lot of instances. So we are taking it through the P&L, which also means that as future prices of metals come down, we’re also not re-pricing the backlog that we have and so our backlogs are actually up sequentially despite the fact having 15% growth. So it’s not going to be easy but that’s kind of the way that we’re managing the process.
Richard Tobin: Year-on-year again, you know what I don’t have the gross margin for Q1 in my head. But I would assume that our projections for the majority of the portfolio are to grow the topline next year. I am not aware of negative mix -- segmental negative mix. So on absorption alone we would expect that.
Richard Tobin: Well, first and foremost, our guidance incorporates our view of what happens going forward, number one. Number two, could we have shipped more in Q3? Clearly, we could have. I think that this argument about lost revenue is an interesting one, because everybody, I suppose, all market participants claimed lost revenue, because demand is high and supply constraints are tight. So monetizing that as lost is a little bit of a fool’s game. We could have shipped out more in Q3. It would have reduced our backlog slightly is my presumption and I don’t believe that it would allow us to ship more in Q4 materially.
Richard Tobin: I think that the last time we did this was August and we said that, it was -- August is always a choppy month for bookings, so we would have more clarity as we went through the quarter. Clearly, they’ve got better in September and October based on the results that we’ve posted. My expectation that, they will slow on a run rate basis going into Q4 because essentially, Q4 is already in backlog for the most part.
Richard Tobin: Going and just announcing 24x7 operations as if you have all the employees and all of the moving parts to make that happen overnight is naive. I think the intent is there. But I think that if there’s -- we don’t believe there’s going to be any demonstrable change in performance between now and the end of the year. It’s just too complex of an ecosystem. I am not an economist. We’ve been having -- if you go back and look at our comments all year long, this notion of transitory inflation and blaming used car prices has been naive at best. It’s been manageable for corporates as corporates have priced inflation, but that is a how long is a piece of string argument. So coupled with a lot of other proposed agenda items that one conceivably could say would cause additional inflation and port congestion, I am not entirely sure that that’s a strategy that’s well thought out.
Richard Tobin: We are not re-pricing backlog materially in any portion of the group. We’re actually doing quite the opposite. We’re holding pricing in the backlog to the detriment of margins as we push the product out the door, because we believe that preserving our customer -- our strategic customer relationships and not forcing demand destruction is a more favorable equation than having fights about re-pricing backlog when we’re actually re-pricing all new orders as we progress through the year. So the only negative scenario, that ends up being a rolling credit unless one wants to make an assumption about inflationary inputs getting worse going into 2022 from where the baseline is right now.
Richard Tobin: I guess, I am allowed to make one positive comment since we’re going to deconstruct all this. Remember that our margins are up quarter-to-quarter for the remaining here. Yeah, look, I mean, at the end of the day, Q3 was tough, I mean, for [Technical Difficulty] we still had COVID Delta going on at the time with absenteeism driven by that, which we’re largely behind. There’s nothing that’s fundamentally changed in our ability to manage output. It’s been a little bit of a struggle. I think that we were, I guess, a little bit disappointed on the labor equation. We had projected it to get materially better in Q3 and it got a little bit better as we exited Q3, but the first couple of months were quite difficult. So I am not overly concerned on our ability to get to high watermarks and we’ve got some relatively robust projections for revenue growth for 2022 and we’ve got the footprint to deliver it. So, again, unless we want to make an assumption that supply constraints deteriorate from here, which we don’t believe then I think that we’re positioned appropriately just by the fact that we’ve over ordered on the inventory side, at least we start off on the front foot.
Richard Tobin: Well, I think, we mentioned it before. We’re going to get into 2022 and if we’re all positive about input costs and logistics and supply chain, backlogs are going to drop, right? Because lead times are going to shrink and everybody is going to panic and you shouldn’t. So, I think, that the bottomline is, because of these constraints, backlog is good, it gives us a lot of visibility going into the year and our expectation that backlog -- that total backlog will fade proportionally, but that’s actually a good sign. I am not going to give out growth rates by segment for 2022, as I mentioned in my comments. I think that we’ve done our early looks at what 2022 is setting up to be and I think from a top line point of view, which is portfolio wide we’re constructive.
Richard Tobin: Okay. Nigel, I think, I answered the question before that we do channel checks right now and we are not aware of inventory of our products being elevated in any of our end markets. Clearly, order rates are a reflection of backlog build and that’s why order rates continue to be elevated and backlog has not come down despite the fact that the topline growth has been good. It will, like, the order -- the backlog will fade over time. I don’t want to repeat myself over and over again here. So what’s driving the recovery? I think a couple of things. From a Dover point of view, I think that the portfolio is a lot different than it was in the past. I think that clearly it looks like we’re moving into a CapEx cycle in a lot of our end markets. We discussed refrigeration before, but that seems, we are getting quite proactive about the energy complex, for example, and I think that we’ve got some market exposures with the biopharma platform that we’ve had in the past that you can’t compare. So, overall, I think, it’s a combination of we’ve expanded capacity in markets that are growing. So we’ve got available product and the -- and that the profile of the end markets at Dover has changed meaningfully over the last five years.
Richard Tobin: We look at larger opportunities all the time. The problem with larger opportunities, the bigger the opportunity, the more it attracts in terms of interest, because of just scale and so pricing becomes difficult. If we look at where value has been created for Dover, historically, it’s these bolt-ons that use the network effect of Dover that have been high value returners. So, I don’t think we will ever stop doing the small ones, because I think that we’ve got a lot of conviction behind that process. But would we like to do some bigger ones? Sure, we would. We just need to find the appropriate priced deals out there.
Richard Tobin: We evaluate annually market structure participation by all of our operating companies. The fact of the matter is over the last three years to four years the market structure in Foodservice Equipment has changed for a variety of reasons and we just did not believe that, Unified Brands within the Dover family was going to be able to extract the value and that it was more appropriately owned by someone that has the scale to participate in that structure.
Richard Tobin: There’s not a lot, right? Like I said, we evaluate it annually. We’ve got a view of the value creation that’s embedded in each piece of the portfolio. But as a multi-industrial, if we were to get an inbound request where the value paid is in excess or equal to the value that we think that we could create then we would have to take a look at it. But right now [Technical Difficulty] that we’re actively looking at.
Richard Tobin: It depends, Deane. We have not been aggressive on re-pricing a backlog, because we take seriously our commitment when we accept an order that we accept to deliver against those commercial terms. But having said that, we have been sequentially moving on price primarily because of raw materials not so much due to labor and supply chain.
