Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s fourth quarter earnings call. As Jackie said, with me today are Bob Livingston, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s fourth quarter and full year operating and financial performance, and follow with our outlook for 2012. We will then open up the call for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through February 8th, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 1800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 42636854. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Bob. At this point, I’d just like to remind everybody that if you can limit to one question with a follow-up, we’ll be able -- we’ll be better able to answer everybody’s question. So, with that, Jackie, let’s have the first question.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Jackie, this concludes our conference call, and with that, as always I’d like to thank you for your continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Thanks a lot and have a good day. Bye. 
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Our solid fourth quarter capped off a record year in revenue and earnings, as we posted quarterly revenue growth 15%, including organic growth of 6%. This growth enabled us to deliver fourth quarter adjusted EPS of $1.07, a 19% improvement over the prior year. In our Energy segment, we continue to see strength across all end markets especially production-related activity. Market dynamics, including the shift from gas to oil drilling remained very solid for us and we anticipate this strength continuing well into 2012. Within our Engineered Systems segment, our refrigeration and food equipment businesses continued to execute extremely well, driven by market leading technology and customer focus. We were pleasantly surprised with the strength of fourth quarter bookings in refrigeration and begin 2012 well-positioned to deliver another outstanding year. Fluids and our other industrial businesses also performed very well. The fluids performance was driven by significant investment we’ve made throughout the year and product development and growth in emerging markets. At our Communication Technologies segment we saw extremely strong MEMS microphone activity, as well as solid life science and commercial aerospace markets. We expect the handset market to show high single-digit growth in 2012 with smartphone growth rate much higher. Within our Printing & Identification segment, I’m encouraged by the actions taken by our Markem-Imaje team to deliver new products and expand our global sales and marketing activities. Our customers have responded very favorably to our new printers which are for broader market and application coverage than the prior generation. These investments in product and resources will drive even better growth in the coming year. These strong performances helped offset continued fourth quarter headwinds in alternative energy and semi-con markets and weakness in telecom infrastructure markets. Despite these headwinds and general economic softness in Europe, we finished the year with the book-to-bill of 1, illustrating the depth and the resilience of our business mix. I feel we are well-positioned as we enter 2012. For the full year of 2011, we achieved record revenue of $8 billion, up 20%, including organic growth of 11% and acquisition growth of 7%. Segment earnings were also a record, up 18%. Full year margin were 17%, a very strong result considering we absorbed over $30 million in deal cost and a significant increase in acquisition amortization. In addition to revenue and earnings, we set full year record for EPS and free cash flow. We also increase our dividend for the 56-consecutive-year. During the year we took several important steps to better position Dover for the long-term. We realigned our businesses into a new segment structure to more closely match our five key growth markets. We also divested three businesses which did not fit our long-term strategy. We received over $0.5 billion in proceeds for these businesses and believe we have positively impacted our long-term profile. In 2011, we spent $1.4 billion in acquiring nine businesses, all in our growth spaces. Most notably Harbison-Fischer and Sound Solutions, Harbison-Fischer was a great addition to our Energy segment and delivered a strong year. Our Sound Solutions acquisition was also an exciting deal for us as it expands our products and technology in the handset market. As you know we acquired the business just as it started to ramp new automation and products. The production ramp has been more challenging then originally anticipated impacting us in the short-term. That being said, my enthusiasm around the combination of Knowles Sound Solutions is stronger than ever. Our pipeline remains active and we expect to announce additional deals in the next three to four months. In summary, I’m pleased, actually proud of our 2011 achievements and results, and believe we are well-positioned as we enter 2012. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Brad. We had an outstanding 2011 and we expect to grow revenue and earnings nicely in 2012. As we start the year, we believe energy will continue to perform at a high level as will fluids, refrigeration and food equipment and most of our other industrial markets. We also expect the handset market to be very strong, which should help drive significant demand for our MEMS microphones and acoustic products. I firmly believe we had the right organization and team in place and are serving the right markets. Our focus on customers, technology and higher growth applications in economies should enable us to deliver another fine year to our shareholders. In closing, I’d like to personally thank our employees, customers and suppliers for their strong contributions and support in making 2011 a great success for Dover. I look forward to their continued contributions in the coming year. Okay. Paul, let’s take some questions.
Bob Livingston: Well, I’m not sure we feel like we’re ramping M&A. M&A is actually quite active right now, but it was in the second half of the year following the Sound Solutions acquisition as well. We just didn’t close too many deals in the second half. As I commented in my opening comments, I would expect to announce three to four acquisitions or some acquisitions in the next three to four months, but it is currently active.
Bob Livingston: Okay. Well, let’s, on key assumptions, I guess, you’d start with rig count. And 2012, our assumptions and forecast do assume a very modest single-digit increase in rig count over the year-end number and Julian, I think our modeling is 3% or 4% increase in rig count in 2012 over the year end number, but it is interesting when you look at that number for 2012 against the average for 2011, it’s about a 10% increase year-over-year comps on rig count deployment. We do -- we have been seeing this for -- goodness for the past year. The switch from less gas to more oil on the rig deployment, the announcements in the last couple of weeks that you refer to, I think would encourage that shift even more and I have to tell you that sort of plays to our favor.
Bob Livingston: Well, the bookings have stabilized and to give you a little bit more color on that, I would tell you that for not just for sending in solar, but for all of the electronics activity in that segment. Our 2012 assumption is that we’re going to have revenue that’s about equal to the second half of 2011 annualized.
Bob Livingston: So even -- but even with the stabilization that we’re saying in the market activity, we have been taking some fixed cost out of this business during the second half of 2011 and we have more actions plans in the first half of 2012 as well.
Bob Livingston: A lot of it all. We -- number one, we do have a strong business base in Europe. John, our business in Europe, you could actually split it into two pieces. We did see some softness in Europe end of fourth quarter. It was without any exceptions. It was restricted to Southern Europe.John Inch – Bank of America: Yeah.
Bob Livingston: John, it would be quite direct about it. We have no current plans for divestiture activity that we’re currently working on, but I will repeat what I said at Dover Day and I’ve said this before. I think you’ll see us continue to sort of tweak the portfolio this year, next year, the year after when we believe timing is right and there’s a different, better owner for a business than Dover.John Inch – Bank of America: Thank you.
Bob Livingston: But I wouldn’t expect anything major like we did in 2011.John Inch – Bank of America: Yeah. That’s seems clear. Thanks very much.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So there’s two questions there. So let me give you a little bit of color on the markets for Energy, drilling, production and downstream. And drilling we -- because of the -- I call it the tapering off of the growth rate and the rig count deployment for drilling growth in 2012. We’re looking at mid single-digit growth in drilling next year, 6% to 7% and downstream and production, low double digits. So that gives you a little bit of color on the markets. Your question on why the shift to oil favors us. Well, to be rather -- to be better rather frank about it, on a typical gas well to bring it in production, we will get maybe $10 or $12,000 of revenue per completed gas well on an oil well or a liquid-rich well. It’s about $50,000. We just have more product content.
Bob Livingston: Oh! Goodness. Production is about half of the Energy business. Downstream and drilling obviously the balance and the balance is probably split 55,45 in favor of downstream.
Bob Livingston: Well, I wish I could sit here and tell you that the market is booming. But that’s not what we’re seeing and that wasn’t what was behind the fourth quarter strength. In fact, Jeff, I would tell you, we went through the fourth quarter and saw the bookings coming in a little bit stronger than we had anticipated. I have tell you our initial response is we were probably seeing some pull-forward order activity from the first quarter to the fourth quarter and that’s always a bit difficult to predict anyway, the fourth quarter bookings. So that was sort that our consensus as we were chatting with you at Dover Day. I have to tell you as we, January is not over but we’re three weeks into the New Year and bookings activity at Hill PHOENIX is remaining fairly strong. I think there is some share gain that Hill PHOENIX is capturing and we are seeing a rather significant increase in opportunity for Hill PHOENIX in Canada and Mexico.
Bob Livingston: Jeff, don’t ignore the acquisition that we just completed here for this business and I think it was in November. I think we’ve got about, gosh, we’ve got about $30 million of revenue…
Bob Livingston: Well, it ends up being deal specific like it always is, if we can close on a couple or three deals here in the next three to four months, obviously the timing of that early in the year gives you the opportunity to have a little bit of opportunity for EPS accretion. But at the same time, each deal is going to be unique with respect to the integration cost and some of the upfront costs to bring in the business ended over. Let us announce the deals and we’ll give you some guidance as we make the deals.
Bob Livingston: And let me clarify that. What Brad refers to the mix issue in the fourth quarter? Printer sales were a little bit higher percentage of revenue for Markem-Imaje in the fourth quarter than consumables and I think that reflects the sort of the surge that the guys are seeing with the take-up of the new product offerings.
Bob Livingston: I would label that still a work in process. They asked me that question a year from now and I’d like to be able to answer, yeah.
Bob Livingston: Okay. Your first question was around book-to-bill for the fourth quarter and actually, Rob, I would label the fourth quarter of 2011 to be more normal and the fourth quarter of ‘10 to have been a bit of an aberration. You do typically, especially in the handset business. You will typically see the reduction. You will see a very, very strong order flow in production through mid-November, sometimes through the end of November, sometimes into the middle of December. But typically, December is normally a fairly weak order month for the cell phone guys. And that holds true through Chinese New Year.Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Okay.
Bob Livingston: That’s true. I would also tell you that we’re probably seeing the opportunity for a little bit more growth at Knowles this year than maybe we shared with you at Dover Day. And when we look at Sound Solutions, I think the guys sitting around me would tell you I’m being conservative, but I have -- we have backed off the Sound Solutions revenue forecast for 2012 or for Sound Solutions by about, I think it’s about $15 million.Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Okay.
Bob Livingston: And I’m sitting here now, I would, if you’re looking for any upside opportunities to our guidance…Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Yeah.
Bob Livingston: Well, I don’t look at it that way. So I don’t have that detail in front of me but it, from a revenue perspective, I’m not sure I can equate it directly to EPS. Forget organic and comps, I would tell you that when we look at revenue for 2012, about $4.2 billion in the first half of ‘12 and about $4.4, $4.45 number in the second, so the second half is a little bit better than the first half. But, yeah, I’m not sure I would label that as unusual.Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird:  Okay. All right. Thanks Bob. 
Bob Livingston: Okay. Well, you look at the whole segment, Steve, well, obviously you know this as well as everyone else that it’s not all handsets, but when you look at the major markets that we’re serving within the segment and I can’t break this out between organic and acquisition, but the area that is down in 2012 is telecom and some other small applications, and that represents about $200 million of revenue for this segment and it’s down 14% in ‘12. All other segments that we’re serving, we’re showing growth from very, very modest low single-digit on military and I know that seems odd but we actually have line of sight on some growth in military, but it’s very low single-digit. Aerospace and industrial markets we’re seeing growth of 9% to 10% in ‘12, life sciences mid single-digits, by 5% to 6%, and obviously, the bulk of the growth is our handset business. 
Bob Livingston: Fourth quarter comps against the fourth quarter of ‘10, life sciences was down slightly you know like maybe 3% or 4% year-over-year, military was off slightly, again, 3% or 4% year-over-year, aerospace, industrial was actually up nicely. What was it Brad, 25%, 30% growth in the fourth quarter and everything else was handsets. Actually telecom was down slightly, I think 2% or 3% in the fourth quarter. 
Bob Livingston: No. I think I would label the guidance at DES to be quite reflective of what we were seeing in the final three or four months of 2011 and we probably got two segments that I would say we’re baking in a little bit conservatism with respect to Europe, those two segments being Printing & Identification and DES. 
Bob Livingston: The only difference between what we’ve been sharing over the last couple of calls, and our guidance and outlook for 2012 is about a $15 million reduction and how we look at Sound Solutions revenue opportunity in ‘12 and as I said earlier, it’s all round Nokia. 
Bob Livingston: I don’t like the word bundling, but it sure does help on cross selling. In fact, I would tell you that it is interesting when you look the target opportunities and revenue opportunities for Knowles. In the MEMS business in 2012, we’ve added two customers for 2012 that we did not have prior to Sound Solutions and the cross-selling has been a result of Sound Solutions. 
Bob Livingston: I would label the bulk of the improvement – just the elimination if you want to call it that of some of the deal cost we incurred in the third quarter. In fact, I commented about some of the production ramp up cost. I will confess that the yields in the fourth quarter at Sound Solutions weren’t much better than they were in our third quarter and that’s a challenge we’re going to continue to struggle with as I commented earlier going into the first quarter until we can get the automation completely online and that’s going to be late this quarter and into the mid of the second quarter before that project is complete. 
Bob Livingston: Let’s see, there are schedule Nigel. The first one is actually up and running now. The second line is being tested and prepared for handoff to manufacturing as we speak and it’s probably in total about a five or six week process to complete that transition. The third automation line, I don’t think it goes into the factory until early March and that’s why I say it’ll be well into the second quarter before that one is complete. 
Brad Cerepak: We did close three small deals in the fourth quarter into the early part of January. But they were relatively small.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah. I think I would just say, I think you understand the sales well. You articulated that correctly, little bit changed there, not much. With respect to margin expectations at Dover Day there’s really no major changes. I would say, the minor things I would say is we would expect DE and DES to be a bit stronger than what we’ve said at Dover Day and DPI maybe a little bit less. And your observation is correct, I think total segment margin expansion is probably, we said 40 to 70 basis points. We’re probably 10 off on that range at this stage. It’s not much. Not much change is the way I would think about it.
Brad Cerepak: Well, yeah, I would agree with that, Bob. I think they’re minor and they do reflect -- they do principally reflect a little bit of investment and we saw a little bit of a mix in the fourth quarter as well that work a little bit of against Markem-Imaje, but nothing significant and nothing permanent.
Brad Cerepak: I would say we’re not guiding down on that full year number for 2012. As Bob said, if you think about where we were last time on this call to where we are now maybe $15 million guide down, but the number remains substantially unchanged and a lot higher than the number you’re talking about. 
Brad Cerepak: Well, there’s a lot more to do and we continue to work on it. I would say we still expect more incremental impact in 2012 on our supply chain efforts, and I would say that that number is pretty much – the incremental is pretty much in line with what we achieved in 2011. So, we continue to see good opportunities there. We’re working on lot of other areas including efforts around our IT infrastructure and as well as we’re in a very early days of taking look at some back office opportunities. And you’ll perhaps see that unfold a little bit as we get later into 2012 about things that we can expect to achieve in the back office and to IT, but that’s an area that up to now Dover hasn’t spend a lot of time working on. It’s the natural progression coming off of our supply chain efforts in centralization. 
Brad Cerepak: Number one, I don’t think we’ve had a capacity constraint issue that has led to a position where we have not been able to satisfy or support a customer in the way they wanted us to support them. So let’s be sure about that. This is a pretty large market, it’s becoming a larger market and it would – as much as we would like to say, we’re the only one in the market, this is something we’ve known is going to be happening ever since we acquire the business in 2005. It was interesting, someone asked earlier about the assumptions around Energy – let me tell you the assumptions around MEMS for this year and next year, number one, we still believe there’s going to be significant MEMS encroachment on the old-style audio technology for microphones. We think that’s still has a lot of room to move and that as we see that further encroachment on MEMS technology, we believe we’re going to maintain a very, very high share of the MEMS microphones for the cell phones guys. For the next two to three year, we believe there’s going to be continued growth in the cell phone market. There will be competition, it’s a big market. 
Brad Cerepak: High level I would say the volumes, because the Chinese New Year are down, down off of the fourth quarter and therefore we would expect the margins to follow suit. We don’t give specific guidance, but that would be a normal pattern I would expect. 
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Hey, Bob. I wonder if we just make sure we get the complete list of kind of what changed in your thinking about the 2012 Mosaic versus Dover Day. It looks like the Communication Technologies organic has gone up a bit, the acquisition growth down a bit. You talked about the ramp issues on Sound Solutions, presumably the Comtech is just the handset view that you have. And then has anything really changed around your segment margin expansion expectations of 40 to 70, it looks like maybe that came down a little bit, but maybe you can complete that list for us.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Helpful. And Bob, can you explain more why this shift from gas to oil is a positive -- is a net positive for Dover and in that context, the 8% to 10% organic is kind of in line with that rig count forecast you have and you’ve been outgrowing the rig count in a couple years past. So let me just square those up.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And maybe Bob you could help us with the rough percent split of business as you see it now between drilling, production and downstream.
