Robert Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Before I get to our third quarter results, I’d like to share a few observations on the macro environment during the quarter. During our last quarterly call, we discussed the significant decline we had experienced in Europe and moderating activity in China. We also saw North American markets as mostly stable. Ninety days later, I would say these trends are generally continuing. Europe has remained at a low level, though the weakness is broader-based than last quarter. China has weakened, especially with respect to the electronics markets. The bright spot this quarter again was U.S. industrial activity. In summary, these conditions result in moderately slower global growth rates as we enter the fourth quarter. Now some comments on our third quarter results. We posted revenue of 2.2 billion in the quarter, an increase of 3%. Our third quarter EPS of $1.32 was an 11% improvement over the prior year, largely driven by strong leverage on volume. In our energy segment, expanding production activity and strong downstream investments in distribution and retail fueling are among the trends that drove excellent business results in the quarter. Our drilling results were impacted by the lower year-over-year North American rig count, though rig count did increase sequentially. Overall, energy’s performance was characterized by continuing growth and strong margins. We expect these trends to continue in the fourth quarter. At our communication technology segment, several handset OEMs launched new products towards the end of the quarter, which drove solid sequential results. Our MEMS activity was very strong, reflecting the breadth of our OEM coverage and the benefits of multiple design wins. The challenges at Sound Solutions led to lower revenue than expected. This along with normal seasonality in the handset market will continue to impact results through year-end. While I was disappointed with our performance at Sound Solutions, we continued to work through significant business transitions and are making substantial progress. I firmly believe we will make further progress in this important business in the coming months. Within our engineered systems segment, refrigeration and food equipment markets remain quite solid and our business performance was strong. Regarding our fluids platform, markets remain much the same as last quarter, highlighted by the excellent results of recent acquisitions. We expect the segment’s fourth quarter results to reflect the normal seasonality of our refrigeration markets and slightly moderating macro growth trends. Within our printing and identification segment, strong organic growth in our fast-moving consumer goods market, along with the benefits of our second quarter restructuring, helped drive solid margin performance. The China electronics equipment market weakened through the quarter and was below our prior expectations. We believe this trend will continue and now project this segment’s performance to be lower in the fourth quarter. Overall, the strong market positions of our businesses and productivity initiatives enabled us to deliver third quarter segment margin of 18%.  During the quarter, our acquisition pipeline developed nicely and we have several deals that have matured and are actionable. I remain bullish on our five growth spaces and am enthusiastic with the strategic add-ons in our pipeline. In summary, the majority of our businesses performed very well. I am quite pleased with our third quarter results and the responsiveness of our businesses. As we enter the fourth quarter, the softening global economy, especially impacting electronics, and lower volumes at Sound Solutions result in an outlook that is less than we expected at the beginning of the third quarter. We remain focused on our growth initiatives and investments, select restructuring activities, and the pursuit of strategic acquisition opportunities, all of which will help deliver further earnings gains in 2013. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As I mentioned earlier, I am very pleased with our third quarter performance. We delivered strong earnings growth in a tough environment. This is a testament to the strength of our businesses and the responsiveness of our leadership teams across the company.  As Brad just mentioned, our fourth quarter outlook has been reduced. I expect a few of our highlights for the quarter to be further progress at Sound Solutions, continuing strong gains in our MEMS business, continued strength in energy, and a continuation of our focus on cost reduction via select restructuring activities. Our reduced guidance does not change my conviction on the long-term growth opportunities before us. Looking ahead to 2013, I remain confident in the positions we hold in our five key growth spaces. Our focus in energy, fluids, refrigeration and food equipment, product identification and communication components offer us substantial growth opportunities. I look forward to sharing specific details regarding 2013 at our investor day conference in New York on December 10. In closing, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for their hard work and dedication. Their focus on serving customers and achieving results will continue to drive Dover’s success. With that, Paul, let’s take some questions.
Robert Livingston: All right. So let me back up to about 15 months ago and just highlight what I would label as the three primary objectives we had as we entered the third quarter right after the acquisition of Sound Solutions. We knew we were dealing with the significant change in the marketplace with Nokia and a couple of other OEMs, but objective number one was aggressively pursued design wins with new OEMs. I would say objective number two sort of goes to the heart of your question, which was a significant manufacturing transition in the Beijing operation with a focus on the high-flex automation. And the third objective would be to work the new designs quickly to drive yield improvements and volume.  Shannon, the execution on all three of these objectives has been slower than I expected, slower than we expected, and it has been disappointing. Your question about the capability we have both in Vienna as well as the Knowles team is true. In fact, as we exited the second quarter, early part of the third quarter, we did start to make some management transitions in Beijing; in fact, the general manager of Beijing now, the operations manager, I think the quality manager and probably about five other key leadership positions have been changed since the end of the second quarter with Knowles China personnel taking over responsibility for these positions. So now let’s comment on the third quarter. I think we’ve learned a lot in the first six months of this year. I think those learnings, along with the management transitions that we started to make at the end of the second quarter and into the early part of the third quarter, we have seen some progress. On the high-flex lines, we like what we have and we feel we made the right decision. We’ve had lots of learning between Line 1 and where we are today, but I would also label that this high-flex automation objective as no longer a challenge. Our yields continue to improve. We had significant during the third quarter, more in the latter part of the third quarter than we did in the early part, and we will continue to make more progress in the fourth quarter. The volume has been lower than expected, but I also expect it to continue to increase. Shannon, I’d share one further comment, and it has less to do about performance and more to do with sort of the outlook for this business. As focused as we have been in the last six months on bringing up the high-flex automation and improving our yields, we are already working on several new designs for 2013 OEM product launches; and actually, a couple of the key designs are actually scheduled for first quarter qualification tests, and we’re on schedule.
Robert Livingston: I’ll take that question. Again, I think at the price and the multiple on our stock right now, we find it very attractive; and therefore in the quarter, we did go ahead, as we’ve been saying, and buyback ahead of dilution more so than we did even last year. That’s obvious at 4.3 million shares purchased. I would say we continue to make an assessment of what’s in our deal pipeline all the time and the price of our stock. At this time, though, I would say we would expect to continue with some modest share repurchases into the fourth quarter. We like what we’ve done in the second quarter and I think we’ll continue to do that.
Robert Livingston: We are there now, Charlie. The yields on the new designs that we’ve been focused on bringing into production and the ramp over the last three or four months are being delivered to the customer. The customer is accepting them and is pleased with the yields, though I would also tell you we have further room for improvement on the yields.
Robert Livingston: No, I actually don’t have the bookings data here for recall, Charlie. I think you go back to the comments that Brad share with you and his comments on the three sectors with respect to revenue. My guess is that the bookings followed pretty closely to the revenue pattern. We didn’t have a lot of distortion in book-to-bill between the three sectors. 
Robert Livingston: No, let’s see. Part of the product activity would have—I’m going to say late August. Late August, we had product going into the customer’s, I call it hub, late August. Everything that we have been able to manufacture, in other words full capacity, what we’ve been able to manufacture and ship into the hub since the end of August on speakers has been pulled and placed into product.
Robert Livingston: Okay, so let me—in case there maybe a misconception here. On our guidance down, Jeff, we’re actually—included in our guidance, we actually have a modest revenue increase in the fourth quarter for Sound Solutions sequentially. 
Robert Livingston: So it’s not a decline. We’ve got a modest increase in revenue in the fourth quarter, and an increase in operating earnings. More importantly, I would say less of a loss, okay? The concern we have in this handset business for the fourth quarter is that December is always such a wildcard. We truly do not have visibility into the month of December on what—we know what the production forecast looks like right now. Our experience has been that December can have some wild movements. 
Robert Livingston: Yeah, still a lot of room for improvement, but if I could add any color to that with respect to, I’ll label it as risk assessment, I actually—when we look at what we have in our guidance for Sound Solutions and the fourth quarter, sitting here now I would tell you that there is—we feel there is very, very little downside.
Robert Livingston: I don’t have monthly book-to-bills. I’m not sure I could share anything else on the order rates. We did have a positive book-to-bill for Sound Solutions in the third quarter. That would be expected, and I would label it as normal. As I said, we are shipping what we can produce, and the customer is pulling it from the hub and it’s going into product.
Robert Livingston: Well, it will continue to improve, John. Our operating results and including in our top end guidance at the high end of the range for Sound Solutions in the fourth quarter is essentially break-even.
Robert Livingston: I would look back to what we did in ’11 to be maybe as a baseline for ’13, which means we would continue to stay above dilution. I think we were a little over 2 million shares in ’11 above dilution. I think that would be a best guess at this point.
Robert Livingston: Well, I’m not going to name names, but let me correct a misstatement. You say we’ve been shut down since Sound Solutions. That’s not true.
Robert Livingston: Yeah, 500, 600 million, and with the two largest ones being Maag Pump that we closed on in March, and PCS that we closed on in April, and I guess Oil Lift was, what, last November or December – something like that, Paul? But to bring the comment forward, the profile of the properties, the businesses that are in the pipeline today, none are as large as Sound Solutions. The bulk of them would probably be in the 50 to $150 million range on evaluation, and let’s see – I’m doing a quick sort of nose count here as we go through this. None of them are in communication technologies. We’ve got a couple of smaller ones that we’re looking at within energy, but it’s mostly to continue our efforts to broaden and complete our artificial lift product portfolio. And I think you’ll see more of a focus over the next year or so around capital allocation within engineered systems and our printing business. And we’ll give you more color on that at Dover Day.
Robert Livingston: Oh no, I do not believe we are dealing with any share loss at Markem-Imaje, I would say, in the last three quarters – in the last two quarters, for sure. 
Robert Livingston: At Markem-Imaje, we feel like we’ve got our stride back at Markem-Imaje, not only with the products and the service rates, but I would also tell you our margins, if they are not back to their historical levels of the past two or three years, they’re within just a few basis points of being there.
Robert Livingston: Well again, I would say it’s all electronics, and even to be more specific it’s probably much, much more weighted towards the semi and the solar part of the portfolio than it is our electronic assembly piece.
Robert Livingston: No, if you’re asking a question, would I take fourth quarter times four and accept that as a good number for ’13, the answer is no. 
Robert Livingston: Yes. I think we have shared this with the investor community in the past if you look at our three sectors in drilling and production and downstream, that we do have higher margins in our drilling activity than we do in production and downstream. Interestingly enough, Nigel, as we enter the fourth quarter, we actually see a bit of a sequential increase in drilling activity over the third quarter. It’s not significant, but we do see a bit of an increase. The third quarter, we did deal with year-over-year declines in rig count deployment, but we also think that what we were experiencing in the third quarter was a little bit of a squeeze out of inventory with our customers and within the channel. We happen to think that’s behind us right now.
Robert Livingston: Well before Brad gets into a number or two, I would tell you that probably the thing from my perspective that affects that the most is lower volume.
Robert Livingston: It would be mostly Europe, though let’s not ignore this – we are seeing some, call it weakening of the growth rate in China, and it is showing up in some of our businesses and it does affect this industrial piece.
Robert Livingston: Oh, coming into the year? No, I think it still may have been closer to 50% at the beginning of the year.
Robert Livingston: Well number one, I’ll agree with you – it is a wide range, and we spent a lot of time talking about this and debating this, as you would normally expect us to narrow that to a nickel. Let me give you some color. I will tell you that as we sit here today, we clearly are focused on achieving and hitting the top end of the range with respect to EPS. That is our target and that is our goal. As we came through the third quarter, September bookings were the lightest month of the quarter, and I don’t think it was an aberration. September bookings was the lightest month of the quarter, and that statement is true for three of our four segments, the one exception being communication technologies. That gives us a little bit of a pause and, I call it, increases the uncertainty level as we come into the fourth quarter. I’ve got a very short data point for you, and that’s after the first two weeks of this quarter, after the first two weeks of October, the order rates and activity would have us comfortable with a minimum of the midrange of our revenue guidance. So why do we have this sort of, you know, someone could say conservative safety net at the bottom end of the range? Part of that is the uncertainty we have around the month of December with respect to our handset business.  A couple of other points I would share with you is we exited the third quarter, if not with a record backlog, pretty darn close to it at Hill Phoenix. And the interesting characteristic on that backlog is a much higher percentage of their third quarter ending backlog is actually scheduled for first quarter delivery, enough so that it actually appears odd. And we have a little bit of a concern that there could be some further push-outs from the fourth quarter into the first quarter. Nothing has been signaled in the last two weeks; we just have a little bit of an elevated concern. And the third one, I would just say some unease and uncertainty around the macro environment in the fourth quarter.Mike Wherly – Janney Capital Markets: Okay, thanks for that color. That helps a lot. 
Robert Livingston: Don’t lose track of my first two comments. From an earnings perspective, we are clearly targeted and focused on delivering the top end of the range.
Robert Livingston: Okay, so help me here, Brad. I think at the top end of our range, what we have in for that segment is actually a little bit better than flat. I think it’s 1% growth in the fourth quarter year-over-year, and I don’t know—I can’t recall what the margin trend looks like.
Robert Livingston: Well, you have to look at some of the parts. It is not unusual for Hill Phoenix to see September as their weakest order month of the quarter, simply because their business activity tends to soften a bit in the latter part of the year versus the first part of the year. But when you pull Hill Phoenix out of the order book and look at everything else, you typically don’t see a decline in September order rates versus July and August, and we did. As I said before, we did in three of the four segments. I’m not talking about a large number, but it was enough of a pattern there that it was noticeable.
Brad Cerepak: This is modest now. This is, you know, mid-single digits growth sequentially. And again, I would say where we were 90 days ago as to where we are today, we are shipping, as Bob has indicated. We are booking revenue, and we have line of sight now on where we are in Sound Solutions. But a lot of room for improvement.
Brad Cerepak: Okay, no I think—it is, the bulk of it is Sound Solutions. It has a lot to do with this change in the revenue line. You’ll recall coming out of the second quarter, we were looking at sequential growth at Sound Solutions of between 20 and 25%. Our sequential growth going out of the second quarter into the third on Sound Solutions was very modest at around 6%. We see modest again into the fourth quarter. That volume reduction is very, very significant, especially with respect to the cost structure of Sound Solutions. They incrementally convert very, very high on the upside and likewise on the downside, and so that impact is entirely related to our expectations going out of the second—in the second quarter, what we expected in the second half for Sound Solutions.
Brad Cerepak: Well, I would say it’s really two things. It is tightening up a little bit around what I call pure discretionary spend – you know, the normal things you would expect in that bucket called travel and other types of consultant-type expenses. But fundamentally, the downward adjustment in our investment and compensation is compensation. It’s reflective of what our current guidance is now at versus where we were just 90 days ago.
Brad Cerepak: Well, our current view is it’s about 2% impact for total Dover for the whole year, and I think we were at 2% or so in the third quarter. I don’t see any real change in trajectory on that.
Brad Cerepak: And that really is it – it’s lower absorption on lower volume. That’s the only thing driving it. Our productivity efforts inside Dover actually have continued to accelerate in terms of the actual project work we’re doing in productivity to take cost out, and as Bob indicated, we continue to do what I would call very selective incremental restructurings which are a little bit more broad-based in the third quarter. What I mean by that is it’s across all of our segments, including DCT and others, and we continue to look for opportunities to take cost out. Those costs actually—we put those costs, we characterize those costs included in that number as well. So it’s a little bit of that, but mostly absorption on lower volume.
Brad Cerepak: Well, I would just add on the margin trends for that segment and our other segments is that they’re going to follow pretty much the historical pattern for three of the four. DCT will be different, but I would expect DPI to come down slightly in the margin in Q4 based, really, on just mix of the business.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. I would say our working capital, generally speaking, was a little bit higher than we normally would have expected at this time of the year. I think it came in roughly—our calculation comes in at about 20%, and normally we’re between 18 and 19 at this stage. So a lot of that is just timing, timing on collections of receivables and timing of some of the payables. The payables are linked to our CAPEX spend, so you will see a little bit of abnormal-type move in payables, but nothing significant there. Our focus is to continue to execute on working capital in the fourth quarter, and our expectations are we’ll bring that back to our historical 18 to 19% level.
Scott Davis – Barclays: Hi, good morning guys. This is the first time in a couple quarters you really talked about M&A picking up, and I guess things have been kind of shut down since Sound Solutions. Is there a sense of the size range and the type of deals that you’re looking at, meaning are we focused mostly on kind of non-com tech stuff, or is there a continued build-out of your technology capabilities? I mean, just give us a little bit of sense. Obviously I know you can’t name names, but give us a sense of the type of stuff you’re looking at.
Scott Davis – Barclays: Sure, I understand. My follow-up question is on printing and ID. When you think about electronics, obviously slowed down markedly for you guys. I mean, is it share changes kind of stopped here, or have you lost—you know, accentuating kind of that decline is maybe some share shift.
Scott Davis – Barclays: So down 20, just to follow up—I apologize for the follow-up, but down 20 is a much bigger number than we’ve seen historically in any of these sub-segments. I mean, is there some sort of inventory de-stock that’s occurred or something that kind of explains this? I mean, I’m having a tough time picturing that end market at the OE side being—you know, production being down a full 20.
