Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. I was pleased with our second quarter results, which were highlighted by solid revenue and strong bookings growth, reflecting the continued momentum across the majority of our businesses. Most notably, Fluids delivered 12% growth and Engineered Systems grew 9%. In all, we generated 6% revenue growth and grew EPS 14%. From a geographic perspective, U.S., Europe and Asia all showed solid organic growth year-over-year. Conversely, Latin America and Brazil activity was softer over that same period. Now, let me share some specific comments on the quarter. In Energy, we continued to benefit from improving well activity and an increased rig count, primarily in our core production and drilling markets. Our bearings and compression revenue was impacted by lower OEM build rates. However, bookings were quite strong, setting us up well for the balance of the year. Within Engineered Systems, we saw strong growth across both platforms. In Printing and Identification growth in both our fast moving consumer goods and industrial markets complemented by acquisitions, resulted in strong performance. The industrial platform also saw broad-based revenue growth led by outstanding results in both environmental solutions and vehicle services.  Our fluid segment performed well, where generally healthy market conditions for both pumps and fluid transfer products complemented by recent acquisitions, resulted in solid revenue growth. Our pumps businesses are benefitting from strong demand and the specialty chemicals vertical while fluid transfer is seeing continued strength driven by increased regulatory activity.  Our refrigeration and food equipment results were generally solid in the second quarter led by strong growth in food equipment. Our quarter two refrigeration results were modestly impacted by the timing of shipments as we completed the transition to our new Atlanta manufacturing center. We expect revenue to accelerate in the third quarter driven by strong bookings and backlog in refrigeration.  In all, we were pleased with the first half and are positioned well to deliver solid full year results. Business activity in our largest markets continues to be strong as evidence by our bookings and backlog. We also continued to execute on our core productivity and growth strategies in the quarter. Notably, we’ve completed the move to our new consolidated manufacturing facilities in Houston and Atlanta. These facilities not only improve manufacturing efficiency, but we also believe our customer service capabilities will be enhanced.  Our acquisition pipeline developed nicely in the quarter. I feel confident we will be able to close several deals that expand our product offerings in served markets, especially within fluids and energy. Regarding our near term business activity, we expect ongoing strong performance in energy, driven by the increased North America well activity, continued growth in Engineered Systems driven by solid U.S industrial trends and global growth in Printing and Identification, strong results in our fluid market on the benefits of our recent acquisitions, and generally healthy end markets and improved sequential results in our refrigeration business. In summary, the combination of a strong first half, robust bookings and a growing backlog and our positioning with customers gives me confidence to raise our full year EPS guidance.  With that, let me turn it over to Brad. 
Bob Livingston: Thanks Brad. Overall, I am pleased with our first half performance. We delivered solid revenue and earnings growth and also saw strong order activity. We are executing well and are well positioned for continued success driven by strong dynamics in each segment. Within energy we expect a strong growth in North American well activity to continue. This growth, combined with our global initiatives, including the potential for additional Australian project business, positions us very well into the second half of the year and beyond. In Engineered Systems, growing global applications for our printing and identification technology, including the emerging textile market provides higher growth opportunities. Within our industrial markets, our customers’ desire for productivity solutions, offer significant growth prospects. Within Fluids, increasing regulations regarding vapor recovery and the safe transport of chemicals and fuels affords a strong business climate for our fluid transfer businesses. Additionally our pumps business is benefiting from strong plastics and petrol chemical markets.  Finally, in refrigeration and food equipment, we continue to focus on the ongoing needs of our customers for productivity and energy efficient solutions. In addition, we’re continually working to help them drive same store sales growth through our innovative merchandising systems. We expect to outperform market again, driven by market leading products and solutions. In all, the future remains extremely bright for Dover and I am very confident about our positioning and long-term growth prospects. In closing, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results.  With that Paul, let’s take a few questions.
Bob Livingston: Your specific question is what should we be concerned about with respect to productivity and margins in the second half or was it …?Andrew Obin – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. I guess the question is, if I look at the strong book-to-bill, if I look at the fact that (inaudible) -- for the second half of the year on margin. 
Bob Livingston: I think the guidance or the comment that Brad shared with you that margins for the year we still look to them to be about 18%, I actually feel pretty darn comfortable with that about 18% number. That doesn’t – I’m not going to sit here and give you a specific guidance that it’s 17.9% or 18.1%, but right now we feel pretty darn comfortable with the 18% number. The growth rate in the second half, organic growth rate for Dover overall should be up a bit versus the first half. We are seeing some pretty positive dynamics across the board in all four segments. Goodness, we could revisit each one of the segments and talk about it, but I think we sit here and look at the second half and feel like it’s strongly within our grasp to just execute.
Bob Livingston: Yeah, you’re right. I opened the year with a little bit of guidance saying $500 million to $1billion in acquisition spend. I think it was -- by the time we got into April and May, I was sharing with you that that number could be closer to $500 million than a $1billion. Without sounding too positive, I would tell you today on an update that it's probably closer to the midpoint. Yeah, it's always difficult to predict an acquisition until we actually close on it. The profile hasn’t changed any from what I've shared with the analysts and investors earlier. There’s nothing that I would label as large in our pipeline. Anything from as small as $10 million to $400 million, that’s there we are. 
Bob Livingston: Okay. It was fairly broad-based. I would point and I think Brad commented on this with respect to refrigeration and I commented on it in my opening comments. All of Latin and South America has been rather soft here in the second quarter across the board for Dover. That didn’t escape MI, Markem Imaje as well. But when you look at our activity in the U.S, our activity in Europe and in Asia, the team is doing quite well. I think it's sustainable. We’re showing very strong positive organic growth for the second half of the year. We’ve got new products being launched in the second half of the year as well. 
Bob Livingston: I don’t want to say never ever but it clearly isn’t in our planning or thinking as we sit here today. 
Bob Livingston: And a fair amount of our acquisition spend over the last 18 months has been outside of the U.S. I think seven of our last 10 or 11 acquisitions have been outside of the US. 
Bob Livingston: I don’t think there is anything different going on. We continue and I think I’ve commented on this at least once this year -- we continue to make our investments for supporting our geo mix, growth especially in the Middle East and in Southeast Asia and in Australia. We are at a low point rate now in our Australia activity with respect to energy Low point in sales ...
Bob Livingston: No. I would say our activity in Europe was again pretty solid across the board for Dover businesses. Generally speaking June was the best month for us in the quarter. 
Bob Livingston: Was that the question? We continue to see growth in Asia both organic as well as what we are reporting as acquisition activity, John. The recent acquisition we made earlier in the year of MS Printing does -- they do ship a fair amount of their systems into Asia. That said I will tell that the growth rate, the activity for Markem Imaje, specific to Markem Imaje, the activity in China specifically was not as strong in the second quarter as perhaps what we’ve seen over the last two or three quarters. But I think I have signaled that a couple of times here in the last two or three months. 
Bob Livingston: Well, when you look at the number for Dover for China, to get a real sense of that, you’ve sort of got to pull out the lumpiness that we do experience in our food equipment business specific to Belvac and their project shipments into China. But I think all in for China, what was our growth rate? It was mid-teens in China for the second quarter.
Bob Livingston: I’m not -- let me give you a highlight. I’m not concerned about our activity in China. I know there’s been a little bit of a slowdown that we’ve all been experiencing in China over the past couple or three quarters. I don’t label it as a problem. It has been a little bit -- for the core activities, it’s been a little bit slower in the second quarter than perhaps it was a year ago. But our businesses are doing quite well in China.
Bob Livingston: Okay, so let me respond to activity. Your first part was activity in the Middle East. Our activity there continues to expand. Perhaps, I don’t have this exact comparison, but my sense is John that our activity in the Middle East is probably at pace or a bit ahead of pace of our investment rate of change in the Middle East. The second part of your question was with respect to customers. It’s interesting that when you’ve read the headlines over the last three or four months with respect to some of the larger oil and gas customers pulling back from either the Middle East or maybe some larger projects around the world and a little bit more focus per se on the opportunities in North America, I think we’ve seen that. On one data point we’d seen that with respect to the increased rig count and well activity here this year. But that whole backing CapEx, I will tell you I happen to think it’s a little bit of the phenomenon behind the slowness or the deferrals we’ve seen in our bearings and compression business activity. 
Bob Livingston: I know -- this is Bob and I know that part of our backlog in fluids is dated into ‘15 and it’s really related to a couple of our more recent acquisitions, the MOG acquisition that was completed about two years ago and then the Finder acquisition that was completed last fall, which are more systems type of businesses rather than distributed product. Is there a change in our profile? Other than that I’m going to say no. The fluid for the segment organic growth in the second quarter was obviously less than it was in the first quarter and I think when we reported first quarter results we clearly indicated that we had some projects that were shipped in the first quarter, that as we opened the year we actually had them planed for shipment in early second quarter and at customer request we pulled them forward. Organic growth for fluids in the first half was 7%, I think we are going to be real close to that organic growth rate, maybe a little bit less in the second half. We will always see a little bit of the lumpiness due to the project nature of the business model we have at MOG and at Finder. Both businesses are doing well with the customers and both businesses are growing. 
Bob Livingston: I think you may be overthinking it, Nigel. We can define a pipeline and Brad and I, internally we review this weekly what our status is and status changes. I would tell you that we are moving forward on an acquisition opportunity today that three months ago I would have told you it’s probably not going to happen until 2015. It’s not a new target. It’s not something that represents a change in our attitude or our pricing discipline. The position with the target changed a bit. So just don’t over think that. I still feel comfortable with the range that I opened the year with, the $500 million to $1 billion. And as I said earlier in the call, maybe today we are closer to that midpoint in that range. 
Bob Livingston: I don’t think you are going to see us do that in the next year or two, Nigel. I think what you do see and we’ve been -- I think we’ve been illustrating this for the past couple of years now and these primary growth spaces that we’ve focused on we continue to push into new adjacencies and to grow our market space and to grow and increase the size of the available market that we can play in. And we think we can have plenty of opportunity to continue to do that for the next couple of years. 
Bob Livingston: The second quarter conversion rate ex acquisition was very, very positive, no doubt about it coming off of first quarter which was reasonably good as well. We are still thinking that the full year conversion on all the volume is in that range of 27% to 28%. So yeah, the incremental is a little bit -- the mix gives you a little bit of stronger conversion. As it relates to changes in the bridge, again I think we’re just typing up a little bit on the volume and the mix. As far as productivity we continue to put considerable focus in this area in order to continue to drive performance and be able to make the investments we’re looking to make. I’d say sitting here today we feel very good about the progress we’ve made on productivity. We’ve got a lot of projects underway that will drive incremental gross productivity for us that’s slightly better than we anticipated early in the year. As far as compensation, I’d say that’s just normal activity or true ups of where we think we’ll be for the year in the compensation.
Bob Livingston: There was a little overlap and the revenue declined. As we said the decline is just a deferral to the third quarter. We didn’t lose any customer orders or anything in our bookings or backlog. It’s in the backlog in essence. It’s about $10 million or so of sales that will move into the third quarter. We had a little overlap of cost both in Houston and both in Atlanta and I’d say that overlap of cost would cost us about a penny in the quarter in total for both of those facilities. But that will diminish now or go to zero in the third quarter.
Bob Livingston: I’d say it’s mostly the same sessional pattern. But if I look at the second quarter the performance was okay, maybe a little bit lower than what we were looking for. But as I said earlier, June was our best month in the quarter and the teams have really – we’re setup nicely now in going into the third quarter so there’s a little bit of carry of working capital. So, on the edges maybe the second half is a little bit higher than we would have expected to going into the year. 
Bob Livingston: Okay, that’s something – you’re going to get some detail now that we don’t release, but we’re happy with the margins. 
Bob Livingston: The book-to-bill for Hill Phoenix and for – especially for Hill Phoenix was very strong in the first quarter as well as it was in the second quarter. It's interesting. Again for Hill Phoenix, because of the way -- I call it the seasonal period builds and runs. That seasonal period being the second and the third quarter combined. Actually you get a better picture when you look at the period rather than the quarters because projects can move from quarter to quarter. If you were to look at the 2014 seasonal period, second and third quarter, versus last year’s seasonal period, I think Hill Phoenix will be up two to three points organically. 
Bob Livingston: We are expressing some caution around Latin America and South America. And I think that’s what you really see reflected in a little bit of the down take on the organic growth rate for the second. 
Bob Livingston: Yeah. We look at -- based upon the first actuals and the second half forecast we see the rig count in the US being up about 6% over 2013.
Bob Livingston: I’m not going to speak to share gains; I would tell you that -- to get a really good feel I probably need to separate some business activity for you, Dean. I’ve commented about our project business in Australia. If you were to separate just – I’m going to give you some data just on artificial lift, not the segment, but just on artificial lift. If you were to pull out the Australia project business and look at artificial lift without it, the revenue growth in the second quarter was about 8%. Bookings were up about 16%. If you were to look at – again doing it for the full year that’s embedded in our revised guidance, you would see artificial lift up 15% or 16%. And bookings up – I’m sorry that would be the bookings about 15% or 16% increase in bookings and low double digit growth in revenue in artificial lift.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So look, there’s more to the segment than just refrigeration. We’ve got a sector we call food equipment. And it’s interesting in the first half of 2014, I think organic growth for food equipment was slightly positive, like two points, even with the headwind we had it in Latin America and here is a point where our position, where we actually see a little bit of a headwind in Eastern Europe and in Russia, but it’s minor. But for this sector, for this little group it’s measurable. The second half of the year we see organic growth in our refrigeration business two or three points, but because of the project activity that I mentioned earlier around Belvac, the second half in food equipment could actually be negative organic growth slightly. And here now is the point on your margins. The food equipment group has higher margins that the refrigeration group does. So what you see in the second half is some increased volume, but you don’t see the margin increments flowing through and it’s all due to product mix between the two sectors.
Brad Cerepak: I guess what I would add, Andrew, is that our first half margin performance into the second half sequentially is going to improve for sure. As we talked about first quarter, we go back to the first quarter, acquisitions impact is about 70 basis points. This quarter it’s about 40 basis points. That starts to diminish as we continue to integrate and bring them on board through the second half where the full year impact is around 30 to 40 basis points. You will see that margin rate first half to second half sequentially improve for us.Andrew Obin – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: And just a follow up question on acquisition pipeline development, you started out the year talking about $500 million to $1 billion. Then you dialed it down. Now you guys are talking about M&A opportunities as well, but what’s the reasonable outcome for the year right now and I guess any color beyond that? Thank you.
Brad Cerepak: Scott, back to the tax rate, we’ve said that we look at our taxes because of our geo mix. As we become more global, we do see a path to below 30%. And that’s where we currently still believe we can get to. We’ll continue to see the benefits of for instance the Markem Imaje growth is very global and it has a lower tax rate associated with it. So I do think we’ll get below 30%. I think we said that by 2016. 
Brad Cerepak: I think that chapter has been pretty well complete. We continued to work on some smaller areas. But as we said in the first quarter I think we brought our corporate cost down quite nicely. We continue to keep the cost associated with the regional centers in the sense of where we’re going to try to grow globally or we are growing globally. I think that chapter is really closed at this point.
