Paul E. Goldberg: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning and welcome to Dover's third quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. And today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's third quarter operating and financial performance and follow with an update of our 2015 outlook. We will then open the call up for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, Form 10-Q, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through November 3, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 1-800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code, 52317274. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.
Paul E. Goldberg: Yeah. Before we have the first question, I'd like to remind everybody, if you can limit yourself to one question with one follow-up, we'll get more questions in, and we have several people in queue right now. So, Laurie, can we please have our first question.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thanks, Laurie. This concludes our conference call. We were very happy to speak to you this morning, and personally thank you for the one question, one follow-up. We got a lot more questions than we normally would. And with that, we'd like to thank you for your continued interest in Dover, and we look forward to speaking to you at our next earnings call. Have a good day. Thank you.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Overall, our third quarter performance was in line with our expectations. Our team aggressively pursued share gains, cost actions and productivity initiatives which helped to mitigate weak global macro conditions. I was pleased we were able to sign agreements to acquire two businesses, JK Group and Gala Industries. These acquisitions are in addition to the previously announced Tokheim deal and are expected to close later this quarter. Each of these companies offer industry-leading products and significantly complement and expand our market positions. Now, let me share some comments on the quarter. We executed well and were able to post solid results. Of note, the sequential rate of decline moderated significantly in our Energy segment while Refrigeration & Food Equipment's results improved sequentially. Engineered Systems and Fluids continued to perform well. Overall, Engineered Systems, Fluids and Refrigeration & Food Equipment all posted the same or improved year-over-year margin on lower volume. From a geographic perspective, excluding our energy exposure and the tough comps in retail refrigeration markets, U.S. industrial activity was solid. Our Asian and European activity slowed on reduced CapEx spending. Now, some specific segment comments. In Energy, markets remained tough. However, I was pleased with our third quarter results as we posted an adjusted segment margin of over 15%, a 3-point sequential improvement. Our teams executed well on actions to drive sales as well as on broad cost reduction activities. As we enter the fourth quarter, we remain focused on winning new business, maintaining appropriate service levels and continuing to look for opportunities to reduce our cost structure. In Engineered Systems, we achieved modest organic growth. Within Printing & Identification, our businesses performed well in North America but were softer in China. European activity slowed partially due to the timing of order activity. In the Industrial platform, modest organic growth was led by solid results in our waste handling business. Our Fluids segment had a solid quarter, led by our business serving the polymers and plastics market. Fluids segment margin performance was again excellent at over 21%. Within our Refrigeration & Food Equipment segment, retail refrigeration results improved sequentially. I am encouraged by some important recent wins for our Hillphoenix business, which should set us up for an improved 2016. Our glass door business again performed well, leveraging their broad customer base and leading technology. Our acquisition pipeline matured nicely in the quarter. And as noted earlier, we have signed agreements for three important acquisitions since our last earnings call, Tokheim, JK and Gala. While all three companies serve different end markets, they all have commonality in that they each complement and expand our presence in key end markets, are highly synergistic and position us to be a more important partner with our customers. In the case of Tokheim, we added leading Dispenser and Systems business to our strong OPW suite of products. Together, we will have the most complete retail fueling solutions available for our customers. With JK, we add a high-growth, market-leading consumable ink business to our already strong digital printing equipment offering. Our customers will benefit from the coordination and technology sharing between JK and MS Solutions. And with Gala, we will broaden our position serving the polymers and plastics markets. The combination of Maag and Gala will allow us to participate in more applications in the plastics manufacturing process and, thus, become an even stronger partner with our customers. In total, we are spending about $1 billion on these three businesses and acquiring about $500 million in 2016 revenue. Excluding acquisition-related costs, we expect about $0.38 accretion in 2016 from these deals on an operating basis. Now, looking to the remainder of the year. Within Energy, we remain cautious and have further adjusted our full year forecast to reflect the recent decline in rig count, as well as softer bearings and compression markets driven by slower OEM build rates. In Engineered Systems, we anticipate modest growth in both platforms in the fourth quarter led by strong results in waste handling and digital printing equipment. Regarding Fluids, though we anticipate growth to slow in the fourth quarter, we expect fluid transfer to remain solid. Overall, we expect to finish the year with segment margin of around 20% driven by the strong focus on cost management and productivity. And finally, within Refrigeration & Food Equipment, we expect normal fourth quarter seasonality off our lower base. However, we do anticipate our glass door, commercial food and can-shaping equipment businesses to perform well. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Brad. Although we have clearly been impacted by difficult market conditions, I am pleased with the way our teams have responded and executed in this environment. We've done an excellent job pursuing revenue opportunities and winning new customers. And we have positioned our company well through aggressive cost management and productivity projects. As I look beyond 2015, I am very excited by the breadth of opportunities across Dover. For example, within Energy, our aggressive pursuit of share gains and expanding our international presence is ongoing as we are currently participating in many foreign tenders. The cost and productivity efforts we have taken throughout the year have permanently reduced the cost structure of the business. Engineered Systems should significantly benefit from their continued focus on productivity, especially the shared service initiative and by their addition of JK. I also believe our waste handling business will continue to post strong order rates. In Fluids, I anticipate continued strong performance largely driven by solid results for our businesses serving the retail fueling and polymers and plastics markets. The results will be nicely complemented by the addition of Tokheim and Gala, respectively. And lastly, within Refrigeration & Food Equipment, expected improved performance for Hillphoenix will be driven by retail refrigeration customer wins and share gains, and continued strong performance by Anthony. Our Food Equipment businesses should also be solid, boosted by the rollout of new products. In closing, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results. Now, Paul, let's take some questions.
Robert A. Livingston: Don't read any – don't read into this, any fundamental shifts. Oh gosh, Julian, I think if you look at maybe the last three years, maybe even four years, you'll see our capital allocation has been pretty evenly split between acquisitions and spending on dividends, as well as share repurchases. In fact, I think it's been about 50/50. I'm not going to comment on guidance for 2016, but I would tell you, if you look at the next couple years or three years, I would not expect the capital allocation profile to be much different than it has been for the last three years or four years.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So, we have increased our restructuring activity here in the second half. You see it in the fourth quarter forecast. I would also add that even with the restructuring that we have included in our forecast, we continue to look for opportunities to restructure and to reduce our cost base, especially within Energy, but it's not restricted to Energy. If you look beyond 2015, I – sitting here today, I would tell you that I do expect our restructuring activity in 2016 to be diminished from what you've seen us tackle in 2015, and even in the latter part of 2014. It won't be zero, but I don't expect it to be at the levels we had last year and this year.
Robert A. Livingston: Nigel, the margins will be north of 45%, operating margins at JK. At Gala, low-teens. And I'm not even sure they're at low-teens right now. They're – but we're very close to it, 12%. But we're pretty excited about this opportunity. It's really easy to remind myself that even three-and-a-half years ago, when we acquired Maag, their margins were pretty similar to what we see at Gala today. And the margins at Maag, this year, I think we've – my goodness, Brad, I think we've improved margins over the last three years by about 600 basis points and that is a rough number.
Robert A. Livingston: And don't expect that to happen in 2016, but you should expect us to start that journey in 2016, Nigel. And I fully expect those margins to be reflective, if not accretive, to Maag over the next three years or four years.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, it's really two different topics. It's Energy and then it's the rest of Dover. And in the other three segments, Steve, I would say the pricing has been rather neutral this year. We saw that again in the third quarter. We don't anticipate anything different than that in the fourth quarter. And 2016, though we haven't completed our planning process yet, I would say that our early look on pricing for 2016 would be more of the same. We would expect it to be neutral. We have seen pricing pressure in Energy this year. I think we opened – help me here, Brad. We opened early in the year or on our first quarter call, guiding price down, expectations of 3% to 5%, I think it was. I think we'll end the year closer to the low end of that range than the high end, Steve. And it truly is – you truly do see quite a mix on pricing pressure across the various product lines. And it's not much different during the third quarter or what we expect in the fourth quarter than what I've shared before on calls. In our rod business, I think price down activity in the third quarter was about 10% or 11%, which was fairly consistent with the second quarter. In a couple of other product areas, it's mid-single digits. But overall, not much of a change since our second quarter call.
Robert A. Livingston: And I would tell you that if it's $160 million, $60 million of it was in the third quarter, $100 million of it is in the fourth quarter. And it's – in broad strokes, it's three areas. It's Energy, it's Europe and it's China. And Europe and China touched all three segments. The $50 million to $60 million in the third quarter was fairly modest in Energy. We were probably down maybe $9 million or $10 million below our expectations.
Robert A. Livingston: But up on earnings, and feel like we were about $50 million short of our expectations in the third quarter in the other segments almost all attributable to slowdown in Europe and China. In the fourth quarter, I would peg that number at $100 million. And I'm – I think we're recognizing the recent activity, recent trend here in rig counts as we went through the second half of the third quarter. But our Energy revenue forecast for the fourth quarter is down about $40 million or $45 million from where we're looking at it in July, and at about $100 million across the other segments, again, mostly attributable to some slowness we're seeing or anticipating in Europe and China. So, I hope that provides some top line cover, maybe.
Robert A. Livingston: I think it's going to be dependent upon energy trends. I think we are – there may be a pocket here or a customer somewhere who still has some inventory that they want to burn off, but I would tell you that the destocking of inventory, we think, is essentially done. We saw a little bit of that in the third quarter. We expected a little bit of that to continue in the third quarter. We did see that. But I think it's – I think that's behind us. I think the – I think, again, the best leading indicator that we've been sharing with you here for near-term activity in our Energy business is the rig count.
Robert A. Livingston: So, if rig counts – if we continue to get pressured in our energy fundamentals, we still believe we've got opportunities to take some cost out. Though, Shannon, I'm going to be real direct here; it becomes more difficult as we go into 2016. But it will become – in 2016, it will truly become trade-offs between lowering cost and maintaining what we would define as appropriate service levels. But we do know we've got additional opportunities to tackle in 2016 if need be.
Robert A. Livingston: But I'm not so sure I would agree with the other part of your statement that the bulk of our opportunities in 2016 are still within Energy, Brad. I think we do expect our restructuring activity to be less in 2016 than they were in 2015, but the discussions we're having across the board, we have restructuring opportunities that we've identified, some of which we'll tackle here in the fourth quarter, some of which are lined up for the first half of next year across all four segments.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I don't want to give you the individual customers, Jeff. I – as we talk about share gains and business wins, I will tell you what's not included in that would be any change that we would expect to see next year with our customer that we've been talking about all year long, which is Walmart. But when you look at...
Robert A. Livingston: ...any downward change. But when you look at the business wins and the share gains that we've experienced and benefited from here in the second half of this year, and look at the carryover into 2016, I would label them mostly regional retailers. And we think we're going into 2016 with about $30 million worth of incremental business from wins that we have earned this year and partly have some of the revenue in the second half of this year, but about $30 million of incremental business into 2016 for these new wins and share gain.
Robert A. Livingston: 10% to 12%. And almost all of the, I would call it, the hit or the down cycle in oil and gas is restricted to some of the oil and – upstream oil and gas activity that our Pumps business participates in. As Brad said in his script or in his prepared comments, the down guide on Fluids is principally oil and gas, but it's not all oil and gas. We are seeing some softness in Europe and China in Fluids as well. And we'll see how the fourth quarter shapes up. I – the third quarter concerned me a little bit in China. If we were to pull out our project activity, which, as most of you know, can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, if we pulled out our project activity from both the third quarter of 2015 and the third quarter of 2014, revenue was down in China double digits in the third quarter. Not expecting it to be down as much in the fourth quarter. In fact, October and September are telling us it won't be. But I'm still being pretty cautious with respect to expectations in China here in the fourth quarter. But our business...
Robert A. Livingston: Well, we have – I'm not so sure I've got exact numbers that I can recall for the Middle East. I know we have, goodness, more than – we're participating in more than 50 tenders right now in the Middle East and Southeast Asia, as well as South America. Jeff, three years ago, that number would've been 8 tenders. I mean, it's – the change has been that significant for us. And I would say more than half, probably two thirds of these tenders, I would describe as Middle East opportunities. And the area that has been the most significant for us in the Middle East over the last three years has been our base of activity in Oman, and then the areas in the Middle East that we service from our base in Oman. And that continues to be quite attractive both here in the second half, as well as expectations for 2016 and 2017.
Robert A. Livingston: I'll give you some color on that to help you with your modeling. The Energy margins for the year is going to be a little bit better than 12%, and this is all-in. Restructuring, this is not adjusted, this is all-in; a little better than 12%. And I think one of the earlier questions was about the decline in revenue. In the fourth quarter in Energy, it's about $25 million. Our margins in the third quarter, all-in, were 13.5%, and will be about 100 bps below that in the fourth quarter.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I'm not giving guidance on 2016 yet, Joe. So, you're going to have to – I'm going to preface my comment by saying, we're still doing a lot of work on that. But I would tell you, at the sort of the high level assumptions we're making, is that the next couple of quarters are probably going to be pretty reflective of what we're seeing here as we end the third quarter and move into the fourth quarter. And I would label that as stability, but at a much lower investment rate and spend rate with our customers. It's a little bit more difficult to call right now, the second half of next year. And we'll give you a little bit more color on that at our dinner in December. But for the first half of next year, without any doubt, we are not planning for any recovery beyond our current run rate in the Energy market. And – but I would also say we're not expecting or planning for another 10% down either.
Robert A. Livingston: I would tell you that I'm not sure pricing was going to be much different. I think as we go into 2016, we would continue to see some pricing pressure, especially in the first half of 2016. I'm not sure our guide would be much different than we were providing at the beginning of the year for the Energy segment in total, maybe a 3% price down pressure. And again, you're going to see it scattered around different product lines and regions where some price pressure will be greater than others.
Robert A. Livingston: And on top of that, we are anticipating and planning and identifying significant benefits from productivity in 2016.
Robert A. Livingston: Yeah. It was Dover – it was a Dover number. And, gosh, Jonathan, I'm going to have to – I'd be guessing because I don't have good recall on what the down cycle was in China by each segment. It was evident at each segment, that I can tell you. But I don't have the numbers and a good recall for each segment.
Robert A. Livingston: I think – I would characterize it more like a one-off for this year, and probably reverting back to that slightly below 30% rate, at 29% rate for 2016.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I don't like the word weapon because – we'll use it as a strategic opportunity to better service our customers.
Robert A. Livingston: Oh, my goodness. So, let's see. How do I want to tackle that one, Brad? Let's – help me with the response here between manufacturing cost and SG&A.
Robert A. Livingston: $35 million in SG&A, of which we would label about 18% to 20% of that as permanent. And it's that permanent part of SG&A that I add to the carryover from the manufacturing cost of about $40 million that gets me to the round number of about $50 million of benefits that we'll see in 2016 as we see these projects complete the annual cycle.
Brad M. Cerepak: I think that would be close to – that would be true. And it's a consumable business. So, naturally, we have consumables in our Markem-Imaje business. And I would say it's not significantly different than what we see in our other consumables.
Brad M. Cerepak: Let me take that one. So, let me just start with the deals that we expect to close in Q4. As we sit here today, we will execute those deals with existing cash. And the cash that we generate in the fourth quarter, which will be a very healthy, normal fourth quarter that we see...
Brad M. Cerepak: Right. We are not – sitting here today, we still don't anticipate closing Tokheim until early in 2016. So for next year, specifically – so the two deals this year, we'll close with cash and cash generated. As for next year, specifically the Tokheim deal, it depends a lot on the timing. But we expect funding this deal now part cash on hand and some incremental debt, most likely, to your question, using CP. And I would say today, sitting here, we've sized that at a range of somewhere – less than the purchase price, but somewhere in the range of $300 million to $400 million.
Brad M. Cerepak: For the two deals that – as I said, the two deals we expect to close this year, there would be no financing related to that. It would be cash on hand and cash flow in the fourth quarter. And just to reiterate, on the Tokheim deal, depending on where we close next year, what we said would be $300 million to $400 million of financing; most likely, I view that as using CP.
Brad M. Cerepak: Yeah. I would say the run rate – as you know, in earlier quarters, we talked about this current year has impacted our compensation accruals. So, I would expect that you see some of that come back across that corporate number into next year. So, no, I would expect it to go up slightly.
Brad M. Cerepak: The only thing I would add is it gets back to what we're talking about before. We would expect sitting here today, not as much restructuring spend, that's part of that answer, and the carryover benefits, obviously, are quite significant going into next year at $50 million. So, that gives us some jumpstart into that discussion of margin expansion into 2016.
