Richard Tobin: I think that the feedback that we're getting from our customers is to start off the year cautiously. I think that there's in a lot of portions of the marketplace, there's inventory that needs to be depleted. And I think that there's a concern about the macro. There also is this view that inflation is coming down, and that being prudent about when to start projects is probably going to put them in the money. Furthermore, I think they have a difficult comp in Q1 just because of FX alone. So I don't think there's anything other than as we mentioned, biopharma meeting, getting to the bottom where we expect orders to inflect positively from there. I think it's just an overly cautious stance going into the New Year. Everybody knows that lead times have been prepared -- have been repaired. So it's not as if they have to put the orders in and take and take the deliveries in Q1. So it will actually go back to what had been historically the seasonality of the Dover portfolio, where a little bit of a slow start second quarter and third quarter quite high and then we run for cash in Q4.
Richard Tobin: No. I mean, from a supply standpoint, we are not overly levered towards China with the exception of electronic components, which don't make a disproportionate high amount of our purchases. So no, I don't I think that China, we the stance is it's going to get better from here, not worse.
Richard Tobin: Well, a lot of that depends on the macro, Jeff at the end of the day. But yes, I mean, yes, we would expect to go back there. I would call your attention to the slide that we had at the end of Q3 that showed normal backlogs by segment. We would expect to go back there. If 19 is normal. Let's say, I think that's what the comparison, comparative number there is. We would expect it to go back there.
Richard Tobin: But it may flex over time. And well, again, I'll leave it at that. It will go back to I would call your attention to that slide. And that's where we're going to end up.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Yes. Our estimates are price cost positive for the year based on roll forward, what basically what you see in Q4.
Richard Tobin: Well, a lot of them are based on their own CapEx plan. So as we as we talked about in the end of Q4 about the decline in dispensers it was kind of interesting to us because we were shipping heavily in the below ground and hardly shipping anything and above ground. And that was a reflection of the delay in getting these projects done because of supply chain constraints and labor and everything else. I think that we're going to see a little, that's an example. We're going to see a little bit of that more in Q1. Right? So despite having the backlog, the customers are not saying, what, deliver it on January 1, and I'll go put it in the warehouse, and I'll pull it out when I want. They just don't feel the need. That's what was kind of going on in the marketplace to a certain extent, for a period of time. As that accordion effect is beginning to unwind. Yes, the backlog is there, but they're saying, what, here's the timing of my project, and I may want it in March. I may want it in April. So the depletion will be orderly over the balance of the year.
Richard Tobin: It gets very much it's going to be very much contingent of what happens in the long cycle portion of the business, right? The Maags and the Belvac and to a certain extent, SWEP, which is becoming a long-cycle business, because we're beginning to rather than sell the products and selling capacity. So if those three hang in there, then yes, that's what that's all be.
Richard Tobin: Joe, I don't have Excel open here in front of me. I'd like to just -- look at the end of the day this is just a general statement about the feedback that we're getting from the marketplace, right. Everybody's concerned about recession. And so there's a bias towards being very careful with inventory also included. So we just think that the take off is back to the question that Steve asked before is that the backlog is there, but the take rate on that backlog should start out slowly, right, until everybody gets in place where we can, a lot of what we deliver goes right to the project site. And a lot of cases least the businesses that are tethered to distribution. So I'm, I'm not calling for a collapse in Q1 by any stretch of the margin. But, but we don't want to do it, the only reason that we're calling it out is we're coming out of periods where we had very strong Q1s in the seasonality versus the past got a little bit out of whack. So we're just telling you to just be careful with Q1, the full year is the full year. And we're confident in that. But I think they just we have to be, we have to recognize that is an amount of caution in the marketplace. And everybody's going to be very careful about how much inventory they lay in until they can see what's going on with kind of the macro, per se.
Richard Tobin: I think all of the $0.23 was not in clean energy. I think $0.19 of the $0.23 if I remember correctly, more or less is in there. Yes.
Richard Tobin: And some of that was in the fourth quarter also because we actually took the cost actions in Q3 But everything is on track. What you do as you get -- you get a bad comp in that business because it was still delivering pretty heavily in Q1, but we expect that to be offset by clean energy components and below ground and car wash, which are margin accretive. So you get basically over the year, a positive inflection of mix on the portfolio, but I think you just have to be a little bit careful in Q1 just because the above ground is a bad comp.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Well, we did take cost out as volume came out of the sector for sure, and we did that progressively through the year. And I think we took a further action in the end of Q3, Q4, more or less. Look, orders are beginning to inflect. We are paying a lot of attention to the commentary of our customers out there who are basically saying it's an H1 event and then expect to have all the inventory cleared. I will tell you that we have not been overly ambitious in our estimates for the full year. So I think if we're going to -- I think that we may have a little bit more difficult H1, but I think that we've got a better and even chance to have a better-than-expected performance in the second half of the year. But what we'd like to see is the order rates come up and us start expanding capacity to deal with it, which I think we can turn around to do it. So yes, the flat margins year-over-year. We're going to have to be really careful with our cost controls, and we're going to have to deliver polymers and plastics and precision components are going to have to deliver on the volume that we expect to get out of those businesses. But it's not like we're being overly ambitious in volume in biopharma for the year.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean that's going to be part of it Andy, at the end of the day. So let's not the card before the horse, but we're going to basically do what we did back in 2019 and try to give you a 3-year forward role by segment and what we think the contributing factors to it. I mean a lot of it is going to be on-going productivity, but I think what's underestimated is that the organic revenue potential is underestimated. And I think we've done a lot of work in terms of mix here. So the mix of the products that we have today versus what we started with in 2020 is, I think, a lot different than that was back then. So it's not some ambitious we're going to grow completely out of the order. I think we'll grow higher than basically the market expects us because we generally get bottom quartile expected growth rates and revenue, but I think mix is going to be the most important aspect of it.
Richard Tobin: Well, I guess taking on any leverage to do a deal has not been well received by anybody. So I guess we'd have to be careful with a larger deal presently for whatever reason, the capital markets are not looking kindly on leverage for, I guess, the reasons we can understand about unsurety of the macro going forward. But yes, I think that what we've seen so far is that a realistic multiples are now becoming -- are reflective of what's going on in the capital markets. So you always have -- most of our deals are private, as you know, private companies. There's always a lag between the public capital markets at a private valuation. I think that, that has narrowed towards to the public capital markets.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I'm not allowed to say that the AP, right because the CTAs love to pick up on that step. But yes, look, I mean, it is a cyclical business and there are investment cycles and part and parcel is to not over capacitize yourself as the cycle goes up and the recapture on the spare parts, which are margin accretive on the way down. So that's the way that we look at the business. Now having said that, it will be interesting to see what happens with PET in drinks going forward. I know that there's been a little bit of a pushback on ESG lately. But the fact of the matter is that PET from an environmental point of view is not a preferred option. So to the extent that the cost plus ESG aspect of PET over time make aluminum more attractive, then we could -- that is by far the largest portion of the market. So even if a recapture rate of 15% of PET market would drive another cycle. So that's kind of where we are right now.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I wouldn't expect to run into the logistics constraints that we've seen. I think that was a one-off. I mean, you had just such a collapse of the macro and then a restart and then add a lot of the energy markets went haywire which drove the logistics market say, well, I don't expect that to happen. I mean I think that capacity was brought on. And if you look at logistics costs and the forward curves there, I don't expect that to repeat under any reasonable macro scenario from here. I think there is a lot of liquidity that's being taken from the general market. I think that lending is very low right now. It's very difficult to get loans and secure loans -- secure liquidity to run businesses out there. I'm not making it a Dover comment. I'm talking in total. So I'm concerned about that. And if that's the case, and there's the only way that if you're a private company, the only way you can generate liquidity in order to continue to fund yourself is to draw down inventory balances to extremely low levels, and that's negative to orders and revenue going forward. So that's our overall concern of -- I don't see the point of bringing out another 50 basis points only to turn around and give the 50 basis points back into Q4. Why bother? Why can't we just sit where we're standing right here because liquidity in the market is incredibly tight right now. So that's the fear. At the end of the day is that you have a delayed CapEx cycle, which we ascribe to the fact that there is a CapEx need out there because of productivity to offset higher labor costs, and then you've got all the stimulus money out there. But fact of the matter is there's no liquidity to accompany that I think that you have a delay effect that could be problematic.
Richard Tobin: No, that's exactly what we think, and we think it's going to continue through Q1. And then from there, we expect based on our view of the demand cycle that it will inflect positively from there. But I think you're going to get another quarter of exactly how you described it, right? I know I can get the product. I have enough inventory to carry me through the quarter. I'm going to take the chance of depleting it because I know you can deliver into Q2.
Richard Tobin: Well, I would leave that to the Investor Day, right? I mean, I think that my comment was is that -- we went through this period of EMV and then we went through this period of the overhype EV taking over the world, and we were basically saying that we believe that we can position this business to harvest profits for 20 years. And I think that we're -- we've made the moves in Q3 of this year to begin to position ourselves appropriately there, right? So there was no sense of doing it in advance of a rising revenue curve. But now that it flattens out, we've got to run the business differently on one hand. And on the other hand, we've been a pretty active acquirer in that particular segment as we transition to clean energy exposure, particularly in the hydrogen space. So we're doing it -- but I would -- if you're looking for, what does that mean going forward from here in a holistic way, why don't we wait until March and we'll surely talk about it.
Richard Tobin: Why don't we take this off-line because everybody's got a different calculation of if it's -- I think that there was 20% of the annual revenue should be in backlog in a normal time. So we got what our forecast is for revenue for this year. So it's a relatively easy calculation.
Richard Tobin: I think it's a U.S.-centric comment. I mean if you look at our growth rate in Europe, I don't think anybody would have modeled that considering kind of the overall caution about Europe in total, but frankly, a lot of what we do out of our production base in Europe gets -- we recognize the revenue in Europe, but it may end up around the world at the end of the day. But I think -- it's more -- we don't -- our exposure in terms of -- our exposure is larger in North America, so it's largely a North American comment. I don't -- I think that Europe, any kind of let's call it destocking would have happened during this past year because they were on the front end of the curve.
Richard Tobin: No. Actually, I think that in our models, it's a margin credit as we liquidate it because if you look at forwards based on when we bought that inventory sequentially grew 2022. It's actually -- and you can see it in our margins in some of the sectors, that's part and parcel to this price cost. Look, at the end of the day, yes. If I go back and look over the last couple of years, we made a significant investment in inventory and that allowed us to deliver revenue growth that was above expectation. So now lead times and availability and capacity is repaired itself. So we get almost a triple effect of -- we liquidate kind of the excess raw materials that we've been carrying to meet demand because we slowed down production in Q4, our payables balance dropped significantly. So from a net working capital point of view, we got the negative of shipping heavily in Q4. So there's a big receivable balance that gets liquidated build probably in the latter half of Q1, but more in Q2, our payables expand and then we collect on that receivables balance. So all three come in, in the first half.
Richard Tobin: That is just a function of the amount of consumables we shipped in any given period, meaning the more that you ship in printers, that is negative to margins. The more that you ship in consumables, it's positive. It's going to bounce around. I think that our comment that we made on that particular business is that the margins are quite robust, and it's all about what kind of revenue growth we can get from here. We're not calling it down for 2023.
Richard Tobin: Well, Julian, I mean, I think to the extent that we have flat margins despite the fact that our biopharma business, which is clearly our most profitable portion of the portfolio being down, one could argue that once we get to the strong -- we get through this destocking period, which we expect to be an H1 2023 event is that inflect back to the positive that the incremental margins that we're going to see there. And all things being equal, we hold and continuing to improve the balance of the portfolio that, that by itself is margin accretion. But I think I would call your attention to what we've done in Climate & Sustainability. We think that that's got room to run. We think that we've gotten DPPS we've just talked about. I think we've got some growth there. and we've got the return of biopharma in the second half of the year, which by I'll repeat myself, I don't think we've been overly ambitious with that. We think we're going to keep that in our back pocket and see how the market develops. And the roll forward on the Engineered Products, if we look at what our exit rate is and we roll that forward, I think that's quite healthy from a margin point of view. So back to the restructuring. Look, we're always scouring our fixed costs around here. Our management is incentivized to deliver fixed cost reduction and incremental margins. So I would expect we'll continue to do so, but I don't see any need to accelerate it to protect our performance going forward.
