Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. I was very pleased with our third quarter results, which were driven by strong conversion on broad-based revenue growth, highlighted by 13% growth in Engineered Systems. I was also pleased to see organic growth across all segments. In all, we generated 3% organic revenue growth, achieved record margin and grew adjusted EPS 23%. From a geographic perspective, our North American markets were quite positive. Our China markets remained solid, highlighted by active Printing & Identification markets. And lastly, our European markets were improved and showed solid growth after several quarters of contraction. I would not describe Europe as recovered, but we were encouraged with our third quarter results in our early-cycle businesses. Now some specific comments on our third quarter. At Communication Technologies, our consumer electronics growth was driven by new OEM product launches. These launches provided Knowles the opportunity to supply all acoustic product categories to this key OEM. Our volume was lower than forecasted, driven by 2 factors: the launch occurred later than anticipated, and late OEM product specification changes limited our output in the quarter from initial expectations. In our Energy segment, we saw significant growth in our drilling and downstream businesses. Drilling benefited from share gains and increased activity in China, and downstream continues to serve a healthy global retail fueling and transportation market. Within production, artificial lift grew organically at 3%, primarily driven by international activity, but was offset by a weak winch market and the timing of shipments and soft U.S. activity. Within our Engineered Systems segment, refrigeration and food equipment markets were seasonally strong and our business performance again was excellent. Regarding our fluids markets, our solid results were driven by our broad-based pump businesses, which more than offset slow heat exchanger and dispenser markets. Our industrial end markets remained solid, with continued strength in our waste handling business. Within our Printing & Identification segment, growth in both our fast-moving consumer goods and industrial markets resulted in very good performance. We saw solid growth in Europe and Asia and continued to deliver on margin improvement initiatives. As we look to the fourth quarter, we see a full quarter of production supporting OEM products launched in the third quarter, which should drive sequential growth in consumer electronics, continued strong performance in Energy, driven by international activity in production and downstream markets, normal seasonality in our refrigeration markets and seasonal strength in our Printing & Identification markets. We continued to execute on our acquisition pipeline and closed 4 synergistic deals, including 2 in October. We also announced another important pump deal, which should close before year end. Collectively, these acquisitions will help build out our fluids, Energy and Printing & Identification growth spaces. Our pipeline remains active, and we expect to announce additional deals in the near term. I'm also pleased to report the spin-off of Knowles is progressing well, and we are on track to complete it early next year. In summary, I am pleased with our execution and results in the third quarter. Though I feel quite positive about our growth and productivity initiatives as well as our acquisition pipeline, we still face challenging market conditions. As a result, we have lowered our revenue growth expectations and narrowed our full year EPS range. As we enter the fourth quarter, I feel confident in our ability to deliver continued strong performance. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As I mentioned earlier, I am very pleased with our third quarter performance as we delivered strong results in a low-growth macro economy. I am very encouraged by our continued execution on our growth strategies and productivity initiatives. In particular, over the past 5 years, we have seen the positive impact of our increased focus on expanding our activity outside of our core North American and European markets. The focus is a bit different for each segment, recognizing their uniqueness and opportunity sets. Let me share a couple of data points as illustration. Within Energy, there has been a focus on the expansion of their drilling activity into China, growing their production business in the Middle East and Australia and building their downstream position in all developing economies. Overall, Energy's revenue outside of North America and Europe has more than doubled over the last 5 years and is almost $400 million on an annualized basis. In refrigeration, Hill PHOENIX has focused on expanding their business from their core U.S. markets to Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean and now into South America. Over the last 5 years, refrigeration's revenue outside the U.S. has grown from 10% to 21%. These growth initiatives have been supported through our acquisition activity. Most recently, the announcements of Finder, SPIRIT, KPS and Fiberly [ph] all bring complementary products and technology to help foster this global growth. In addition to executing on our growth strategies, we continue to do a great job on productivity and our operational excellence initiatives. We expect to continue our outstanding performance as we consolidate our manufacturing footprint and share infrastructure across our segments. In all, I remain very confident with our positioning and long-term prospects. In closing, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results. Paul, let's take some questions.
Robert A. Livingston: So historically, our -- we have so much seasonality in a couple of our segments that the fourth quarter, both revenue and margins, have historically been less than what we achieved in both the second and the third quarter. So you will see the margins come down in the fourth quarter. But I think maybe embedded in your question was, is there anything unusual in the third quarter that benefited our margins? And the answer is no. We have been executing not just this year, but last year, on our productivity initiatives. Scott, we're going to have about $30 million of restructuring charges for the full calendar year of '13, and it was very much front-end loaded. I think 2/3 of those charges occurred in the first half. And I think what you're seeing here in the third quarter, we'll see some more in the fourth quarter. We'll continue with this in 2014. You're seeing the benefits of some of those productivity initiatives. The second question, am I being cautious? For the fourth quarter, did I see something -- have we seen something different here in October? We haven't seen anything different in October. I would tell you that when you look at our revenue, our revenue guidance, and you go from the top end of our previous guidance of 3 to 5 to our current guidance of 3, I'll throw out a number. Let's just say we're talking about $130 million to $150 million of organic revenue. Scott, from an internal goal perspective, I would say that the bulk of that reduction is a result of third quarter revenue not meeting our internal expectations. We saw a little bit of a miss in Energy, especially in production; a little bit of a miss even with an outstanding quarter with respect to our internal goals. Hill PHOENIX is off a little bit. And then we have the issue at Comm Tech, Communication Technologies. We were probably off, oh, maybe $25 million from our internal goal in the third quarter due to the late product launches. And we're probably going to be about $20 million off our internal goal in the fourth quarter due to some lower volume that we're now seeing at Nokia and RIM -- or I'm sorry, BlackBerry.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I would say we've had strong participation in the tablet market, but probably not as strong of a share position in the tablet market as we have had in the handset market. I actually believe as we exit this year going into '14, you'll see these guys with a stronger share position in the tablet market than we've had historically.
Robert A. Livingston: The changes we see in North America? Let me give you a comment on the third quarter. I would -- I'd circle a number. I'd circle a number of about $25 million that I feel we were short of with respect to our internal goals for production in the third quarter. Nigel, $8 million of that was actually shipments scheduled for the third quarter that were ready, that were shipped, and we had a deferral on revenue recognition. I'm blaming Brad on that, okay? But we did have a little bit of a slower start in Canada as we came out of the spring thaw. We saw activity a little softer there in July and August. But I would say that the activity in Canada in September and so far here in October has been back to normal levels, and we're quite happy with the activity level. The one comment I'd share on the U.S. market, and this is sort of the reason why I have my comment about softer U.S. activity, it's very, very specific to a couple of Texas basins or Texas fields. The Permian Basin for -- I guess in particular, was down for us, not only down against last year but down against expectations. The other basins around North America, especially in the U.S., were actually solid to strong. But there was a shortfall in the Permian Basin.
Robert A. Livingston: No, I wouldn't -- I would not label the change in revenue at Communications Technologies as having anything to do with the geographic market. As I commented, it was all about the OEM product launches that were a few weeks later than we had anticipated, not only the beginning of the year, but I would also say at the end of the second quarter, and continuing, I would say, a continuing struggle that we're having with lower volume, especially here in the fourth quarter at Nokia and BlackBerry. It is interesting, I -- you mentioned China. I'll share another interesting data point. You look at our 3 largest geographic markets, and I'll label them as North America, Europe and then Asia, including China. John, we had 4% organic growth in all 4 markets. We -- it was -- I commented in my prepared script about the growth in Europe. We had 4% growth in Europe. We saw some early signs of that as we were coming out of the fourth quarter -- or the second quarter. But we had a very strong quarter in Europe, especially in 2 or 3 of our early-cycle businesses.
Robert A. Livingston: In the handset market? No, not really. We obviously have a stronger position with MEMS in the non-high-handset piece of the consumer electronics market. But I made a comment about late spec changes by the OEM. That was not on just one product. That was on a couple of products. It was MEMS as well as speaker boxes.
Robert A. Livingston: No, I wouldn't say it's tailed off. In fact, it's been rather steady for the last couple of years. I don't have a separate data point to pull out of that. But yes, that has been part of it, and continues to be part of it and will continue to be part of our operational excellence and productivity initiatives for next year.
Robert A. Livingston: Oh, gosh, Shannon. If you're asking me to give you a technical explanation of those spec changes, I could probably do it and be wrong, okay? Is it normal? We don't see it on every product launch. Does it happen on occasion? Yes, and so I wouldn't label this as an unusual occurrence, but it does happen on occasion. And when I say a late spec change, if memory serves me correctly, I think we were dealing with a specification change like 3 weeks, 4 weeks prior to the OEM's product launch. It was that late in the cycle.
Robert A. Livingston: No. Actually, I will tell you, as we came out of the third quarter and here in October, we are shipping on all of our acoustic products to the OEMs that we're qualified with according to our share award. And furthermore, I would tell you that we're shipping just about everything we can build.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, you are right. We did have a bit of an easier comp, but I've got to give some credit to the business guys here. It wasn't just an easy comp. The share gains that I mentioned, I would label that activity around our core customers here in North America. But there has been a growing and a building of activity and expanding their customer base outside of the core customers here in North America, and they've started to have some success over the last couple of years in China. The success has been building this year. And the activity in the third quarter was significant enough for them in China, that I wanted to point that out.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes, but within the platform, I think it was 4% organic. But it's interesting, we've got 3 businesses in our fluids platform. The pumps business that you're referring to was the best performing on a comp basis in the third quarter. In fact, the other 2 businesses in fluids actually had negative organic growth. My comment earlier about our growth in Europe, I will tell you, did not include these 2 businesses in fluids, which is our heat exchanger business and our dispenser business. Both were down in Europe in the third quarter, which is a key market for both. But our pumps business is performing pretty solid around the globe, not just in Europe.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I think we may be getting a little bit better payback now, but I'm not sure that's the significant item. I think we have found opportunities, as the year has progressed, to increase our productivity actions. I actually think coming into the year, maybe our restructuring charge number for the year may have been low 20s, $20 million or $22 million.
Robert A. Livingston: Almost $30 million. So we have able to find additional opportunities that we didn't have on our activity plans at the beginning of the year.
Robert A. Livingston: No, I would -- for the businesses within Energy that I would say actually sort of manage their activity driven by a backlog, I would say the backlog is there for the fourth quarter. Jeff, the bulk of our -- aside from this Queensland order that we referred to a couple of times, the bulk of our activity in artificial lift, and I would say even within drilling and for probably half of downstream, it may not be booked and shipped in the same month, but it's a pretty quick cycle business. The activity -- I'm actually fairly confident with our outlook for Energy for the fourth quarter. I think we'll see a pretty strong recovery in production in the fourth quarter, both here in the U.S., as well as our increased activity in our geo-expansion initiatives. And we're looking for a fairly solid performance again in the fourth quarter from downstream.
Robert A. Livingston: Oh, gosh. I wasn't -- I didn't brief myself on the Form 10 coming into this call this morning. I don't believe -- you're asking if Nokia and BlackBerry together represent 10% of Comm Tech's revenue, the answer is no, not even close.
Robert A. Livingston: If I had to point to 2 things, Jeff, I would say we continue to see softness in the U.S. market in the Northeast. And we saw that through the first half of the year. I would say that it was probably a little bit softer in the third quarter than even we saw in the first half of the year. But I also think that what we're seeing here in the second half of the year is a little bit of a reduced expectations in Mexico for Hill PHOENIX.
Robert A. Livingston: We're very happy with Anthony's performance. The earnings that they're going to deliver to Dover and to us this year is right on our acquisition model and on our forecast.
Robert A. Livingston: So Joe, if I were to add anything to that, and that's on the top line in drilling, we do expect to see fourth quarter revenue to be down sequentially from the third quarter. But yet when we look at the fourth quarter year-over-year, the growth is going to be high single digits.
Robert A. Livingston: I feel pretty confident with the fourth quarter forecast across all the segments, especially DES. My comment about some of the -- I call it revenue miss with respect to internal expectations in the third quarter, with respect to Engineered Systems, it was almost all at Hill PHOENIX. And I think we've actually taken a fairly conservative view in the fourth quarter forecast for Hill PHOENIX.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So I shared my comment on Asia. Other emerging markets, gosh, Charlie, the ones for us that are meaningful is our activity in the Middle East and Australia. Those markets, we continue to see growth in, we'll see growth there in the fourth quarter. We expect more growth out of those 2 markets in 2014. If we look at South America as an entire market, the third quarter activity was lighter than we expected. But I would take that back to my comment around Hill PHOENIX and some deferrals of order, mostly around timing activity in Mexico. But we feel that the emerging markets for the fourth quarter and going into 2014 continue to provide a very nice growth opportunity for all of Dover. I'd like to see the growth continue in Europe.
Robert A. Livingston: No, okay. So from a bookings point of view, it's always a bit difficult to actually peg exactly when we get the order. It's not a steady monthly drumbeat of orders there. They tend to be an annual award or a semiannual award. So from a -- on any individual quarter, there could be a negative on the comp with respect to that activity. For the year, we expect our activity in Australia and specifically around the Queensland project to be up in '14 versus '13.
Robert A. Livingston: No, I -- look, I'm not prepared to start giving 2014 guidance. But with respect to that specific question, I think you should continue to expect us to execute on $20 million plus of restructuring activity in 2014.
Robert A. Livingston: There's a little bit of a difference outside of the U.S., but in the U.S., it's almost identical, Steve.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. And I know the timing of that may seem odd, but we actually want to get this done in the fourth quarter, not just for margin improvement for next year, but for some, I would call it some customer-facing activity that we want to be executing on going into 2014.
Robert A. Livingston: If memory serves me right, Steve, I think the -- I call it the intercompany activity between Anthony and Hill PHOENIX was in the $30 million to $40 million range.
Brad M. Cerepak: Okay. I don't have -- I'm not sure I have that data for the third quarter. I can tell you how we look at it for the year, Nigel. We're looking at, in consumer electronics, a growth year-over-year for the full year of about 13%. But it is interesting. Within consumer electronics for the year, that growth of 13%, embedded in that is handset growth of about 20%. So that sort of begs the question, if handset is growing at 20%, what's not growing? And I would say we're relatively flat in other areas in consumer electronics like components for earbuds, notebooks. And I -- the tablet market has been rather flat, a little bit of growth this year. But I would also point out that we're about ready to see the launch of some new products in the tablet market that we have pretty strong participation in, that will benefit Communication Technologies as we go into 2014.
Brad M. Cerepak: And we did point out that in Energy, there'll be pressure on that margin in the fourth quarter due to these late in the year deals we've just completed in the downstream side. In fact, if you think about how we've guided and you look at the bridge on acquisitions, you'll see that our acquisition expectations for the year have come down just a bit, $0.02 to $0.03. And that's really the deals taking place in the fourth quarter. You can argue that's part of the reason we've come off the top end of our range. $0.06 on a performance basis includes completing these deals and then they'll be accretive into the next year. To just clarify, we do see some pressure on the margin in the fourth quarter because of the amortization and deal costs associated with closing those deals.
Brad M. Cerepak: Well, yes, to your question on materials, we did see a little bit of favorability in terms of material input costs in the quarter. Not a substantial change...
Brad M. Cerepak: Pretty modest coming off of Q2. And I would say some of the pricing that we have put in place related to materials earlier quarters have started to come down a bit. So the net spread on as we track price as it relates to materials sequentially really is pretty flat off the second quarter.
Brad M. Cerepak: No, we have the Anthony revs, Steve. We just don't have them right at our fingertips at this moment.
Brad M. Cerepak: I mean, we do [indiscernible] close-the-case very, very closely. And I would say coming into the year, we had expectations for close-the-case. And our view right now is we're right on track where we expected to be with that program, and it's providing some nice growth for Anthony. I don't have it in front of me, but Paul could ...
Brad M. Cerepak: Well, no. I guess from where we were last time, I would answer that question as no, no significant changes related to where we thought we would end the year. We originally said we would growth 30 to 40 basis points. I think we're on track to do that. I would expect DPI to be a little bit weaker in the fourth quarter not because of the revenue but because we are doing some -- Bob talked about restructuring. There's a lot of benefits flowing through, but you will hear us talk about another restructuring activity in our Printing & Identification business in particular in the fourth.
Brad M. Cerepak: I think you'll see DES seasonally, seasonally down. DE We talked about. And in Comm Tech, you'll see a little bit of a reduction going into the fourth quarter as well.
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes. I think Paul could take this question offline. But I do think if I recollect the $310 million number, when we acquired Anthony, as I think we pointed out, they were a supplier to Hill PHOENIX. And so that's probably why you're asking the question is that there -- the way we think about it now, is we do not think about Anthony with that internal supply...
