Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Let me begin by saying that the Energy markets have been more challenging than we anticipated, and the impact on our results have been quite significant. I do believe we are taking the right actions to address the current environment. And I am confident we will improve our performance in the coming quarters. Now, let me share some comments on the quarter. We face tough markets in the second quarter which included diminished demand and significant inventory reductions in our North American Energy markets. We also saw reduced activity tied to customer capital spending in retail refrigeration and oil and gas related pump markets. Regarding our Industrial platform, the U.S. was very solid, partially offset by some softness in Asia and Europe. These factors more than offset the cost containment actions we've been able to achieve and the very solid results we're seeing in Engineered Systems and Fluids. From a geographic perspective, our U.S. activity declined, largely driven by our exposure to oil and gas markets. Our Asian activity also declined on tough comps and food equipment, and reduced industrial capital spending in China. Overall, Europe remains solid and grew organically in the quarter. Now, some specific segment comments. In Energy, our drilling and production and automation businesses were significantly impacted by the severe North American oil and gas market declines. We also saw some weakness in energy-related bearings markets, while our compression business held up well. In Engineered Systems, we achieved solid organic growth across both platforms. Within Printing & Identification, our businesses again performed well and the Industrial platform achieved overall organic growth of 3% led by solid results in our waste handling business. Our Fluids segment had a strong quarter where market conditions for fluid transfer products were solid and we had strong shipments in our project-related pumps businesses. Fluids segment margin performance was excellent at 20%. Within our Refrigeration & Food Equipment segment, retail refrigeration results were soft. We expected activity to replace previously lost volume to be more robust at this stage of the year. I am encouraged that bookings improved at Hillphoenix as we moved through quarter. Additionally, our glass door business performed well, leveraging their broad customer base and leading technology. Our acquisition pipeline developed nicely in the second quarter and we have the opportunity to close on several bolt-on acquisitions in the second half of the year. Now, let me address our revised outlook for the year. Within Energy, we remain cautious and have adjusted our full-year forecast to reflect the weak second quarter and continuing low demand levels in the second half. On a positive note, we believe we are at the very beginning of a change in direction for our drilling business. Specifically, we saw drilling bookings stabilize and slightly improve off a low base as we exited the quarter. In addition, we have been actively expanding our customer base and select product categories and gaining business with new products and technology. In Engineered Systems, we anticipate growth across both platforms. In Printing & Identification, we continue to win business globally, and organic growth should remain very healthy. In the Industrial platform, we expect second half organic revenue growth to remain solid, quite similar to the first half supported by strong U.S. markets. Regarding Fluids, we believe the solid global markets will continue for fluid transfer and most of our pumps businesses, and margin will remain strong in the second half. Finally, within Refrigeration & Food Equipment, we have lowered our forecast due to reduced expectations at Hillphoenix. However, we do anticipate our glass door, heat exchanger and commercial food equipment businesses to perform quite well in the back half. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Brad. We clearly have faced some tough market conditions in the first half which will largely continue for the balance of the year. Our teams have managed well through this environment, and I'm confident they'll continue to do so. As I look forward, I see opportunities for improvement at each segment, which should result in better performance in the back half of the year and into 2016. For example, within Energy, I expect drilling destocking to dissipate. We are also aggressively pursuing share gains and expanding our international presence. I am pleased we've been able to grow our share in select product categories over the last year in the face of tough markets, and that we are actively bidding on many international tenders. I expect Engineered Systems to show growth in both platforms and I'm encouraged by a big recent win for waste hauling equipment, as well as a large Navy contract we just secured. Fluids has demonstrated very solid growth in fluid transfer, which should continue. On the pumps side, we continue to grow in international markets as evidenced by an important plastics order we were just awarded in China. And lastly, within Refrigeration & Food Equipment, I anticipate a better second half on improved order activity at Hillphoenix. Our food equipment businesses will also have an improved second half, boosted by stronger project shipments and new equipment rollouts for a couple of key restaurant customers. With our strong free cash flow and the strength of our balance sheet, we have significant capacity to strengthen and build our position within our growth spaces, and I expect us to complete some acquisitions in the back half of the year. With that, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results. With that, Paul, let's take some questions.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I would tell you – I think there would be some people within energy that would tell you that there was some intense restructuring, it just didn't cost as much as what we're going to experience in the second half. Brad is going to have to help me here with an exact number, but I think head count was reduced in energy by almost 400 folks in the second quarter. And there just wasn't a lot of restructuring cost associated with those employee reductions. Second half of the year, I think embedded in our guidance is about $15 million of restructuring costs.
Robert A. Livingston: Yeah, for the corporation. And probably two-thirds of that is in Energy, Shannon. We continue to whittle away at the cost base.
Robert A. Livingston: As soon as I answer the question affirmative, we're going to get another request for another tough discussion with a customer tomorrow, Scott. I believe that the bulk of it is behind us. I think I've shared this on the April call as well as at a couple of conferences that I spoke at during the second quarter that the bulk of the price reduction activity we've experienced in Energy has been in our drilling products as well as our rod products within artificial lift. Not a lot has changed. In our drilling products, it's still going to average for the year about 5%, and that's what we saw in the second quarter. A little bit more aggressive actions that we've taken along with some of the customer demands in rods, and that's probably averaging about 10%. Don't see it being much different during the second half of the year. And the net impact for the segment for the entire year, I would tell you it's still within the range we've been sharing with you for the past couple of calls, which is 3% to 6%, 4% to 6% in that range.
Robert A. Livingston: ...which I think would be helpful for everyone to understand. As we look at the second half, we are anticipating operating margins to be up about 250 basis points over the first half. Steve, the bulk of that goes back to your first question. About 150 bps of the 250 bps improvement we're seeing in the second half is the recognition of increased benefits of restructuring and lower restructuring cost versus the first half, and about 30 bps of improvement in the second half from what I would just label as normal productivity initiatives. And then...
Robert A. Livingston: ...some improvement in margins from increased volume. We are looking at volume in the second half to be up. I think it's about $130 million over the first half. And we'll see some increased margin activity from that increased volume.
Robert A. Livingston: Yeah. The second half guidance – second half forecast on Energy – second half versus first half, Jeff, the revenue is down $40 million, but the second half run rate is fairly consistent with the second quarter. Obviously, that said, that means that the first quarter will be the high quarter of the year for Energy. Three months ago, I truly did anticipate that we would exit the year with a 20% margin in Energy. I still think this business is a 20% margin business. We're just not going to see it in the fourth quarter, not with the volume that we're anticipating now. I think the number we have in our forecast for a fourth quarter exit rate is 15% or 15.5% margins.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, let me start first by saying we're not really a participant. I shouldn't even use the qualifier, not really. We are not a participant in the fracing market. We'll participate in the drilling activity with the inserts and we'll participate once the well has been fraced. We will participate with whatever technology of artificial lift is appropriate for that well. But in the pure fracing application, that's just not something we participate in.
Robert A. Livingston: Yeah. We're still in the early days of seeing this re-fracing application here in North America. Look, you re-frac, you've got to pull the gear out of that well. And we believe there is an opportunity for us as that gear, as that system comes out or either if it's been downhole a short period of time, a year or so, maybe two years, there's an opportunity for us on the downhole pump, either a service, a repair, a rebuild or a new pump. If it's a rather new well, it would be unusual for the rod strings that need to be replaced. But if it's an older well, we think there's an opportunity that some of these well operators may take and actually replace the entire rod string. It really does depend on the characteristics of that individual well.
Robert A. Livingston: We don't believe we've missed out on any orders that we had planned for the second quarter. We have seen that activity shift to the right. I'll give you a little color on that, Deane. April order activity wasn't that bad. In fact, it was probably similar to, or maybe even slightly above March activity, as we exited the first quarter. May was a surprise. I don't remember the exact numbers at Hillphoenix, but May order activity may have been down as much as 15% or 20% – 15% from March and April. June came back very strong. In fact, it was not only strong at Hillphoenix, the bookings for the segment in June were the highest monthly bookings we've seen in the last 18 months or 24 months. It was a very, very strong June. And order activity here in the first few weeks of July is quite supportive of our third quarter forecast.
Robert A. Livingston: Yeah. There may have been a little bit of pricing. I wouldn't say there was much difference in competitive dynamics. It was all attributable to the continuing decline in the North America oil and gas market, especially upstream. And I would say we saw a little bit more distributor inventory management in the second quarter than we would have anticipated.
Robert A. Livingston: So, I would say in the first half we've seen about $30 million to $32 million of the benefits roll through second quarter, significantly better than first quarter in terms of benefit profile. And then, obviously, the back half gives us the remaining piece with it building sequentially through the year and into next year, Nigel.
Robert A. Livingston: And I would say Energy is similar, very similar profile, building sequentially into 2016 with the first quarter being only about $4 million, $5 million of benefits, and then the rest really picking up pace in the second, third, and fourth quarters.
Robert A. Livingston: No, actually – I used a phrase or the script or (43:03) similar, I will tell you that we do anticipate a very slight improvement in Energy revenues in the third quarter and the fourth quarter over the second quarter. And, Nigel, the only difference is we do expect a better revenue profile out of our drilling insert business in the second half of the year versus the second quarter, because we do believe that the destocking by the drill bit customers is almost complete.
Robert A. Livingston: ...second quarter, is a little bit of an uptick in our insert business both from destocking – but I will also tell you that some of the increased order activity we saw in the second half of June and that we're continuing to see here in July is the result of new products and some new technology that we've delivered to some customers, and the take-up has been rather significant on the new products.
Robert A. Livingston: I will add another bit of color, take the opportunity to do it now. I think in my prepared comments I shared with you the activity we're engaged in with respect to international tenders. We are bidding on and tracking, actively tracking, almost 50 international tenders as we sit here today. The timing of the awards and the actual award amount is a bit uncertain. None of those tenders, none of those tender awards that we could win are included in our second half forecast.
Robert A. Livingston: Yeah. It's hard to tell. I mean, it's – all I can give you is some data points. So, for example, if I compare second quarter 2015 to second quarter 2014 year-over-year, the rig count decline was 55% here in the U.S., I'm ignoring Canada. Here, in the U.S., the rig count decline was 55%. Our revenue decline in our insert business was almost 70%. It was that significant, Nigel. Now, that 15 point delta between the rig count decline and our revenue decline, I would say perhaps 4 points or 5 points could be attributable to price. The rest of it – at least 10 points, at least $40 million or $50 million is attributable to destocking.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, the sizes are, my goodness, anywhere from – I don't know, the smallest one could be under $20 million; the largest one could be, I don't know, of $300 million or $400 million. And which segments? I think that you'd see the bulk of them in Fluids.
Robert A. Livingston: Let me take food equipment platform first or market sector first. Second half will be quite different than the first half. I would say, in the first half, most notably true in the second quarter, we saw a real absence of what I call the projectivity with our can-making equipment. We see that picking up in the second half. And we have the orders in our backlog to support that forecast. Organic growth in food equipment in the first half was 19% negative – I'm sorry, 14% negative. In the second half, it's a positive 9%. That's how much of a true change there is within this platform from first half to second half. A big boost in the second half is the rollout. We are currently engaged in right now with two key customers on some restaurant equipment and that will have a rather significant impact on the growth rates in the second half.
Robert A. Livingston: Very good line of sight, yes. Second half versus first half in the refrigeration piece of the segment, what is the revenue growth? I think first half – second half over first half, the revenue growth in that part of the segment is – I think it's $50 million. And given the backlog that we ended the quarter with, given the order rates that we saw in June and the activity we're seeing here in July, I will tell you that our third quarter factory load is pretty solid to support that forecast, and we have lowered our expectations for the year. I think we have set a bar that we can hit here for the second half of the year in this segment.
Robert A. Livingston: The back half – Brad, you'll have to help me here with this detail. But I think the back half – the second half of the year is fairly consistent, similar with the revenue stream we saw in the second quarter. It is down from the first quarter run rate.
Robert A. Livingston: Parts of it would be, but don't lose sight of the fact that there is, oh, Gosh, 20% – there's 20% of the automation business, maybe a little bit more than that, Brad, at least 20% of the automation business that would be connected to more of the drilling activity than well completion and production monitoring.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Maria. This concludes our conference call. With that, we thank you, as always, for your continued interest in Dover. And we look forward to speaking to you again after the third quarter. Have a good day. Thank you. Bye.
Brad M. Cerepak: Gosh, Shannon. Right now, it's hard to have rosy glasses when you look at our activity in the energy market. Rig count continued to decline during the second quarter and we track that most closely related to our drilling business, our insert business for drill bits. And we saw the low point in the quarter in the first half of June. The second half of June was up about 10% or 12% over the first two weeks of June. And I would share with you that the order activity in July is up, so far, just month-to-date, is up about 15% above what we saw in May and June. Shannon, I don't – I'm not attributing that to a market recovery. It does reflect what I believe is the coming to the end of the destocking activity we've experienced with many of our customers.
Brad M. Cerepak: Yeah, yeah. I'll take that question. I guess, Scott, about half of that is us reaching a threshold on our revised guidance whereby the long-term plans won't pay out. And so think about it as half is comp-related; the other half, about 50% of that is real cost takeout. So I would say that's related to our functional cost initiatives around reducing the corporate overhead. And then, we have miscellaneous and other stuff that normally happens in any given quarter comprise the remaining piece of that balance.
Brad M. Cerepak: Let me start and then you could follow on if I don't hit all those questions. So we're saying $40 million to $45 million total corporation this year in restructuring charges, $0.16 to $0.19 range. Of that amount, we're looking at $27 million to $30 million of that being in the Energy. In terms of the benefits, we continue to see – by the way, I'll just make mention of this now that, as we continue to work through our restructuring, our benefit estimates have actually come up a little bit since our last forecast, just more confidence around that benefit number. But in terms of Energy, I pointed out in my prepared remarks that we expect to take $90 million of cost out this year. Steve, there's two pieces to that: there's a piece that's funded through restructuring; there's a piece that's just day-to-day initiatives around structure that doesn't cost us effort – costs us money, I should say, cost a lot of effort, but money. And so Energy will take $90 million out. The run rate on that, obviously, is much more significant. For the total corporation, I would say we're on restructuring. Now, I'm going to go back to just the restructuring piece, $90 million to $95 million of benefits, the run rate will be more like $130 million to $140 million going into next year on those actions.
Brad M. Cerepak: The rest coming through real initiatives around just cutting back the spend levels that – we expect some of that to be permanent.
Brad M. Cerepak: Keep in mind the discussion that Bob – the numbers he has given you is all to the high end of our guide range, just to be clear.
Brad M. Cerepak: Yeah. You saw us take some steps – let's see, did we do this in the fourth quarter? For sure, we did it in our first quarter. You saw us take some steps in our first quarter with respect to footprint consolidation. And, my goodness, I don't remember how many field locations were actually removed during our first quarter. I mean – but double-digit number of field locations. And with that, you see a little bit of our charge activity related to some asset charges. In the second half of the year, within Energy, you'll see a little bit more activity around, I call it, footprint consolidation.
Brad M. Cerepak: Let me just reiterate what Bob said. The back half margin profile versus first half is up 250 basis points. 150 basis points of that really is coming from reduced – right now in our forecast, reduced spending level on restructuring and better benefits.
Brad M. Cerepak: So organic growth in the first half was 4% for Fluids. We're looking at 5% to 6% for the year. The low point was actually quarter one. Quarter three should look very similar to quarter two. And quarter four may be a little bit better than quarter one. It's how the waterfall looks.
Brad M. Cerepak: Okay. Again, I think I shared this data point with the callers on the April call. About 10% of this segment's business base is connected to upstream oil and gas that was weaker in the second quarter than the first quarter and it was weaker in the second quarter than we anticipated. It's not 30% of the Fluids segment. It's only about 10%. Order rates, I would tell you that outside of oil and gas, order rates around the segment were pretty solid with the exception being oil and gas, and the absence of some larger project orders that we would have – that we did have in our order book in the second quarter of last year. We do anticipate some project wins here in the second half.
Brad M. Cerepak: I would add – to reiterate what you said, Bob, we have good line of sight in the second half of the food equipment.
Brad M. Cerepak: Oh, Gosh. I don't have that number. Let's see. For the whole segment, it's pretty much, I would say, 75% of our revenue, maybe even 80% of our revenue in this segment I would label as quick ship type of sales. The project business may only account for 15% or 20%. And we're fairly comfortable with the order rates continuing in the second half that we've seen here over the last two months or three months. And the project revenue forecast we have in the second half, I think with the exception of one project, we actually have on our order book today.
C. Stephen Tusa: The restructuring dynamics in Energy. Could you maybe just remind us of what the expectation is? What you spent this year? What you expect to book this year in savings? And then, what the carryover is into next year? I think that's kind of an important piece, obviously, in being optimistic about next year.
C. Stephen Tusa: Right. And I think you said last quarter there were $30 million of temp stuff. Is that still kind of – I guess, that's what that implies, that's still kind of the number. But you're making that sound like it's a bit more structural perhaps now.
C. Stephen Tusa: I mean, that's a huge, I think, bump-up from – I know you had restructuring in the fourth quarter, but, I mean, that's definitely a hill to climb in the second half.
C. Stephen Tusa: Okay, great. Thanks for all the color. It's great to have all these details, and thanks for trying to make a call on some of the stuff that's incredibly fluid over the last couple of quarters. All the detail is very helpful, so thanks.
Jeff T. Sprague: Yeah. I was thinking more along the lines as they get better and better at re-fracing, we're doing less drilling and therefore...
Jeff T. Sprague: And then just one follow-on on the restructuring, the paybacks are really phenomenal. So $40 million to $45 million in spend is driving $90 million to $95 million in benefit, and I heard run rate $130 million. I'm just wondering if you could...
Jeff T. Sprague: So do you have to get into a heavier level of restructuring, so that I think you've – I guess what this implies is you've taken out people in places where they're not unionized and you just let them go and there's not a lot of severance and the like, but you need to actually adjust your footprints and get into some more costly heavier restructuring.
