Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Maria. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s first quarter earnings call. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s first quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our outlook for the balance of 2012. We will then open the call up for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through May 2nd and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 68614955. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Paul Goldberg: Thank, Bob. And with that, I'd just like to remind everyone if you can limit yourself to one question and a follow-up, that would be much appreciated. And with that, Marie, if you can queue up the questions. 
Paul Goldberg: Yes. So this concludes our conference call today. We thank you for your continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. And I just want to remind the investors and analysts out there that we do have our Technology Day on June 4 and an invitation will be coming soon. It's in New York City. So, we look forward to seeing you there. Thanks for your time today. 
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. We are off to a very solid start this year with first quarter revenue and segment earnings both up 14% over last year. Organic revenue growth was 9%. We delivered first quarter EPS of $1.05, a 19% improvement over the prior year adjusted EPS.  These results illustrate the strength of our business mix and reflect the positive portfolio changes we've made over the last three years.  In our Energy segment, we continued to see strong activity across all end markets, with double-digit sequential order growth. Market dynamics including the ongoing shift from gas to oil remained very positive for us and we anticipate the strength in this segment to continue.  Within our Engineered Systems segment, our refrigeration and food equipment businesses had a great quarter capitalizing on strong customer service and product innovation. We saw strong seasonal increase in bookings in refrigeration and our well positioned to have an outstanding year.  Fluids and our other industrial businesses also performed very well. The fluids' performance was driven by the significant investments we've made the last several quarters. Solid business trends continue as bookings grew nicely. I am very pleased with the first quarter performance in Engineered Systems and am confident they'll have a great year.  At our Communication Technology segment, we saw a solid life science and commercial aerospace markets and strong MEMS microphone activity in the first quarter. We continued to ramp production at Sound Solutions and expand capacity at Knowles. We anticipate a stronger back half of the year as Knowles and Sound Solutions benefit from new design wins connected with anticipated OEM product releases.  Within our Printing and Identification segment, the new products introduced by the Markem-Imaje team are winning in the marketplace. We believe our new products coupled with our stronger sales and service organization has enabled us to grow even in slower markets. We will continue to invest in products and people to draw a stronger global growth at Markem-Imaje.  Overall, I am pleased with our margin performance in the first quarter. Our productivity and cost takeout initiatives enable us to continue to invest for growth. We ended the quarter with a solid book-to-bill of 1.06 despite some anticipated market softness, most notably in Europe.  I am also very pleased with the significant progress we achieved on several other fronts during the quarter. We continued to work on the ramp of new customers and products at Sound Solutions. The magnitude of this undertaking and the related market opportunity is significant. By the end of our first quarter, we had two semi automated lines up and running in our Beijing factory and we expect that number to at least double by the end of the second quarter. These lines enable us to increase volume, improve yield and margin and increase our customer service flexibility.  We also made progress on our globalization efforts. I'm happy to report these efforts are bearing fruit as we are now winning business in smaller markets like the Middle East, Australia and Russia. For example, our Energy segment recently won a major contract, significantly increasing our business in Australia.  I was also pleased we closed on the Quattroflow and Maag Pump acquisitions in the first quarter. These deals fit in our strategy of expanding our Fluids platform. We believe that adding pump technology, integrating our manufacturing book ramp (ph) and leveraging our global sales channel that allows us to create value for our customers.  Finally, our acquisition pipeline remains active. We expect to announce another acquisition in our Energy segment within the next few weeks and would hope to announce additional deals in our growth spaces in the coming months.  With that, let me turn it over to Brad. 
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Brad. I am more confident on 2012 than just a short 90 days ago. Our Energy and Engineered System segments had a strong first quarter and are well positioned to produce excellent results for the balance of the year.  Printing and Identification is facing tough comps and a slower economy in Europe in the first half. I do, however, expect a stronger showing in the second half as we benefit from our people and product investments, improved productivity and a modest second quarter restructuring.  Communication Technologies is investing quite heavily in the first half on automation at Sound Solutions, capacity expansion at Knowles as well as significant design win efforts. Anticipated second half product launches, benefits from automation and additional capacity will be quite noticeable in our second half results.  I expect Dover's second half revenue to be up about 6% to 7% from the first half and anticipate solid leverage on the increased volume.  As I look across Dover, I am extremely pleased with our positioning. Trends and global energy demand and wireless communication, a recovering US economy and the continuing opportunities in emerging economies fit well with the focus and the direction of our businesses. We maintain our focus and financial flexibility to continue to expand in our five growth spaces. We are poised to have a great year with record revenue, earnings and cash flow.  In closing, I'd like to thank our team for a very solid start to the year. As always, your focus on customers, productivity and winning in the marketplace has enabled us to begin 2012 on a very positive note.  With that, Paul, let's take some questions. 
Bob Livingston: And the second half margins get us back to the historical margins that we saw and continue to expect from Sound Solutions. 
Bob Livingston: It's a matter of timing. We have worked quite diligently in the second half of last year, the first quarter of this year, continuing to work on it for more design wins. But we believe the design wins that we need for the second half production ramp have been won and it is a matter of product launches with the customers. 
Bob Livingston: International is growing for us. Actually it's the fastest growing part of our Energy business right now. We had a great first quarter. The guys did an outstanding job. But our downstream business, Shannon, is also growing nicely. If you look at the guidance that we have provided here, that Brad provided earlier here on the revenue guidance for the year, the comps do get tougher.  We are not – we are not forecasting significant volume increases in our Energy business beyond the first quarter level. We do have some increases but they're not significant. I think if I remember correctly the second half of 2012 for our Energy business is up low single-digits over the first half. And we do expect the rig count to be moderating here as we go through the year. 
Bob Livingston: I would say that the first two lines that we have brought up in Beijing have come online slower than we would have liked and actually slower than we believed four or five months ago, Jeff. As of the end of the first quarter we do have two lines commissioned. They are fully owned now by production and we're focused on getting at least two more lines up in the second quarter and we expect the commission of these two lines perhaps even a third one, to be much more efficient and quicker than we experienced with the first two. 
Bob Livingston: And, Jeff, and folks, this is an acquisition addition into our production segment in Energy, around artificial lift. 
Bob Livingston: Gosh. Nigel, the only reason I'm commenting on this Energy deal is because it's sort of already in the public space. We've received HSR approval. And that's – beyond that, I really don't want to comment on size or number of deals in the backlog or the pipeline. It's – we never know we're going to close one until we close it. 
Bob Livingston: We did have positive organic growth in the first quarter. It's really modest. And I have to tell you that as we started the year, January was a bit of a hold for us, that the revenue was quite a bit less than we expected. And we were feeling it most notably in Europe. February and March activity returned to normal and expected levels.  The second half of the year actually is a pretty strong forecast for Markem-Imaje and as of right now, Nigel, our internal plan, we've backed off a point or so on the internal plan from what we had 90 days ago. But the internal plan for Markem-Imaje is still high single-digits organic growth for the year. 
Bob Livingston: Goodness. Let's see. I'm not sure I can give you both numbers. I know Markem-Imaje was a positive book-to-bill. I think Markem-Imaje book-to-bill in the first quarter was 1.03. The electronics in semi and solar obviously would have been a less than one. 
Bob Livingston: Let me give you one quick comment on solar. It's low. I think we've got less than $40 million of revenue in our plan for 2012 for solar. Okay. So let me go to semi. I think we shared this with the audience on the January call that we felt or believed at that time that we had hit a trough in the third quarter of last year on bookings. And that trend continues to hold. I think our fourth quarter sequential bookings improvement in semi was up about – like 18%.  First quarter over fourth quarter, sequentially up about 7% or 8%. And we expect some very, very modest improvements in that business throughout the year off of the first quarter order rate. On revenue for semi, first quarter was our trough. That would fit with the order rates and we expect a little bit of improvement throughout the year in semi revenue. But it is still pretty modest.  I think in our total forecast for Dover, I think we've got $200 million of revenue in for semi. 
Bob Livingston: I know. That's always – my response would have to be that it's possible. But it's very, very difficult to pinpoint anything, Terry. Your comment on HP, we came into the year and the Hill PHOENIX folks did expect their market to be up in 2012 over 2011. And that has been the case in their first quarter. The guys had a very, very strong first quarter. Their revenue was up 20% year-over-year.  And the bookings, the bookings increase was a similar number. I will tell you, we're not – the guidance we're giving you here on revenue for the year, we are not raising the Hill PHOENIX plan. And maybe that goes back to your question. It is difficult for us – it is difficult for us to have great visibility into the second half right now. We believe we're going to have a very strong first half at Hill PHOENIX. We're at this point in time, we're holding the annual plan for Hill PHOENIX.
Bob Livingston: Well, John. You're right. It did not have the growth rates in their first quarter that drilling and production did. But, John, don't ask me to apologize for 14% growth in our downstream business. It was a pretty solid quarter for the guys.  The growth for the year, we're forecasting double-digit, low double-digit growth for the downstream business for the year. I think the low natural gas prices will have a positive influence on activity and projects in downstream markets. I don't think you're going to see a surge in business in the second quarter or the third quarter but I think you are going to see an increase in permitting and interest and quote activity as the year goes on.  I would tell you to think more about the downstream business as having a bump from the low natural gas prices as being a bit of a tailwind for us late this year and going into 2013. 
Bob Livingston: So, let me remind you that I think even on the January call I commented about how strong the bookings were at Hill PHOENIX in the fourth quarter. They were quite a bit stronger than we had anticipated. So, John, to be frank, coming into their first quarter there were probably some questions or concerns that maybe for whatever reason, project timing and customer decisions that some 2012 business that we were expecting had been pulled into 2011. Well, the first quarter sort of proved that concern to be false. The business increase at Hill PHOENIX was very broad based. It was not driven, I think you're referring to the big projects at Wal-Mart and Target. It was not – we had nice increase with both of those customers, but it was not driven significantly so by those customers. We had very strong business increases in Canada and Mexico, which has been a focus for the business over the last couple of years to grow the business outside of the US. And did we take share? We think we did. We believe that at least on the data we're looking at the end of February. I do not have full first quarter data. But through the end of February our share of the Case business is up about 4% to 5%. I'm talking low 40s. 
Bob Livingston: Okay. Well, Brad can probably share some data points with you, but I don’t think we would talk about Europe and use the word strengthening. In Europe we have the most significant presence obviously with our Markem-Imaje business, with our SWEP business and with some of our semi and solar activity. Europe as actually as a percentage of our revenue, was actually rather flat with what it's been over the last several quarters at 17%.  If you exclude the impact of Sound Solutions, because obviously part of Sound Solutions is European, if you exclude the impact of Sound Solutions, our European revenue in the first quarter was down 1% I think. Brad, is that right? And you hate to cheer a negative number but I was pleased with their business performance in Europe in the first quarter. 
Bob Livingston: Taking share – Scott, we see AAC at one customer. Our MEMS business in the first quarter on revenue was up – what was it, Brad, 25%, 24%, 25%. And our handset business, our activity was up like 25% and other MEMS business like tablets and some other applications it was up 20%. You're going to see some changes from quarter to quarter. We think our business is doing quite well. 
Bob Livingston: Gosh. You're asking me to comment on someone else's acquisition and I really don't want to do that, Scott. If you go back to what we shared with everyone at Dover Day, with the strategy we have for our Printing and Identification segment, we do want to look for other printing applications that just necessarily would not be an add-on to Markem-Imaje. But do expand our play in other printing applications. The one you're referring to is that an example? That would be an example. 
Bob Livingston: Let me deal first with what our assumptions are in our planning for the rig count. When you look at averages, we still – we've taken down the rig count deployment for 2012 slightly from where we were 90 days ago. But we're still looking at about an 8% year-over-year increase in average rig count deployment. At year-end here in the US for the December quarter, I think the number was like 1973 or 1975 rigs. The average in the first quarter here in the US was actually down a bit.  And we believe that the second quarter here in the US is going to be flat with the first quarter. You'll see some noise during the quarter but flat with the first quarter. For North America, I would say the commentary is similar for North America, which is primarily we're adding Canada.  The question you're asking about content on the rigs, actually affects – it has little impact on our drilling business and our drilling business had a very, very strong first quarter. Actually of the three segments, they had the strongest growth. Our growth in drilling in the first quarter was 30%, Steve. And I don't have the slices and the detail on this, but I would guess that perhaps as much as a third of that growth could be share gains in the first quarter.  Would that continue? We fully expect that to continue. 
Bob Livingston: Okay. Goodness. I guess my first comment would be every single deal is so unique and so specific to the seller and the market opportunity. I think I've shared this comment on the January call that if you look at the last three years, I think our average PE on trailing EBITDA, Brad, help me here, 8.5, 8.3 or maybe pushing 9? It was in that range. 
Bob Livingston: Eight to nine range. And I wouldn't change my comment on the deals that are, I call them the closed end deals that we have in our pipeline. The multiples are rather constant. That doesn't mean that there haven't been some deals we've seen that have gone at higher prices and we've just elected to not chase the higher prices. 
Bob Livingston: Well, the – as Brad commented for the first quarter, our business was up about 11%. We're going to have very strong growth in this business for the year with a significant chunk of the growth coming from the Maag acquisition as we've shared. But you're asking on specific areas, I tell you, it's very, very broad based. We have seen parts of this business continue to do very, very well in Europe and China even with all of the reported slowdowns in market activity.  We've also seen a couple of smaller parts of the pump portfolio that have been impacted by the slowdown in Europe and especially some of the tempering or the slowdown in construction activity in China. But the business continues to expand. This is a very, very balanced global business for us. It's probably as equally balanced between US, Europe and emerging economies with an emphasis in China and Asia as any other business we have in our entire portfolio. And I tell you, the 11% growth in their first quarter I think is a pretty good indication of what we would expect from this business for the balance of the year absent the positive impact from the acquisition. 
Bob Livingston: Thirteen percent. And the down part was telecom infrastructure. Some of the other was up for the year. It changes significantly for the year. I think we're looking at negative growth in telecom other for the year to be only like a minus 1% or minus 2%, minus 3%. 
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So, as Bob indicated, we expect to close a deal in the Energy space in the next couple of weeks. Size-wise, it's roughly going to mean about a $100 million of sales on an annualized basis for us in our Energy business. Purchase price, it's going to be around $220 and so we're excited about adding that to the Energy business. It will be just very slightly dilutive for us this year because of deal costs and amortization step-ups, especially on the inventory as it turns out, Jeff.  But this has high margins like other businesses we've done in the Energy space. Other acquisitions we’ve done. 
Brad Cerepak: We only owned it for about two weeks. So it was kind of neutral within the first quarter. But for the second quarter we're going to see that those costs, those initial start – in essence roll out of the inventory in the second quarter. And so the second quarter will get hit by about, I would say about $0.01 to $0.02 of dilution. And then as the year progresses, we expect that to now be slightly accretive for us, Jeff.  Very, very strong business performance so far in this year. Even for the period that we didn't own them. We have high expectations for the rest of the year on that business. 
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So, I guess if I just generally speaking we said at Dover Day total Dover, total Dover would be up somewhere between 40 to 70 bps. And one of the things that is influencing that overall number at this stage is the Maag acquisition. So, you've got – that was not known at the time of the Dover Day guidance and so that brings down our total Dover about 20 bps or so.  So, total Dover, we're looking at going from about a 17 actual to up somewhere between 17 to 17.3 or so. As I think about the segments, generally speaking I would say the margin rate we've had in DE in the first quarter of about – it's almost 25%. We should see a little bit of improvement in that throughout the year.  DES also at almost 15. We’ll see a little bit of improvement throughout the year on DES as they continue to get leverage on volume. DPI, obviously we have expectations that the second half will be better than the first and better than the first quarter and we'll see some significant improvement there. As well as in our Communication Technologies group. 
Brad Cerepak: It's basically flat quarter-to-quarter. Sequentially flat and as Bob said, slightly down year-over-year. 
Brad Cerepak: And with respect to the second question, you're right. When we were at Dover Day, if that's what you're referring to, we expected acquisitions to add a few points greater than what we see now. And it goes back to the discussion we had about the softness in our business in Sound Solutions. If you recall, we treat acquisitions organic once we hit that date we acquired it. So, it's really a first half number for Sound Solutions. And that's the way – that's the impact that you're seeing there. Slightly slower volume. 
