Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning, and welcome to Dover's fourth quarter earnings call. As Jackie said, with me today are Bob Livingston, Dover's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today's call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's fourth quarter and full year operating and financial performance and our outlook for 2011. We will then open the call up to questions. In the interest of time, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through February 11, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is (800) 642-1687. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following reservation code, 36618220. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statements. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. And at this point, we'd like to open up the call to questions. But I would like to remind everybody, in the interest of getting everybody's question in, and if we can limit it to one question, a single question, not a multi-part question, and one follow-up, that would be very helpful. So at this point, Jackie, please queue the questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you very much. We appreciate your time, this morning, spending on the conference call. We look forward to speaking to you next quarter. And for those who didn't get to ask questions, I apologize and feel free to give me a call later in the day. Thanks again. Bye.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Well, it's fair to say we had a great year capped off by a strong fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter orders were up 23%, and revenue increased 24%. I was pleased to see broad-based revenue gains and margin expansion with all segments achieving double-digit revenue growth and higher margins. Furthermore, we saw the continuing improvement in the majority of our end markets, most notably those served by Electronic Technologies, Energy and Material Handling. Many of the tailwinds that helped produce our strong 2010 results are continuing. To name just a few: Knowles continues to benefit from the growing handset market, especially the strong growth in smartphones. As a result of this growth, we expanded capacity for MEMS microphones 20% in 2010. And in 2011, capacity will increase at an even greater rate. Our electronic equipment companies had a very strong year and continue to diversify their end markets. This is best illustrated by DEK's significant penetration in the solar equipment space. Solar products represented 37% of DEK's fourth quarter revenue, and we expect it to continue to grow. Our Energy platform continues to benefit from increased rig count deployment, rising oil prices and an increase in shale drilling. We see this market remaining robust in 2011. Businesses within our Material Handling platform are seeing improved industrial production and rising investment in infrastructure projects, which have provided them a much better marketplace. The fourth quarter marks the sixth consecutive quarter of sequential revenue increases in this platform. A personal objective of mine is our geographic expansion. I was pleased to see our focus on developing economies result in full year growth of 50% for Asia and 52% for Latin America. The fourth quarter marked the second consecutive quarter our Asian revenue exceeded Europe's revenue. Acquisitions have also been a major focus for us, as we worked on a full pipeline of deals. In 2010, we closed on six add-on acquisitions for a combined purchase price of $105 million. We've closed four more deals this month for a total price of $425 million, including Harbison-Fischer. In December, we announced our intention to acquire the Sound Solutions business of NXP Semiconductors, and we still expect this acquisition to close around the end of the first quarter. I'm extremely excited with all of our recent acquisitions. As our pipeline rebuilds, we will continue to be acquisitive in our five growth spaces. I am very pleased with our excellent performance in 2010 and our focus on customers, share gains, geographic expansion and productivity. I am convinced we have built a foundation to produce even stronger results in 2011. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Brad. We had an excellent 2010. And as Brad just indicated, we are expecting even stronger results in 2011. Given the size and strategic importance of Harbison-Fischer and Sound Solutions, I'd like to provide a quick recap of each deal. Harbison-Fischer is a leading manufacturer of rod pumps used in artificial lift applications in the oil and gas markets. This addition to our Energy platform expands our product portfolio and enables us to deliver a more complete rod lift solution to our customers. The transaction also increases our scale and allows us to better penetrate the attractive international oil and gas markets. Harbison-Fischer will contribute roughly $160 million to full-year revenue and will increase the revenue of our Energy platform to roughly $1.2 billion in 2011. Sound Solutions is a leading manufacturer of speakers and receivers used in cell phones and other wireless devices. By adding the products and capabilities of Sound Solutions, Knowles will become the leading audio supplier in the fast growing mobile handset industry. Sound Solutions' 2010 full year revenue was $330 million, and when added to Knowles, will create an industry leader with annual revenue well in excess of $800 million. Looking forward to 2011, I believe the focus we have on product innovation, geographic expansion, leveraging our scale and disciplined capital allocation has us very well-positioned for the future. A growing economy worldwide, coupled with increased demand for energy, wireless communications in the rising middle class and developing economies should provide significant opportunities for Dover. In short, I believe the future is quite bright for Dover, and I expect strong results in 2011. In closing, the results we posted in 2010 do not just happen. It required the concerted efforts of our entire organization. I'd like to personally thank everyone at Dover for their commitment and contributions to a very fine year. With that, I'll turn it back to Paul for questions.
Robert Livingston: Well, what we said on the call was we would expect to be able to complete that at the end of the first quarter, early second quarter, which would mean we have 3/4 of the year. You'll remember $330 million was their sales in 2010, and growing at a rate of in excess of 10%. So what we said was we would pick up 3/4 of their sales. We said on an EPS basis that it would have a minor attrition impact of $0.01 to $0.02. Now, Nigel, that does include deal cost in there. As we continue to close out that deal, you'll have about $10 million to $15 million of deal cost.
Robert Livingston: Well, answer the second part first, it's coming from through on net productivity. Let me start to answer that question by going back to what happened in 2010. We entered 2010 saying we'd be 50 basis point to 60 basis point headwind. We closed out the year in the range of about a 30 basis point headwind. I would say 2011, we expect much the same at this point in the year. We see about a 30 basis point headwind. We are obviously most susceptible to increases in copper, and that's why we see this price commodity squeeze at SWEP. That's the biggest piece of it. Let's say half of that is -- a third of that is SWEP and the other parts really being steel in our other businesses in not only DES, but also in the Energy side.
Robert Livingston: Shannon, we ended the year looking at a rig count here in North America of a little in excess of 2,100. We see the rig count deployment increasing slightly in the first half, decreasing a little bit in the second half for perhaps a net add of the year of only about 3%. That's what we're using in our model. With respect to capacity, I think the only business over the last few months within our Energy group, that we've had serious discussions on with respect to capacity constraints, has been U.S. Synthetics. And we embarked on a rather significant capacity addition project at U.S. Synthetics in August, and that will be completed by the end of the first quarter, early second quarter. We think we're in a good position with capacity for 2011.
Robert Livingston: 1.09 book-to-bill for Hill PHOENIX in the fourth quarter. And we are loading quite well for first quarter revenue and the coming ramp up in the second quarter.
Robert Livingston: The fourth quarter -- I guess the two areas that were stronger in the fourth quarter than we anticipated were really -- I'd have to comment first on Electronic Technologies. We were actually expecting revenue to be slightly down sequentially in the fourth quarter. We actually ended up with a sequential increase of 6%. It was we saw the increase both in our Components businesses, especially at Knowles, but also in our Tech Equipment businesses. In addition to revenue in the fourth quarter at DET, our bookings remained fairly strong in the fourth quarter. We had a little bit better performance in the fourth quarter at Engineered Systems. If you recall, we had a long discussion on the October call about the sequential declines resulting from the seasonality at Hill PHOENIX in the fourth quarter, and we're telling you that we were looking at sales declining in the fourth quarter in Hill PHOENIX by about $110 million or $115 million. The decline was not that severe. The decline ended up being about $90 million or $95 million.
Robert Livingston: Well, we haven't closed on Sound Solutions yet, so we're not going to provide guidance on Sound Solutions. But if you -- I'll repeat what Brad shared earlier in the call. Revenue at Sound Solutions last year was about $330 million. We are expecting revenue from that business for the entire year to be up about 10%. If we closed April 1, we'll capture 3/4 of that. We are taking some fairly healthy upfront charges as we close on Sound Solutions here in another two or three months, both deal costs, as well as some purchase accounting charges. And for 2011, our outlook right now would be for $0.01 or $0.02 on EPS. But I'm going to remind you, again, we haven't closed on this deal yet.
Robert Livingston: Well, Brad's going to give you a detailed response. My first response, Wendy, would be, the primary driver of our increased cash flow is our improving margins. You start with that.
Robert Livingston: If you're asking me to comment on what our competitors are doing with respect to adding capacity, I can't do that, Scott. The capacity increase at Knowles last year, about 20%, our production capacity in 2010 was fully utilized. We are increasing capacity again in 2011, a little bit higher rate than we did in 2010. We will probably -- our goal, our objective is to actually have a little surplus capacity at Knowles in the fourth quarter just to help us deal with some, I call it push outs and pull ins, that we see in this industry. Another important point. We are adding some MEMS capacity in 2011 outside of China. This capacity add, we'll keep it in Asia, but we are going to start adding some capacity in a different country in Asia other than China. That capacity, hopefully, will be on line in the latter part of year. Hopefully, by the start of the fourth quarter. And that will end up being a little bit of our, what we've defined as our surplus or safety capacity.
Robert Livingston: We do have competition today that is shipping production MEMS microphones that we did not see two years ago. I think the one that everyone is aware of is the company in Asia by the name of AAC. If you were to look at the total MEMS microphones shipped in 2010, we believe we shipped 90%, 92%, 93% 95% of the total MEMS microphones shipped into the cell phone industry in 2010.
Robert Livingston: Well, certainly, because of the tax rate, that's right. We did have, as you know, those discrete items in the fourth quarter. We have guided on our annual rate of 28% to 29%, which is be a little bit of improvement off of Dover Day, but that would be a good rate to use for the first quarter.
Robert Livingston: We don't expect any major change in the first half or the first quarter on commodities. Really, I would say, we caught up a bit in terms of our strategic pricing and our pricing on...
Robert Livingston: Well, I don't have growth rates here in front of me on all the pieces you're asking about. Yes, we do expect pretty strong growth in 2011 from Knowles. For the other two businesses within Communication Components, I'd label that as mid-single digit growth for the year. With respect to our three equipment companies, I would say, three months ago, we were probably looking at Electronic Assembly and Semiconductor Test being flat or perhaps even slightly down in 2011. We did a much stronger fourth quarter in both of those spaces than we anticipated, both orders as well as revenue. And our outlook today for Semiconductor Test and Electronic Assembly would be mid-single digit growth in 2011. I want to clarify something. We talked about Knowles, and I've mentioned our MEMS growth at 20% capacity add in 2010 and an even greater growth rate in capacity in 2011. I'm referring to a part of Knowles. We are not, obviously, forecasting that type of growth in our Hearing Aid business.
Robert Livingston: It is more of a topic of discussion today, Jeff, than it was six or nine months ago. And yes, we see all of the announcements that everyone here on the call sees, and we are having some discussions. I'm not going to predict anything. But I think there will be some reshaping of the portfolio over the next 18 months. Also, we had no announcements to make.
Robert Livingston: Well, Jeff, I mean, let me -- look, we didn't hit the exact numbers that we had forecasted at Hill PHOENIX in the fourth quarter, but directionally, the forecast and the guidance was actually fairly close. I'm not going to sit here and claim that the stronger revenue in the fourth quarter was nothing other than some pulling of orders and some acceptance of orders that we thought, initially, would be deferred into the first quarter. The quarter, from a revenue and a product shipment point of view, came in about as we expected, no surprises. From a bookings point of view, yes, it was a little bit stronger than we anticipated. Bookings for Hill PHOENIX in the fourth quarter were $180 million, $183 million, Brad, and up rather significantly year-over-year. We're actually seeing some orders that we believe are reflective of the continued strong remodel program in the space. And our outlook for the year for Hill PHOENIX, I think the patterns, the seasonal patterns are going to be very similar, but our outlook for the year is mid-single digit revenue growth.
Robert Livingston: So, John, let me add a little bit of color to that. When you look at 2010, the quarter that was a little bit of an upside surprise to us, with respect to our forecasting and planning, was the fourth quarter. It typically is not that strong. So when you look at 2011, we would expect positive comps for the first three quarters. The quarter that I have a concern about with respect to comps is the fourth quarter of next year.
Robert Livingston: Well, yes. What I call the basic single microphone between a low-end smartphone and a higher-end smartphone will be essentially the same. What you do see, and I call it the more feature-rich smartphones, is the addition of the second microphone for noise suppression. So on the lower price point smartphones, you'll typically see one microphone. And on many, not all, but on many of the higher-priced smart phones, you'll see two microphones.
Robert Livingston: John, the Product ID business has continued to perform very, very well over the last six months, 12 months and 18 months. If there's any disappointment, I think we're about a year late with some of our product launches. And we started, we had a significant new product launch in the fourth quarter of '10 that has been well received. We have several more product launches scheduled for the first half of '11, the second half of '11 and going into 2012, that we're very excited about, our sales organization is very enthused with. But my qualifying comment, I'll repeat it, I think we're about a year late with some of our product launches, and it's disappointing.
Robert Livingston: We're looking at net rig count in our modeling to be up, I'll call it, low- to mid-single digits for the year. We do expect it to be a little bit stronger comps in the first half and the second half.
Robert Livingston: Well, there's not a direct correlation. This is a strong correlation, but it's not 100%. One of the things that we'd probably get a little bit of extra revenue on the correlation line, with respect to the rig counts, is the amount of shale drilling that goes on. We do have a little bit stronger play there than we do a normal rig.
Robert Livingston: Well, in my prepared comments, I said that you can do the math, Steve. In our prepared comments, I said with the addition of Sound Solutions, the combined business now is well in excess of $800 million in revenue. And the MEMS business prior to Sound Solutions, that's a pretty good number. The MEMS business would be about 65% of Knowles' total.
Brad Cerepak: I guess in terms of, you're asking -- let me clarify, I guess you're asking how does volume look fourth quarter into the first quarter? We normally don't -- as you know, we normally don't give quarterly guidance. But I would say, sequentially, I'd say the fourth quarter into the first quarter, we're going to be pretty much at the same level. I would give you some color this way. I would say 2011, the way I think about the way revenue will flow in 2011 is the first half, on a year-over-year basis, will be stronger than the second half. It'll be in the mid-teens in the first half of the year going down to the mid-single digits in the second half of the year. Tougher comps in the second half of the year. But again, fourth quarter to first quarter, if that's your question, pretty much, I would say, they're going to be on equal footing.
Brad Cerepak: And I guess just to add a little bit to that, like we said on the call, why it's $0.01 or $0.02 EPS, because of additional purchase accounting, amortization and deal cost. If you'll recall, the EBITDA, the historical EBITDA and the run rate of that EBITDA business is in the high 20s. And so we would expect to see that kind of additive EBITDA to Dover as we go forward.
Brad Cerepak: And you know, we did finish the year on a very strong note, Wendy, and we did achieve 11%, 10.8%, 11% in 2010. And I would tell you, I think -- and our teams did a great job on receivables and we've made some progress on inventory, but our expectation is there's more to do there. And so we will continue to go to work on receivables and inventories throughout 2011. We finished our working capital as a percent of sales at about 17.8%. We think there's room for improvement there.
Brad Cerepak: Well, I can't give you a rundown on the entire outlook for CapEx. I will point out that the major projects for adding capacity in 2011: Knowles, U.S. Synthetics within our Energy business and some expansion at our electronic campus in China for continued growth. I'd also point out that a couple of major projects that we're funding in 2011 at Sargent and at Tulsa Winch are productivity projects.
Brad Cerepak: Well, we already gave you what our expectations were on the organic side. And so the way I think about it is that organic growth will continue to mean that we're expanding our segment dollars because of how we convert that. But I think, sitting here today, we would say that the margins, the very, very high levels we saw in the fourth quarter for DET, I would expect that they'll continue to hold those through 2011. So we'll see less margin expansion in DET, but we'll certainly see the dollar's coming through on the segment side.
