Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich, and good morning everyone. Let's go to slide six. On the top is the Revenue Bridge. Our top line organic revenue increased by 11% in the quarter, with all segments, except Clean Energy & Fuel posting growth. FX was a 1% or 12 million headwind to the top line, M&A added $17 million net to the to the top line in the quarter, a product of $26 million from acquisitions partially offset by $9 million from the Unified Brands divestiture. The revenue breakdown by geography reflects strong growth in North American and Asia, and solid growth across Europe and the rest of the world. The U.S., our largest market posted 16% organic growth in the quarter on solid trading conditions and industrial [wrenches] [Ph], vehicle aftermarket, biopharma, and polymer processing. All of Asia was up 15% organically, and growth in biopharma, industrial pumps, marketing, coding, and heat exchangers. China, which represents approximately half of our business in Asia, was up 17% organically in the quarter. Europe grew by 7% in the quarter on strong shipments and precision components, biopharma, industrial pumps, natural refrigerant systems, and heat exchangers for heat pumps, partially offset by order timing in sustainable beverage can making. Moving to the bottom of the page, bookings were up 22% organically in the quarter, reflecting continued broad-based momentum across the portfolio. Bookings helped drive our consolidated backlog to $3.2 billion, up 15% sequentially, inclusive of backlogs from our recent acquisitions. In the quarter, we saw organic growth across four of the five segments. Let's go to the earning bridges on slide seven. On the top chart, adjusting segment EBIT was up $47 million and adjusted EBIT margin improved 60 basis points as improved volumes continued productivity initiatives and strategic pricing offset input cost inflation and production stoppages. On the bottom of the chart, adjusted net earnings improved by $34 million as higher segment EBIT more than offset higher corporate expenses and higher taxes. Deal expenses primarily related to our clean energy acquisitions were 11 million in the quarter, representing approximately $0.06 of adjusted EPS headwind. The effective tax rate, excluding discrete tax benefits and gains on the sale of businesses was approximately 21.7% for the quarter compared to 21.1% in the prior year. Discrete tax benefits were $10.3 million for the quarter, or $2.1 million higher than 2020, for approximately $0.01 year over year EPS impact. After-tax right-sizing and other costs were 22 million in the quarter reflective of our ongoing productivity and right-sizing initiatives, including non-cash asset charges of approximately $16 million. Now on slide eight. In 2021, we generated $944 million of free cash flow, a slight increase over the prior year. Free cash flow conversion stands at 12% of revenue for the year despite and over $300 million investment in working capital. As we discussed last quarter, we remain focused on delivering against our customer's strong order rates, and we are carrying high inventory levels to ensure we can meet the current demand into next year. With that, I'm going to pass it back to Rich.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, I would just add I think we have a modest forecast of inventory drawdown. Depending on how the year progresses, there could be come incremental there.
Brad Cerepak: The only thing I would add to that is that we got to be a little bit. Andrey and Jack could help with this. There's a little bit of effort around the acquisitions impact on conversion. So, when we give a range there, we think about that range, pre those impacts that we've disclosed in the script we had, which was $40 million for the year, depending on how you're doing your calculations that can impact conversion.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, on the other hand too, our forecast does not assume that we need to get price in the back-half of the year. I mean, we we've been putting price in as you know, and as you track in the quarterly results that we put out, but we're not sitting here saying to hit this forecast, we need to have big price increases in the back-half. That's not in the forecast. And I think that, what that means is we'll be proactive on price when we need to.
Brad Cerepak: Julian, I'm going to send you to the back office to go and deal with that. I mean, we're going to start carving this into pieces here.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. Well, it's meaningful on the top line and on the earnings line. And I think Andrey can walk through that with you.
Brad Cerepak: We are -- we did a billion in '21, where our goal is to do $2 billion in '22. And as I mentioned before, it's not really cost takeout, it's not the advantage here. The advantage is across the entire complex, meaning inventory management, the ability to do pricing centrally, the ability to do dynamic pricing, SKU management. So, you're just going to have to look at that as a portfolio move, and it's part and parcel to us, extracting synergy across the portfolio through those initiatives rather than trying to parse it by operating company by -- or segment.
Richard Tobin: Well, I guess -- yes, I guess, now that we've disposed with the federal mandate, hopefully, I mean that was not helpful at all, it is getting better. I think that the quarantine period being halved has helped. So, it's not as bad as the peak, which was probably in December, but it is lingering somewhat into January, but it's not as bad.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I mean I -- look, we expected to ship that. Now, whether we would have been caught up in receivables, who is to say? But my view is we would have expected to maybe have a slight increase in inventory based on the revenue. But our expectation for 2022, if we get this right, which we expect we will, is that we're going to give back that build net of revenue increase for the year. So, I expect to do better in working capital in 2022 than we did in '21.
Richard Tobin: Look, at the end of the day is we can't call it Food Equipment anymore since we disposed of the food equipment business. So, by and large, we had to rename it. The fact of the matter is, and I don't want to get cheeky about ESG-driven nomenclature here, is that the fastest growing portions of that segment are in sustainability technologies, it's SWEP, and our CO2 systems, and Belvac, which are all driven, we would argue, by a shift to meet ESG compliance, whether that's regulatory-driven or driven by other matters. So, I get it, it looks a little bit cheeky on our part, but it is what's growing within the portfolio.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I think that that first quarter will look more or less like Q4. I think that it'll move around a little bit, segment by segment, and I would imagine a little bit better than Q4. But, at the end of the day, some of the headwinds we had in Q4 we're going to carry into Q1, a lot of that driven by, as Scott asked, the lingering effects of absenteeism, which we're still dealing with a little bit right now. Logistics costs haven't come down a lot. But more importantly, because of our inability to flush backlog in Q4, what we would have expected to be catching up on price cost dynamic is a bit delayed. But that's all -- that's all incorporate into our -- the full-year number.
Richard Tobin: There are. But the beauty of those two businesses is the fact that they're so concentrated in terms of the supply base. So, there's not a lot of M&A you can really do. But if you look where we've been spending organic capital, we've actually been deploying proportionately quite a bit to SWEP and Belvac on organic capacity expansion. So, I'm not ruling M&A out because there are some interesting adjacencies around it, but what we've been doing is just investing behind growth. And I think that SWEP will be finishing, in 2022, an expansion in all four of the geographies they participate in, for example. And I think that we've put in 15 years worth of CapEx into Belvac over the last 18 months or so. So, it's more of organic play, I think.
Richard Tobin: Yes, well, the growth rates are going to come down. I mean let's call a spade a spade here. I mean, everything get clocked in for, what, 30% for the year, something like that. So, they're going to come down over time. And we don't have that kind of growth rate for that business embedded into our forecast for 2022. We also do not embed in our forecast any margin dilution because of COVID demand roll-off, because we think that the fundamental demand for the -- for those products is solid. And I would have hoped that [Danaher] [Ph] could have done a better job talking about it since they are a market participant in the same space. We believe that the growth rate will come down as COVID demand begins to roll off. We don't envision it going negative in '22, nor do we think that margins are going to be negatively impacted.
Richard Tobin: The answer to the first question is yes, so the entire company in Q2. And yes again in terms of margin enhancement, especially in Engineered Products.
Richard Tobin: I hope so since we're greenfielding a new facility for it right now, as we speak. Yes, look, I mean we were not able to keep up with customer demand in '21. I think that we did better than some of our competitors, meaning, I think, that we captured growth opportunities. But even with that capture, I think that we were, at certain points of the year disappointing our customers with our ability to serve. So, that was what drove the decision about expanding capacity. And I think, we greenfield the facility up in Minneapolis in 2019, it's sold out. So, that's why we're expanding there. And in our disposable pump business in Germany, we are bringing assembly operations with expansion to clean room in the United States for that particular product. So, our preferred path is inorganic investment to dry growth, because that's where our returns are the highest, but having, and as we've discussed many times, look, there's no secret that these are really interesting pieces of the market and they attract very high pricing. So, we're going to have to be selective on the M&A side. I think we have some interesting things that we're looking at for sure, but I think that we can do this simultaneously inorganic and organic.
Richard Tobin: Well, let me answer the second one -- second question first, because it's easier. No, I don't think -there's a -- our plan here is not to go around distribution. Our plan here to put in e-commerce platforms is a couple things, right? I mean, it's a cost savings issue, but I think clearly the real benefit of moving to e-commerce platform form is the S&OP process gets a lot slicker inventory management gets a lot better and you can centralize pricing rather than having distributed pricing around the world. So, yes, it's a bit of cost savings, but the real benefit is operational over time and it's not a kind of go-to-market platform and we expect to continue to sell through distribution.
Richard Tobin: We were negative price cost for 2021 because of the catch up on the raw material versus price because the cycle time in terms of the inventory turns is just more difficult. Look putting the labor issues aside. So, on that alone, we've priced for raw materials inbound through the year, which we believe rolls positive in Q2 based on our forecast for production performance. And what that does, all things being equal is go back to historical operating margins that you would see from ESG and VSG back in the 2019 pre-COVID period as kind of expectation number one. The investments we're making are longer term investments that should be accretive to that '19 kind of benchmark, but we will get that over time. So, we may see some of that in '21 or in '22, but that's going to take some period of time. We're re-outfitting both of the main plants for those businesses.
Richard Tobin: Nothing like going first, I bet that -- I bet our revenue guide is not conservative when we're all said and done here, but I'll take your question anyway. Look bookings are going to slow. I mean, we've got businesses that are relatively short cycle that are bit booking into Q3. I mean, it's just inexplicable to me that there's any even need for our customers to go be beyond there at this point, right. I think we're going to get hit and it better happen, because if it doesn't happen, that means that supply chain issues are not resolving ourselves in '22 and we expect that to get progressively better. So, strangely, it's going to be a good thing if bookings decline in '22, relative to the rate that we saw in '21.
Richard Tobin: I don't think that there's any segment that's immune to it. It's just -- if you step back and you think about the nature of the product, anything that's capital goods like has got a lot of raw material exposure, and it's got a lot of complexity because just the size and the dimension of the product, as opposed to something like a connector that's made out of injection multi-plastic at the end of the day, that's more of a capacity constraint and maybe some logistics. So, the locus of the issue on supply chain is very much within engineered products, but it's not to say end-to-end refrigeration because that is more -- refrigeration in terms of its business model is more applicable to what goes on in engineered products than anything else. So, it's not as bad as it was. And it's getting better. We would've liked to see it get better in terms of logistics cost to come down. And we're seeing some of that, but we'd like to see that curve get better. We are -- if you look at our working capital number, we have built a bunch of inventory and the reason we built -- partially, the reason we built all that inventory is to get around the intermittent curtailments of production, which really cost us a lot of money. So, our goal here is, we're assuming that production curtailments are going to come down a lot versus 2021 and 2022, and then logistics and supply chain will gradually get better through the year. Those are the underlying assumptions.
Richard Tobin: No, I mean, we can look at the futures on raw materials and steel and bar and everything else. Those are -- we can buy those inputs at lower prices than we have them in inventory right now.
Richard Tobin: That's a good question. And our expectation is we did not re-price our backlog, as it was built to the detriment of our margins, nor will we re-price our backlog the other way as input costs come down.
Richard Tobin: Let me answer it, the best I can. I think the businesses that had detrimental margins in as are between in '21 are where we expect proportionally the biggest recovery in '22. We -- so and I think if you go back and look at the granularity, the comments that I mean that long winded explanation, I gave it the beginning, so and then we don't expect for margins to comedown in some of our higher performing businesses. So, the incremental margins there will be at book margin. We don't give out growth rate by business and/or segments, so you're going to have to make some assumptions there, but we give you backlog and everything else and we give you the full-year. So, I think it's safe to say, we expect robust incremental margins where we suffered in the claim one and we expect book conversion on revenue growth in the businesses that did well in '21.
Richard Tobin: Yes. We had a long discussion here, preparing for this call that question was going to come? And I think my answer to that is I'm not going there. You're asking me to predict mix into the future. I think that we have it here. At the end of the day, I just don't think it's meaningful in terms of putting a placeholder out there. The fact of the matter is we've got robust organic revenue growth, a part of that is price. But does it really make a difference if it's two and a quarter percent, or a percent and a half at this juncture? I would argue not and beyond '23, I know that Mig asked the question about pricing in the future. We're not prepared to have that discussion yet.
Richard Tobin: That was margin dilutive to the consolidated business. It was accretive to -- would have been accretive to Q4 I believe. If it was still in, but -- 
Richard Tobin: Yes, small impact at the end of the day. Look, I'm -- yes, we expect to hit our margin target for the refrigeration business in 2022. That's embedded in the forecast. And we expect robust growth out of both SWEP and Belvac back in '22, both of which are accretive -- that all of that revenue is accretive to margin.
Richard Tobin: Yes, it's a meaningful number. It's a large driver of the margin impact on engineered products. And what was the RFP, and I can't remember the name after all of this, and anyway, so -- but sizing it, I mean, maybe we can get back to you, it's meaningful, right? And that's part and parcel to why we think that we can expand profits at an absolute basis in '22, as much as we can, because we took a lot of hits by curtailing production, which really is outside of the price cost dynamic. That's just absolute lost fixed cost absorption and it goes with it.
