Richard J. Tobin: Thank you, Andrey. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us this morning's conference call. Let's get started on slide 3. Q3 organic revenue was up 6% for the quarter. The growth was broad-based across the portfolio and was positively impacted by improved production performance allowing us to ship product at a higher rate than Q3 last year particularly in the Fluids segment. Bookings in the quarter were solid with 7% organic growth with Fluids and Engineered Systems posting book-to-bill above one. Adjusted segment earnings increased 17% to $320 million contributing to 180 basis point improvement in operating margin over the comparable period. These results were driven by strong revenue conversion on volume leverage and continued improvements in productivity and cost controls more than offsetting unfavorable mix and labor cost inflation. Adjusted Q3 earnings were up 15% to $235 million and adjusted diluted EPS of $1.60 a share was up 18% year-over-year. As mentioned during our investor meeting in September this is the last period, which we'll report under the legacy segment structure. Starting at Q4, we will report using the new structure and provide full year comparative data. Overall, we are encouraged with the results in the third quarter and first nine months of 2019. Our revenue has increased organically by 5.5% year-to-date and our rightsizing and operational actions are yielding robust margin improvement with resulting increase in comparative free cash flow. We are entering the last quarter of 2019 with a solid order backlog across all our businesses as well as strong momentum and execution towards our margin targets. And as a result we are tightening our full year adjusted EPS guidance to the top end of our range from $5.82 to $5.85 per share. I'll pass it over to Brad here.
Richard J. Tobin: Well, I think that -- I don't want to comment on where we end up on Q4 bookings. We'd like to see that end. But I'll give you some color right? A lot of what we did in Q3 comparatively was based on production performance and to a certain extent order timing. So if you remember last year we were just coming out of a period in the Fluids segment where our backlog was high but that was driven by the fact that we were having trouble getting product out at this time last year. Our production performance in retail fueling was significantly better this year than it was last year, which both drove the revenue line and the margin delivery. In addition, to that in the Pumps and Process Solutions business, particularly in MAAG, we delivered basically our Q4 last year in Q3. So it was great to get the product out because these are our systems related in Q3 but that makes the Q4 comp even more difficult than even we would have estimated at the beginning of the year. The fact of the matter is if we got it out of production and it's ready to go let's ship it. In terms of backlog, I mean if you go back and look at the comments, the backlog is great. It sets us up well. But the fact of the matter is if you look in ESG, our backlog, a lot of that is flowing into 2020 as opposed to our ability to convert it into 2019 and especially so in MAAG and in precision components also. Those are longer-term systems contracts, which we're happy to have because we'd be shipping the next year. But I don't think that we're going to be able to convert them in Q4 just because of the long cycle nature of production.
Richard J. Tobin: The bigger issue in Refrigeration is not labor cost per se. It's labor availability that ends up rolling into over time, which ends up, so the labor cost net-net is up but it's -- the real struggle we're having is not the rate of labor cost, it's more of the availability. So running a bunch of overtime trying to get the product out and it is negatively impacting margins. But at the end of the day that is what we're hoping to resolve in the future by automating the process and taking a significant amount of the labor out. So if you looked at the P&L, labor costs will be up but it's not driven by rate. It's driven by the amount of OT that we're running.
Richard J. Tobin: Okay. Well look, I mean at the end of the day, I think that we've been trying to tell everybody all year that the comp in Q4 in the Fluids segment was going to be tough because we grew 17% in Q4 last year. I think, it's going to be interesting when we go to the new segments because, when you look at bookings and revenue, you've got really two different kinds of businesses in there kind of like short-cycle demand which would be fueling systems and then you've got kind of long-cycle demand. And what we have going on is, backlog is up, but it's biased toward longer-term demand which is DPC and MAAG because those are longer-term projects. This is not to say that the above -- that fueling solutions is going to have a bad fourth quarter, but the fact of the matter is that we've known all along, that we shipped a lot last year because we had a self-induced backlog and not being able to get the product out. And we've done a much better job in terms of production performance this year, which is reflected in the margins. So, there's really nothing going on so to speak other than timing differences on production performance.
Richard J. Tobin: Look, if I look at estimates for topline growth for '20 today and we haven't given out any guidance for '20, but if I look at it, I don't think that we will have an issue based on our backlog right now.
Richard J. Tobin: But clearly -- and I've read a bunch of the research reports, this notion of us kind of missing Q4. Well, we just beat Q3, so the assumption is you've got to moderate Q4. And we've been pretty clear that the topline was going to be a tough comp for Fluids in Q4.
Richard J. Tobin: I do. I do. Look, we're in the midst of consolidating on UB's platform which is causing some consternation in terms of getting the product out and some transitional costs because we're going from five to three in terms of the footprint. And we are throwing labor right now at increased volumes in door case and it's costing us some money to do that. But I think we should have some good news in terms of backlog based on what I can see in door case leading to Q4, despite the fact that Q4, the seasonality is usually one of the worst quarters. But I think we're lining up to have some good news in terms of bookings at least going into '20.
Richard J. Tobin: I think that there is an amount of caution that's out there especially through distribution about everybody trying to manage their inventories through the end of the year. I think that we performed in the Fluids segment better than we expected, especially on the underground side and that -- because of this transition with the regulatory environment on the piping, so I think the guys did a fantastic job of getting the product out, but that's kind of pulling away from Q4 to a certain extent. And we knew that that was going to slow into '20. So, we're maximizing performance, but clearly the market sentiment is not as good as it was this time last year.
Richard J. Tobin: Well there's two pieces to it, right? I think that when we referred to the margin catch-up opportunity, that was on the aboveground portion of fueling solutions. And I think if you -- we don't disclose that number, but I can tell you that that is where a significant amount of the year-over-year margin accretion has come from. So the team has done a really good job in terms of executing on that. On the belowground side, that's just pure volume, right? I think that we've had arguably leading margins in the belowground side and they've been executing well. And I believe that we've gained market share in that particular segment. So, I don't think that we've extracted everything that we can from the aboveground portion. I think that -- as I mentioned back in September, I think that we need to improve our margins in the EMEA region. But overall, I think that we're reasonably pleased, but we don't feel that we're at the end of the runway.
Richard J. Tobin: I think that the rate of weakening in MI is relatively static to last quarter, okay. So it didn't get any worse and it didn't get any better. I think that we performed well better than expected in Fluids on the underground portfolio of fueling solutions and that may be a little bit of a pull forward. EMEA, for us, as you know, is always a messy number, because we've got some substantial businesses there that export a lot. We do our best of trying to recognize revenue, but you've got a business like digital printing, for example, that had an excellent quarter, as we expected. That is -- 100% of that output is recognized in euros but it's exported around the globe. So our euro or our EMEA number is always -- it's more MEA than the E, if you follow me.
Richard J. Tobin: More the former. Right? So I think a lot of it is some of the operational issues that we had last year have been -- not fully but a lot of that has been rectified. So when I referenced the issue of improved production performance Q-to-Q that's really what I'm talking about. I think that we've made a lot of initial progress in terms of the integration, but that's really a European phenomenon for the most part. And really that's what we need to continue to work on. I think that there's been a lot of work done on it in preparation for harmonization of platforms between Wayne and Tokheim in Europe, but I don't think we're really seeing the benefit of that yet. That's to come.
Richard J. Tobin: It was mix more than anything else. If we unpack it between kind of input cost headwinds and labor inflation versus price, we're better than – in tariffs, we're better than neutral. It's really mix at the end of the day. And mix you can't control. I mean, if you look at -- let's pick one, like a company like VSG that posted an excellent top line growth, but the gross margin was down some. It's all mix related, but that's something over time that we think that we can rectify, because it's a specific product line that's kind of ramping up and we're dealing with some of the costs associated with that. So there's a lot of different initiatives that were going – that are going on and will take some negative mix. It's not price driven. We're not buying market share, but it's kind of some transitory issues in terms of building up new product lines and the like. And if you look at the geographic mix of our revenue, let's go back to the questions I talked about before and we would be pretty upfront that Fueling Solutions' EMEA margins are negative to consolidated margins and they had a pretty good quarter. So we'll take the revenue and we'll take the absolute earnings, but it comes out as a negative -- as in the negative mix. So the mix we can't really control. I think that we're trying to be disciplined in terms of pricing and a variety of other things. But you don't want to shut off the top line trying to manage gross margin.
Richard J. Tobin: I think that the market is transitioning the way that we expected it, meaning that it's now driven towards repair, refurbishment which is good. And that's what's driving the door case portion of the volume. I think the greenfield build-out has continued to be weak, so it's a negative to systems. So systems from here, it's hard to say. I mean, it's how one is a piece of a string. It's pretty damn low in terms of the demand right now, because we don't see a lot of big box greenfield expansion going out there. But we are getting slightly encouraged at least in terms of the door case demand, which is the bulk of the business and that's the part that we're intervening on in terms of its cost structure. So we feel -- based on what we can see right now and as I alluded to during -- earlier in the call, I think that we should hopefully have some good news about bookings and door case closed in Q4, which sets up 2020 better than 2019 on the systems side. I would hope that we're at the floor right now.
Richard J. Tobin: I hope so. I mean a lot of that is going to be predicated on how we execute on the startup of our automation on the Hillphoenix side of the business. So I would expect that we're going to have some hiccups in Q1 and Q2. I mean, it's a pretty big project, but I think overall I think that we can post increased margins that we're expecting to -- post increased margins on the top line next year.
Richard J. Tobin: Well, it's interesting. I think that the amount of opportunities has increased significantly over the last let's say six months, but the pricing environment is still tough. We lost out on one in Q3 that we would've liked to execute it, but the purchase price just got -- we got bid out at the end of the day. But having said that, I think that we've got a better -- a much better pipeline than we did last year, remains to be seen if we can have a meeting of the minds in terms of valuation and get them done. So I think that we feel good that based just on the number of attractive opportunities that you'll see some increased activity there.
Richard J. Tobin: I guess that's hard for me to say. It's been the same for the 1.5 years that I've been here and I've never retrospectively looked back at the processes in the past, but I think that we've got a pretty robust process for it right now. We walk away from quite a bit unfortunately considering the pricing environment. So we got to have the discipline. Like I just mentioned we spent a lot of time and money on one that we just lost out on due to valuation in the quarter and that's life sometimes. So I can't speak to the past of the process. I can just say that we are confident in the team that we have here that is objectively evaluating these businesses.
Richard J. Tobin: No. It's correct and it's what we've been guiding all year that we grew 17% on the top line Q4 last year that there was no way we were going to do that again, because that 17% growth was timing of shipments in our process solution group that some of which that we recognized in Q3 so that business will grow year-over-year. It's just a timing issue. And the fact of the matter and in fueling solutions we had a self-induced backlog of our inability to get the product out last year, which we've done much a better job this year. So our revenue growth has been more evenly blended. So it's going to be a difficult comp. I think the headline figure is going to be what it is, but I think that we're confident that we can increase absolute earnings quarter-over-quarter despite that difficult top line comp.
Richard J. Tobin: I don't want to get into -- look we haven't given that guidance for next year and I'm not going to give out sequential guidance for next year. So let's wait until we close the year, we can deal with seasonality of 2020.
Richard J. Tobin: You mean the famous $50 million? I knew, we'd finally got a question. Congratulations Pat. Yes, it's $50 million.
Richard J. Tobin: You can't stop yourself with the seasonality can you? All right. $50 million is all you've got. Thanks Pat.
Richard J. Tobin: It's better and it continues to get better as we've gone through there. Mix aside and a variety of -- just take the noise out of the numbers, it's getting better. And a lot of that is based on improved production performance year-over-year. Now the reason that we stopped disaggregating it is because we said that we were going to do it for a year and the SG&A line especially because of FX movement is now getting really messy, right, because you've got headwinds on profit translation which is offset by kind of core cost on currency which positively impacts in our case the SG&A line. So it looks like we're overcooking SG&A now. We knew this was coming as we watched FX develop through the year. So overall, look we're never completely satisfied. I think that we've been open about where we need to improve next year. But overall, I think the gross margin conversion or the operating conversion we feel good about.
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. We knew -- you can imagine as we were closing this quarter and we knew that we were going to be explaining this Q4 squeeze when we actually beat our own internal estimates for Q3 revenue in Fluids and only became -- made the problem harder. The fact of the matter is, especially as it relates to process solutions to the extent that the product is ready and we can ship it. We'd be crazy not get it out of the door and try to manage the Q4 number. So it's pumps and processes solution, especially Maag had an excellent Q4 last year. We recognize that in Q3 and I think that we've beaten this whole Fluids issue between the bad comp that was self-induced last year on the aboveground and the fact that we performed very well in Q3 in China, in Q3 and we would not expect that to do that again in Q4 on the underground side.
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. I think that the longer-cycle systems business continued to book well for us. I think on the pumps business, we saw some weakening at the end of Q3 going into Q4.
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. We think that the belowground portion has got a headwind specifically in China because of the runoff of the regulatory environment. We're working on plans to make it up in other regions at the end of the day. But clearly on the underground side, we would expect that to be a headwind going into next year.
Richard J. Tobin: I hope so, but I think it's a little too early to tell whether -- what the quantum of the underground side versus the catch-up on the aboveground side. So let's -- we don't know yet but that's kind of our planning.
Richard J. Tobin: I think that arguably year-to-date 2019 that the Fluids -- or our fluid solutions group has done the best year-over-year improvement in operations, meaning I think that we were pretty upfront last year that we were struggling with the planned consolidation in Europe that need to be rectified. And to a certain extent we were struggling, not struggling but we felt we had room to improve with our North American operations and both have improved year-over-year. So that's what it is. It's – so it's – there's no frictional cost, not a lot of overtime. We're basically – it's manifesting itself in reductions in working capital terms. A variety of different ways that we measure the performance. So it's helped us. It's part and parcel to the year-over-year revenue growth because we had the same backlog last year. We're just getting it out in a more sustained fashion this year and not squeezing it into Q4 which happened. So it's that more than re-platforming. I think that the group is doing a lot of good work on re-platforming but that's a benefit I would expect that we see in the future.
Richard J. Tobin: As I mentioned earlier, we continue to perform well in Europe. And almost inexplicably, I mean, I think I wrote that into our comments despite the bad macros and everything else. But remember too that it is an EMEA comment. It's not necessarily what we would consider the old Western Europe, right? And there are headwinds there. We run through headwinds in both DESTACO and to a certain extent VSG on our auto OEM European auto OEM volume that we've offset and we've made a lot of that up on Printing & ID that are shipping into greater EMEA. So it's not like a lot of that product is being shipped into Germany per se. A lot of it is being shipped into the Middle East and Africa. So overall I think there's some timing differences on VSG. I think that Europe was actually up, off of two previous down quarters. And the balance of it is mostly in the Printing & ID segment and on the pumps on the biopharma side.
Richard J. Tobin: No. There's all kind of signs of trade friction fallout for sure. But at the end of the day I think that the Fluids group and digital printing offset weakness in pumps I think and MI in Markem-Imaje.
Richard J. Tobin: No. I can just tell you that our estimates for Q3, we did better than we would have thought in terms of timing. Whether we can squeeze out some more growth in Q4 it remains to be seen. But we consider it to be a headwind going into 2020 just because of the end of the transition. But I can't size it.
Richard J. Tobin: No I get it. And it's – the good news for us is that we've got a variety of different – first of all, once we go to the new segment structure you're going to be able to unpack the long cycle portions of Fluids with the short cycle side. So we'll give you a lot more transparency there. So before you start taking the entire larger old segment and putting a total headwind on it of some percentage basis I would caution you, why don't you wait to Q4 and then you're going to see the split between the long cycle and the short cycle.
Richard J. Tobin: It's the latter, right? So we recognize in that particular business that there are large high-value kind of blanket orders that come in from large customers that you've got to deal with the timing of the runoff. So part of the backlog positivity that we had this quarter is the fact that ESG is beginning to bring in orders for 2020 and that's reflected in our backlog.
John Inch: Well, so, I guess part of the issue is that we're going to have tough compares into -- literally through the first three quarters of next year too. All else equal, does that prospectively subdue growth similarly and I realize there were some kind of one timer’s right in the fourth quarter.
John Inch: No, that's clear. The RF&E segment, so I mean it didn't show sequential improvement, so it deteriorated on the margins sequentially. I think you sort of explained that. The question is -- and I think the automation stuff obviously picks that back. Do you still see a path Rich to 15% to 16% margins in retail refrigeration that you outlined in the...
John Inch: It's refreshing to hear a company not managing quarters, but actually just getting the stuff shipped. Very much appreciated. Thank you.
