Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Our first quarter results were quite solid and in line with our expectations, driven by the production and downstream markets in energy, growth in consumer electronics and the performance of our recent acquisitions. We were also pleased with the level of seasonally strong bookings as we move into the second quarter. From a geographic point of view, our North American markets continue to be very solid, and our China markets remained positive. Our industrial markets in Europe were soft but did show signs of improvement in selected end markets as we ended the quarter. Though still modest, I am pleased our growth in the Middle East and Australia continues at a very healthy pace. We see many positives as we start the second quarter and are excited about our prospects. The production and downstream markets within energy as well as the consumer electronics, refrigeration and food equipment and commercial aerospace markets, should all be solid as evidenced by our strong bookings. We are also quite pleased with the performance of our recent acquisitions, which helped drive acquisition growth of 6%. With respect to our Anthony acquisition, our integration and synergy plans are ahead of schedule. We continued to execute on our previously announced share repurchase program. During the quarter, we repurchased 4 million shares for approximately $290 million. Overall, I am pleased with our results. Bookings growth of 7% and a book to bill of 1.09 gives us confidence going into the second quarter and for the remainder of the year. For the year, organic growth will be driven by new OEM product releases in the consumer electronics markets, continued strength in production and downstream energy and a recovering rig count, seasonal strength in refrigeration and our expansion initiatives in fluids with a focus on plastics and chemical verticals. Now some specific comments on our first quarter. We posted revenue of $2 billion, an increase of 4%. And our adjusted EPS of $1.10 was a 9% improvement over the prior year. In our Energy segment, increased production activity, especially international markets, and continuing strength in downstream and retail fueling are among the trends that drove solid results. We expect the rig count to continue to improve through the year and drive a higher rate of growth in the segment. At Communication Technologies, our consumer electronics revenue growth continues to be driven by new product launches. We expect the second quarter revenue within consumer electronics to show strong sequential growth and will accelerate in a very active second half. Within our Engineered Systems segment, refrigeration and food equipment markets remained solid, and our business performance was again strong. Regarding our fluids markets, results were impacted by some customer push-outs into the second quarter, but we remain well positioned as evidenced by their 1.1 book to bill. Our industrial end markets were mixed, with good results in our global auto-related markets. Within our Printing & Identification segment, a continued weak European economy and a soft barcode printing business resulted in an organic revenue decline. Our fast-moving consumer goods market continues to outperform our industrial markets in all geographies. We expect our revenue to improve as new laser equipment gains traction and we execute on a customer expansion campaign. Though we didn't close on any transactions in the first quarter, our acquisition pipeline remains active. You should expect us to continue to strengthen our company with additional deals this year. Our outlook for the year is largely unchanged from our last earnings call. We are reaffirming our previous guidance and expect to deliver full year EPS of $5.05 to $5.35. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As I mentioned earlier, I am pleased with our first quarter performance as we delivered solid results. We ended the quarter with a strong book to bill of 1.09, which bodes well as we begin the second quarter. Looking forward, I remain confident in the positions we hold in our key growth spaces. For instance, the acquisition of Anthony and our leadership in the retail refrigeration market provides us with opportunities to continue the momentum we've exhibited the last several years. Leveraging our broad product offerings, leading technology and geographic reach, we expect to generate significant revenue growth. Our close-the-case offering is gaining traction in several international markets due to retailers' concerns with higher energy costs and food safety. Of note, we booked sizable orders in Mexico, Brazil and India since the year began. We see this dynamic extending across all geographies over the course of the next 5 years. Communication Technologies will continue to grow as consumer demand for better audio products in their mobile devices remains a driving force. One OEM has already begun ramping for a new product release. We also expect several additional new OEM product launches as the year unfolds. Many of these new launches utilize 3 microphones, and even 4 when counting the headset. This trend of more content, along with secular growth in the smartphone market, will continue to drive this segment's growth. Global expansion opportunities in production and downstream have and will continue to fuel Energy's growth. Our global growth plans, along with the anticipated recovery in drilling, will result in solid revenue growth for the full year. Artificial lift products and services will drive over $60 million in incremental sales in Australia and the Middle East in 2013, and we continue to pursue internal initiatives and acquisitions to build upon this momentum. And lastly, fluids will increase revenue nicely as we continue to leverage our global distribution channels and bring our leading technology to new markets and verticals, especially the plastics and chemical markets. Our recently acquired Maag business saw tremendous success in capturing customer projects in the first quarter. In closing, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results. With that, Paul, let's take some questions.
Robert A. Livingston: No, I think your waterfall for the year on organic growth is pretty close to what we're looking at, Julian. I guess my first comment and response would be a comment on the first quarter and our organic growth of a negative 1%. Actually, I would look or point out 3 -- make 3 specific points on the first quarter. Europe for Dover was down 2% year-over-year. That was a little weaker than we expected coming into the quarter. Our Target business at Hill PHOENIX was down year-over-year as expected, about $23 million, $24 million. That's about a 1% negative decline for all of Dover. And our drilling business in the first quarter was down 9%. As we exit the quarter, again, I commented on this, a book to bill of 1.09. Very solid, very strong as we exit the quarter. And I would also say here in the early part of the second quarter, we see some improvement in Europe. The March and April activity show this. Our second and third quarter is shaping up to be a quite strong period for Hill PHOENIX and Anthony. Our acoustics business will be up in the second quarter. Not only up sequentially, Julian, but I think if we look at it year-over-year, the acoustics business, our handset business is going to be up year-over-year mid-teens to almost 20%. And we expect some strong growth, organic growth, in the second quarter from fluids just based upon the backlog we have coming into the quarter. So we -- if I were to give you a specific response on the second quarter, we've guided for the year of organic growth of 3% to 5%. The second quarter should be right in that range, and the balance of the growth obviously is in the second half of the year.
Robert A. Livingston: No. Well -- no. There wasn't anything unusual in the first quarter. But when you say the flip in Q2 or for the balance of the year, the -- I guess the variable that we are monitoring pretty closely is the rig count. And we do expect the rig count to continue to improve through the balance of the year. That will have -- that direction of change does have a little bit of bearing on the margins on Energy. But we expect a fairly solid year from Energy for 2013.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. Well, your first question was about margins in the first quarter and the outlook for the year. We do expect margins to continue to improve at Comm Tech as the year unfolds. I would say that the second quarter activity within Comm Tech, and especially within consumer electronics, is very focused on solidifying our design wins, some new design activity and some -- a very, very strong focus on operational management to be prepared for a rather active second half of the year in consumer electronics with several new OEM product launches. Specific to the first quarter margins, Brad, you're going to have to chime in here. But our restructuring and our legal cost I think did weigh on our margins. But I think if you back that out, they were either similar to or slightly above our operating margins of last year. I actually think we had a very strong execution quarter at Comm Tech in the first quarter.
Robert A. Livingston: I think maybe all of the push-outs we saw late in the quarter, into the second quarter, were related to Maag and some European customers. That happens. I mean, it was unfortunate, but we do see that on occasion in that business. They are pushed into the second quarter. We had very strong bookings within our fluids business, especially within pumps in the first quarter. And we're looking for a fairly solid performance from the group in the second quarter. I think their organic growth expectations in the second quarter year-over-year are mid-single digits. Maag is doing great. We've been very pleased with this acquisition. It does give us the opportunity to address some different customers and some new verticals. I've mentioned this in my prepared comments, especially chemicals and plastics. But we've been quite pleased with this acquisition.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, we've had a -- we've been participating in a new OEM design launch that's occurred here in the last few weeks. We are not -- if there's anything -- I don't think there's anything major or significant that we're looking at from an OEM product launch in the second quarter. The bulk of the activity for new OEM product launches is in the second half of the year and, I'd say, more specifically, the third quarter. We have some visibility to those product launches. We'll have greater visibility as we exit the second quarter. And Shannon, I would say that as we work through the second quarter, what we want to get a little bit firmer on is the exact timing of the product launches and the share content we'll have on those product launches. And then I think by the time we get through or end the second quarter, we'll have much, much better visibility on those 2 variables than we have today.
Robert A. Livingston: Yield improvement continued to be executed on quite well during the quarter. I'm also pleased to share with everyone that they did a great job in rebuilding a share position with several customers during the first quarter. We think that will continue during the second quarter. Revenue was slightly less than we anticipated, even with our share gains, Shannon. We did see with one specific OEM some reduced, I'll call it, production builds late in the quarter. We've got that reflected in our outlook for the second quarter. But I know I'm repeating myself. The game plan for the second quarter is truly to be prepared for a very strong acceleration in product demand from several OEMs in the second half of the year.
Robert A. Livingston: Well we've taken some self-imposed headwinds on that one, Joe. We took some restructuring charges in the first quarter. We're going to take some additional restructuring charges in the second quarter. And as we get through the second quarter, we'll have an outlook for what additional cost reduction activities we'll have on the table for the second half of the year. The yield improvement, the gross margin improvement, the execution with our customers is improving. And I would say that the first quarter performance came in very, very close to our expectations.
Robert A. Livingston: That still the same. In fact, the more definitive plan I would tell you is exiting the year with a fourth quarter run rate of double-digit operating margins on a performance basis, yes.
Robert A. Livingston: Designs have been approved by the OEMs, and we have won the business. What we don't know sitting here today, Jeff, is the exact date of the OEM product launches in the third quarter. We have a pretty good idea of what our share content will be. But I think by the time we get to the end of the second quarter, we will have a definitive answer on that share content. But the design wins are bought.
Robert A. Livingston: I would say they've been slightly negative in their first quarter, even pulling Target out. And when I say slightly negative, excluding Target, it may have been -- revenue at Hill PHOENIX may have been down less than $10 million -- maybe $10 million. Maybe at [indiscernible] in the first quarter. But I would label that as timing.
Robert A. Livingston: The Target comp rolls off -- so last year, we had a very strong first half of 2012. But I think the delta on the first half, Steve, on Target, first half of '13 versus first half of '12 with respect to Target, it's down about $45 million.
Robert A. Livingston: I would tell you right now, because we -- we don't make the decisions, the customer does. But our planning right now would be that our activity in the second half of the year with Target would be about flat with the second half of last year.
Robert A. Livingston: Well your comment on Europe would be the -- probably my headline comment. It was a little bit weaker in the first quarter than we anticipated. We have, I would say, lowered our expectations very, very modestly for Europe for the year, and that's probably it, Nigel. I will tell you that as we go through the second quarter, and I've already commented on one of these points, that as we go through the second quarter and end the second quarter, what we're going to be watching very carefully is going to be the launch dates within Consumer Electronics, the new products from the OEMs, and to see how the rig count is developing for the U.S. market in the second half of the year. We still believe that the rig count will continue to improve throughout the year, and we've seen some signs of that – some positive signs of that here in April. But those are going to be – from my perspective, those are the 2 key variables that we're watching for the second half, and I actually feel pretty good with our setup right now for the second quarter.
Robert A. Livingston: I do believe that was the expectation that we shared with you on the January call, was rig count down year-over-year. I'm talking averages now, about 3%. I haven't done the math, but I would say it's still about that same number, maybe even 1 point weaker, Charlie, with -- in our outlook. Now it is interesting to note that we -- in our outlook, we have an average -- and I'm talking the U.S. market now, not North America -- we have an average for the U.S. market in the second quarter to be very precise, 1,742 units. I mean, that's how we rolled it up. Here in mid-April, the latest data point I've seen is rig count deployment in the U.S. market right now is at 1,771 units.
Robert A. Livingston: No, I think if you look at any incremental cost inputs in the second quarter, it will be related to additional restructuring and some integration activities that we want to undertake in the second quarter. When I say preparing for the second half, the second half is a big period. It's going to be a significant growth period for Comm Tech, especially in Consumer Electronics. I think I mentioned earlier that, we see growth in the second quarter in our Consumer Electronics business of mid-teens, maybe almost 20%. The growth in the second half of the year is even more significant. I don't -- I can't tell you an exact number, but I would tell you that the revenue split between first half and second half in our Comm Tech business is probably very close to 45 in the first half and 55 in the second half, and that sort of underscores my earlier comment about getting prepared for some accelerated activity in the second half of the year.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. Well, you're -- you had 2 different companies here. On the barcode business, I would tell you that the disappointment in the first quarter was all around some large projects that have been deferred either into the second or the third quarter, one of which we've actually booked the order on here in April. So we've captured that. With respect to our largest business in this segment, Markem-Imaje, the softness was in Europe. In fact, the -- goodness, North America Markem-Imaje had low- to mid-single-digit growth. Latin America was probably I think 6% or 7% growth. We have 6% growth in China. And Europe, I think Markem-Imaje was down 3% or 4%.
Robert A. Livingston: Near term, we don't see an impact on our business near term. I do agree with your comment that it does validate the value of our business and why this business is important to Dover. Longer term, we'll see how that plays out. We think we've got a very, very strong position. At the end of the day, the customers make the decision based upon the best product and the best service and the best technology, and we like our position.
Robert A. Livingston: No. In fact, I would tell you that -- oh gosh, I don't know the count, but I commented earlier about our acquisition pipeline. I'm not sure how many deals we have that we're actually pursuing right now. But most of them, if not all of them, are within either refrigeration or fluids or the energy space. And in the energy space, we are looking at some very attractive add-ons and -- that can be bolted into existing businesses in production, as well as downstream. And I happen to like the -- I think the pricing is attractive as well.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. Brad said we're well on track. We're on process, and I would expect a transaction on these businesses in the third quarter.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. I wouldn't agree with that comment, John. Gosh, last year -- let me start by giving a comment on 2012. That's easy to do because it's history. But for 2012, I would say that ASP decline was very, very low single-digit percentage. And when I say low, I think it was less than 3%, John. Now that's for the business. On any individual customer, it's going to be a different product and a different price point based upon the age of the product or the age of the design and the performance specs by the OEM. I would say that's -- we don't see any change in 2013. In any given quarter, we can see some noise around customer mix simply because of that. The difference between product performance specs and the design that we're delivering can carry different price points.
Robert A. Livingston: We expect margins to improve, not just hold. We expect margins to improve in this segment as the year unfolds.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. Well, the Chinese New Year in the first quarter was in February. And whenever – whatever month that falls into happens to be the weakest month we're going to see in China for that quarter. And the first quarter was no different. So I would say we had 2 strong shoulders in the quarter, January and March, and with February being down a bit. We did like the activity – the level of activity we were seeing as we exited the quarter, but we were rather pleased with not just our overall Dover performance in China for the quarter but -- goodness, you could list the long list of our operations, our businesses that operate in China, and I think all of them had growth in their first quarter, with the exception of one and it's a project business. It's going to be up and down throughout the year, but even that business is expecting growth in China for 2013.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I -- we're not quite that privy to all of the internal debates and decisions that our customers make. We do see the outcome of those decisions. It is interesting to note that even with the rig count decline we've experienced over the past year -- and let's see, I think in the first quarter, rig count in the U.S. was down 12% versus the first quarter of '12. What's interesting to note is that in the rigs that are being deployed for the drilling of oil, that rig count is actually up 5% year-over-year in the first quarter. Now that goes -- that's a little bit of a data point that sort of speaks to your question, and I -- there is a lot of speculation that as the rig count increases here in the U.S. in the balance of the year, that we'll see some additional rigs being deployed for gas drilling.
Robert A. Livingston: No, I'm not sure I can share with you, simply because I don't have the detail on how the orders progress during the quarter with Anthony. My guess would be they were fairly stable or fairly linear. Your question of how much of the revenue would occur in the second and the third quarter, and it's going to look very similar to what we have shared with you over the years with respect to Hill PHOENIX, and I would say it's 60% to 65% of the annual revenue is going to fall in the second and third quarter.
Brad M. Cerepak: In the first quarter through productivity and cost initiatives. Because as you know, the drilling business is some of our higher-margin businesses. So the mix naturally wants the mix mixed down on the margin a bit, and the team really did a great job in the first quarter.
Brad M. Cerepak: Sure. What we said was that -- if you recall, we said that Anthony would start the year -- I think we said it would be fairly neutral in the first quarter. We actually were a little bit better than that, Jeff. They were positive earnings in the quarter even after covering amortization and acquisition-related costs. So they were better than we expected, but at a low rate because it is not their most significant quarter. They build into the second and third quarter, just like Hill PHOENIX does, and we still believe we're right on track. In fact, maybe just a bit ahead on Anthony given the first quarter. But simply, the math of volume with very little accretion on the EBIT line impacts the margin mechanically.
Brad M. Cerepak: I would expect to see as we pace through the year, as our cash flow improves -- the first quarter is our lowest because we're building inventory for the cycle on Hill PHOENIX and Anthony -- that we will continue to see that commercial paper come down. The increase in the commercial paper in the quarter though, is directly related to us executing on our buyback.
Brad M. Cerepak: For the second quarter? No. I think what Bob said was we have an expectation of 3% to 5% organic for the year. Well we don't give guidance in the second quarter. Given the strong book to bill, you look back a year coming off of first quarter book to bill of 1.09, we should be with -- well within that range for the second quarter of the full year range. I know that sounds convoluted, but we're going to see growth in the second quarter higher than that 1% to 2%.
Brad M. Cerepak: I'm going to say we're not going to really comment on that. We don’t give quarterly guidance. I give you the top and I give you the bottom, and then we're in quarterly guidance mode. So I think you can look at our history, and we gave some color on the first quarter because it was a little bit different given the seasonality we were seeing on our business and the impact of Target and rigs. But beyond that, we're not really going to provide that kind of color going forward.
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes. The only thing I would add to that, Bob, is that I agree with the European comment being a little bit softer than maybe coming into the year. But what we're seeing in terms of the international growth on our Energy business is higher than we had expected. Now we don't see it in the changing of our guide range for the top line growth, but I would tell you we're very encouraged by that number.
Brad M. Cerepak: No, we didn't say it was contingent on that. Obviously, that process is continuing. We are on track where we want to be, and I'd say we continue -- we will continue to execute on that buyback.
Brad M. Cerepak: Well, I would just -- I don't have the data point either, but I would say it's a very small number in that bookings because the acquisitions were, other than Anthony, were pretty small. And Anthony is more of a book and shift business, so there's not much of a build in the backlog around the bookings for Anthony.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Just digging into Engineered a little bit more. So the Target had -- when you said it was around $25 million, I think, Anthony...
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay, that's just timing. So what -- I recall in the third quarter, 10-Q from last year, you guys still talked about remodels from retailers. I don't know if that was Walmart or Target. When does the -- just remind us when the Target comp rolls off.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. So it gets much better in the third and the fourth quarter. So that's a part of that kind of a...
