Gary Butler: Let me begin today’s call with some opening remarks about our first quarter results. I’ll then turn the call over to Chris Reidy who will take you through the detailed results, and then I’ll return a little bit later to give you and updated forecast for fiscal 2010. Before we take your questions I will provide some concluding remarks. To begin, ADP’s first quarter results were against very tough comparisons a year ago when we posted 9.5% revenue growth, pre-tax margin expansion of 100 basis points and 20% EPS growth. As you recall it was toward the end of the first quarter in fiscal ’09 that the financial market volatility led to the most difficult economy in decades. Considering the cumulative economic impact on ADP’s business metrics in the quarter, which include lower new business sales, lower client retention, lower client fund balance, fewer number of payees and continued dealership closings, I am encouraged by what we achieved this quarter. Revenues for the first quarter declined 4% year over year but were slightly ahead of our expectations. Foreign exchange rates gave us a revenue benefit of 1% in last year ’09 first quarter but had been working against us throughout fiscal 2010 in the first quarter. The current quarter’s revenues were negatively impacted about two percentage points from unfavorable exchange rates. However, I am pleased that ADP posted positive growth in both pre-tax and net earnings of 1% and 2% respectively. Earnings per share from continuing operations grew 4% on fewer shares outstanding. New business sales declined 2% in the first quarter which is an improvement over the decline posted through fiscal 2009. These results were ahead of our expectations but were mixed by business unit within employer services. Sales in our National Accounts Division declined year over year as the sales cycle for larger companies remained challenging with continued delays in outsourcing decisions. Sales to mid-side companies in our Major Accounts Division grew compared with last year’s first fiscal quarter.  Our International Division also grew sales with particular strength in Global View. Sales in our small business services division were down year over year; however, we view the quarter’s results as quite solid considering the sales headcount reductions that were made in last year’s fourth quarter. Total Source sales which include our PEO were also strong in the quarter. Client retention continues to be under pressure but its still at historically high levels even though down one percentage point in the quarter in Employer Services. As you know, January is the critical retention period in our ES business. We are appropriately cautious about the full year retention metric.  The number of employees on our clients payroll on a same store basis also declined in the quarter from a year ago, down 6.5% which is slightly better then we anticipated. This decline is against a compare of an increase of 0.4% in last year’s first fiscal quarter. Let me leave ES and talk for a moment about Dealer Services. As you may know, General Motors will be discontinuing the Saturn brand and closing those dealerships as the plan to sell the brand fell through just some few weeks ago. As Chris will tell you in a few minutes, Dealer Services did record an intangible asset impairment charge in the quarter due to this expected closure of the Saturn dealerships. The annualized loss of revenues from the Saturn relationship is about $12 million to ADP. We anticipate the full year impact of this revenue loss won’t actually occur until fiscal 2011.  To help you with your perspective on this we had previously estimated that the impact to Dealer Services for industry wide dealership closings over the next 12 to 18 months was at the low end of our original $50 to $75 million estimate. This is still the case including Saturn because we have done much better then previously forecasted with other manufacturers dealership closing.  Additionally, many of the closed dealerships were much smaller with low car sales volume so they have impacted us far less then our average dealer client. Some of these dealerships are also becoming used car dealerships or are staying in business as service centers. I also want to point out that despite the continued tough automotive market Dealer Services is continuing to do very well on the competitive front. With that let me turn it over to Chris to provide you the details on our results.
Gary Butler: For those of you following along we’re now on slide 10. We are assuming in our fiscal ’10 outlook no change in the current economic environment. We continue to anticipate tough year over year comparisons for the second quarter but easing comparisons in the second half of the fiscal year. Having said that we are narrowing our forecast range. We now anticipate a decline of 1% to 2% for total revenues and diluted EPS from continuing operations of $2.34 to $2.39 which represents flat to a 2% decline from the $2.39 in fiscal ’09 which did exclude favorable income tax settlements in the fourth quarter of last year. As is our normal practice, no further share buybacks are reflected in this forecast, though it is clearly our intent to continue to return excess cash to our shareholders obviously depending on market conditions. For our reportable segments we anticipate Employer Service revenue declining 1% to 2% which reflects a decline in pays for control of 4% to 5% and flat to down one percentage point in client revenue retention. We anticipate that the year over year comparison for pays per control will begin to ease during the second half of fiscal 2010 as compared to the second half of fiscal ’09 when this important metric declined significantly. We do anticipate PEO services revenues will be up 4% to 6% and we do expect a decline in Dealer Services revenues of -3% to -6%. We anticipate the annual dollar value of ES and PEO worldwide new business sales will be about flat compared with last year’s fiscal ’09. We continue to anticipate no improvements in pre-tax margins. As you turn to slide nine I’d like leave you with some closing remarks before we open it for your questions. Clearly ADP’s near term growth has been under pressure from the difficult economic landscape. We have appropriately reduced our expense structure to align the forecasted near term lower revenue growth while continuing to invest in new products and client facing resources that will help drive our strategic growth initiative. We are more positive on fiscal ’10 full year outlook then we were just some three months ago as it appears the US economy is at the bottom of the downturn.  We continue to expect strong operating cash flows of about $1.5 billion and we do anticipate another year of 20% plus ROE in fiscal 2010 which I believe is quite strong relative to the economy. Our prudent and conservative client funds extended investment strategy, coupled with the strength of our AAA credit rating continue to serve us quite well and we remain committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders including ongoing share repurchases again obviously depending on market conditions. Our business model is solid and remains in tact with highly recurring revenues and client life cycles of just under 10 years. I continue to be confident that once organic revenue growth returns we will again be able to achieve consistent pre-tax margin expansion. The questions now as I see them are how long the economy remains in this trough and when will we begin to see some evidence of economic growth. I’m certainly not an economist so I don’t know all the answers but what I can tell you is that ADP is extremely well positioned to leverage the inevitable recovery in the economy. That concludes my comments and I’ll turn it back over to the operator to take your questions.  
Gary Butler: We had a really strong first quarter in Global View sales. We had a number of big deals that entered the pipeline that came to fruition. I think we’re still a year or two away from break even on Global View. The loss continues to come down and we are committed to this product and this whole program over the long term. We’re going to continue to do what it takes to drive the top line.
Gary Butler: I think the thing that will come back first is new business sales because as the mood of the country and the world changes people are more comfortable making decisions for the long term about infrastructure and how they deal things. I would expect some of the balanced growth to come back before the paid growth comes back because people will start working overtime, we’re getting some stock option profits back into the equation and hopefully you’ll stop reducing the number of paid. I would expect some balances to come back.  With the strength of our product line across the board I don’t see any place in particular coming back faster then somewhere else. I think it’ll be the same across the board.
Gary Butler: When you say the margin, obviously the margin in BPO where you’re doing employee call centers you have a much larger labor component. They will be less then they are in say traditional payroll but again they’re very acceptable margins and we’re going to continue to grow there. We’ve added a lot of BPO services over the last three or four years and if you followed us our margins have improved every year during that same time we’ve been expanding in BPO. I don’t expect it to be any significant impact on ADP.
Gary Butler: Don’t be confused, I’m definitely encouraged. I think we’re in the trough and starting to come up the other side. There are always puts and takes when you deal across as wide a spectrum as ADP but in general the tone of the sales group and our results is certainly encouraging. Don’t read into that that I’m buoyant but I’m certainly encouraged.
Gary Butler: The only place where we were discouraged or weren’t encouraged was in the high end in the North American marketplace. We’re still seeing corporate America not as willing to make fairly big decisions. It’s a little bit in contrast to the fact that actually our international sales results and our Global View sales were strong, they weren’t even just good, and they were strong.  Europe certainly didn’t universally go into the trough as deeply as the US markets and so we’ve continued to see pretty good sales results in Europe. It was refreshing to see Global View bounce back and reaffirm the value equation that we thought was represented in global View. With the one exception of the high end of the market in the US we were pretty encouraged.
Gary Butler: I don’t think we want to go there. We typically don’t report those kinds of things. None of them were off the charts in either direction. I’d really like to leave it where it is.
Gary Butler: It is moving all over the place that’s for sure. What we do is we look at the last three months average when we provide our forecast and so that’s the basis of the forecast. Then we obviously look at the spot rate and use that to stress the upside/downside. Obviously the dollar had gotten a little bit weaker more recently and we take that into consideration on the upside. That’s moved around quite a bit.  As you know, first quarter was impacted by two full basis points of revenue growth because of the compare against the first quarter of last year where, for example, the dollar against the Euro was about $1.52. Last year in the second quarter that dropped significantly into the $1.20 actually so we would expect the compare to be a little bit better going forward and actually be getting a lift in revenue from the compares. The way to think about that is we used the average but then we looked at the spot and our revenue guidance takes that into consideration both on the high end and the low end.
Gary Butler: I think its general trend but the thing that I find most encouraging is the sales scene. Its people’s willingness to invest in infrastructure kinds of services like we provide. Clearly the pays for control is leveling off in terms of the decline and we think it will start to go the other way. As you looked at the national unemployment report that came out its certainly getting less worse is I guess the way they described it on CNBC this morning. I do believe that the decline in balances is at the bottom and is going to have to come back up as the economy turns.
Gary Butler: When you say the market the sales scene again is more positive then it’s been but from a standpoint of pure market we’re not seeing anything different then what you read in the paper is the same stuff I read. 
Gary Butler: I don’t have any hard statistics that I could share with you other then our productivity at the individual sales person level is up this year versus last year. Again, that’s on a reduced headcount. We’re not seeing per se we don’t track sales and where it comes from in terms of new business formation versus somebody that’s already been in business for some period of years. Most of my evidence is anecdotal as opposed to empirical. That’s really about the best I can provide for you.
Gary Butler: It seems to have calmed down. Its still there. It’s not at the heightened level that we saw say six months ago.
Gary Butler: In terms of core payroll and tax which is the way we look at it, I guess this time last year that number was 7% or 8%. I think that will give you a pretty good idea of where we think it can go once we return to a normal kind of environment. Clearly the balances were affected by pay, they’re affected by new sales, they’re affected by bonuses which had been down 30% to 40%, and they’re affected by merit increases which generally get 3% to 4% which we think you got very little of over the last 12 months. Those kinds of things will clearly help us propel that.  Again, new business sales are the single biggest thing that helped all of our businesses. In the case of balances we think we’ll get some natural lift across that. I don’t have any updated numbers on market share to share with you this morning. Typically our SBU presidents go through that at our analyst meeting which we will do again in February. I don’t think there’s any real significant change to where it was the last time we shared it with you in March.
Gary Butler: The single biggest area is our HR/BPO activities which would include the PEO as well as our new ASO offering in the mid-markets as well as our COS offering at the high end. You put those three coupled with Global View and they’re probably the biggest things that will drive long term internal revenue growth. Our results in all those categories are quite strong and we expect they’re going to be an even bigger portion of our go forward sales then they have been historically.
Gary Butler: I wouldn’t say there’s going to be any material difference in what our traditional activities have been. The year end is in National accounts pretty much the year end is not a big thing. If you haven’t sold it by November you’re not going to sell for a January 1 start. The real key activity is in SBS and PEO and to a lesser degree at the low end of major accounts. We have our typical promotional kinds of activities going on there. We’re very excited about what’s happening with our new run platform on the low end of the market, it’s getting really great traction in the marketplace. We just introduced for general release our workforce now product in the middle market and it’s basically a new product that has a single user interface for time and labor management, payroll, and HR benefit. It’s really getting great traction and so we think the strength of the product is going to help our major accounts marketplace a lot.
Gary Butler: Global View is certainly doing extremely well. We have another product called Streamline which we haven’t talked about a lot. For example, there are a lot of companies including some of our Global View clients who have small employee populations in a lot of countries. It doesn’t really pay to put in a fully burdened SAP implementation. We’ve developed a software layer that allows for integration with our best of breed products where you have smaller populations into the Global View database and single feed into our Global customers. It’s getting a tremendous amount of traction and it’s certainly been one of the things that has done well for us. We’ve expanded our headcount in Europe over the last three years and some of that headcount is now maturing in terms of productivity and so we’re getting real good benefits there. We’re also pleased with our acquisition in China, the small payroll service bureau based in Shanghai and we’re starting to get good results there as well. We’ve got some other kinds of HR products and self-service products that we’ve released across Europe that are also helping us drive core payroll. In general, the scene in International and Europe specifically is actually quite good.
Gary Butler: What I’m hearing as I go around, particularly at the high end of the market which is where obviously where I’m focused on because it’s a bigger dollar amount, are the guys that are sitting in my chair or Chris’s chair now are kind of feeling the same bottom that we’re feeling. Therefore they are moving back to business as usual of how do I move my company forward. I would contrast that to six to nine months ago when the economy was in freefall and people were hanging from the rafters and nobody want to make decisions when you don’t know where the bottom is.  That’s my general sense as I talk to people in my chair across the country and the anecdotal evidence that I hear form the sales force is that people are starting to make decisions again. We don’t want to be too optimistic but again I think the word encouraged is the way to describe it.
Gary Butler: We actually have created a sales unit within our National accounts business that’s focused on selling benefits, outsourcing and payroll HR outsourcing into governmental units. It’s not a big effort but its enough for us to watch. The results are pretty encouraging. It’s hard to spend money on big software purchases in state and local governments today with the budget pressures that they have. We’re certainly a good solution for them without a lot of up front capital required to get started. I think its good news.
Gary Butler: I think that’s still a reasonable target. Our pipeline is pretty good but mostly its smaller $10, $20, $30 million acquisitions not $200 or $300 million acquisitions. We’re looking for product extensions that we can leverage across our distribution capability and those kinds of acquisitions still are not inexpensive to buy, particularly in employer services area. We’re seeing again, continued good activity in Dealer because obviously in that environment if you don’t have ADP’s balance sheet then it’s a difficult place to operate over the last couple years. I think that $300 million target is a reasonable expectation.
Gary Butler: As we get the core payroll and tax business back in the positive direction I think it’s not unreasonable to expect that Beyond Payroll is going to grow five points faster then the core payroll. I don’t think that ratio should change based on any kind of history.
Gary Butler: Our productivity per sales person is up so that’s good. We have pretty much held headcount steady across the board in ES last year with the exception of small business because it’s easier to ramp back up there because it’s a simpler more straightforward sale. We will continue to add headcount there over the course of the year. The activity there is good and so because you’re comparing headcount levels this year that are lower then last year its difficult to give you a metric because the headcounts are different. Again, it feels pretty good in terms of productivity.
Gary Butler: I don’t have any empirical data that I could share with you. The only anecdotal data that we hear is from the sales leaders in that part of the marketplace and they feel pretty good about the activity that’s coming from our banking partners, our CPA partners, and just in general. If I were to describe the economic situation for small, medium, and large I would say at least for us it appears slightly more positive on the small end then it does in the middle and the large.
Gary Butler: The biggest thing that helps you, you return to organic revenue growth that’s the highest margin contributor you can get. Whatever your assumptions are around our organic revenue growth for next year it certainly gives us the leverage to drive margin improvement as compared to the environment we’re in.
Gary Butler: As I discussed a little bit earlier in the call, our backlog in M&A transactions is pretty good right now. Our internal expectations are still around spending somewhere around $300 million in terms of M&A activity. I don’t want to give you the impression that there are a lot of really big deals but there are a number of product extensions that we think are going to happen. The market is kind of what it’s been in our kinds of space, particularly in ES if you’re looking for good product extensions the multiples are not low and we haven’t seen any real change in those kinds of activities. Again, I think we’re pretty optimistic at this point.
Gary Butler: The most important thing is that we really didn’t cut service despite some of the pressures we’ve had across the business. Our average client loads, for example, in service are about the same as they’ve been. The important thing in service, particularly as you go through year end is that you’ve got people who can answer the phones fairly quickly and if they have a problem, resolve it on the first call or shortly thereafter. Most of our increases in retention have been around price in our business. Obviously if you have any kind of a service issue and you have a full price it certainly escalates a client’s willingness to leave. Again, I think we see that escalation moderating and declining and we expect to have a good year end and no real departure from business as usual.
Gary Butler: Absolutely should, and the fact that we’re very conservative on our price increase this year. All of those things should help. Again, the proof is in the eating and we don’t want to make that call until we get through the year end.
Gary Butler: It’s always a tradeoff because obviously as you’re growing the business and generating incremental margins you also have areas that you want to invest in. We always try to balance margin improvement with increased investment. Obviously if your sales growth is accelerating, which we hope it will over the next couple of years, then clearly you’re spending more money on sales that obviously drag down margins at least for the near term. I think the way we’ve historically talked about a 50 basis point improvement on a business as usual basis once we return to positive internal revenue growth should be the same way you think about it going forward.
Gary Butler: We’re in pretty good shape right now from an expense side. As balances start to go up or interest rates turn that clearly gives us more flexibility in terms of margin improvement. We try to balance it so we increase margins but at the same time we want to make investments in our long term future growth around distribution and products. It’s always a tradeoff and there’s no magic formula depending on what’s happening at any particular point in time.
Gary Butler: Our posture there has always been until we entered this economic blip that we’ve been enjoying for the last 12 to 15 months, is that COS is $0.5 billion business over the planning period and that Global View is clearly a potential of $0.5 billion business and both the PEO is already a billion dollar business so we think its clearly got potential over the planning period to grow at double digit rates. The ASO offering in the low end of the middle are clearly multiple hundred million dollar growth opportunities as we look forward. The key is to make sure we continue to do what we do with all the other products while we’re focused on growing those businesses faster then our historical services.
Gary Butler: When you look at just a pure ASO kind of service and pure COS kind of service the margins there actually will be quite good over time. The place where you have the margin pressure is when you’re talking to employees and you’re operating fairly large call centers, the margins in that, because of the labor component will never be as high as a pure service bureau. You have to manage that component of it.
Gary Butler: We don’t really publish that number. Generally it’s around 50/50 and there’s no real difference now versus say historically.
Gary Butler: Generally sales for the first quarter is usually our smallest quarter. It would be in the low 20% range.
Gary Butler: We don’t track on a monthly basis, sales to the client base versus sales of new. In general I think the environment is kind of the same with both. We’re seeing an uplift in both selling into the base as well as selling to new clients. Clearly on small business you have less to sell to the base because they typically don’t buy some of the services that our large clients buy so you see a much more new business in the low end then you do say at the high end with the large components of Beyond Payroll. I wouldn’t read anything into that if I were you.
Gary Butler: Thanks everybody for coming to the conference today. I think you should read from our comments that we are encouraged but again I want to caution everybody that we’re not buoyant, that we still have a number of issues that we have to deal with. We think we are at the trough in terms of the pays for control decline and should start to see some improvement. Again, we will face some negative pressures on the interest rate environment, particularly in the second half of the year. Pleased with the results and think we’re in good shape in terms of our forecast for the full year. Thanks again for signing in.
Chris Reidy: Certainly not against the average margin of ADP. It might be less then pure payroll in certain instances but not against the overall margin.
Chris Reidy: It’s really the fact that it’s too early to tell at this point, it’s too early to call. The first quarter is really isn’t indicative of the full year. If you went back to last year, for example, the first quarter only represented about 20% of the full year’s NOI. Margins in the first quarter in the 24% versus the 27% that they ended for the full year ’09. Our guidance is down 1% to 2% in ES revenues. That one percentage point makes a big difference, $65 million worth of revenue. It’s hard to get a clear picture depending on where it is in the range. We’re continuing to invest in service so we’ll continue to do that throughout the rest of this year. Overall, it’s just too early to call so our best view right now is no increase in margins.
Chris Reidy: I think it’s more when we gave guidance back in late July I think the economists were predicting anywhere from 10.5% up to 11.5% ultimate unemployment. I think since then you’ve seen a lessening of the decline as Gary put it and so there’s more settling around that 10.5% to 11% range. I think we’ve seen that in the first quarter where pays were a little bit better, still pretty bad at 6.5% but better then we had forecasted. We see that continuing, we see it in the NER report today in terms of the decline, certainly less of a decline then there was in prior months. I think it’s that combination that point us to a slight improvement, still pretty bad though slight improvement for our full year forecast on pays.
Chris Reidy: I would add that we’re also doing well on the money movement side in International as well, particularly in the UK but we’ve started that up in Netherlands and we’ve already made some progress although still in the early stages in France as well. That’s something that we’re particularly encouraged by.
Chris Reidy: That generally happens; you threw us with the quarter question. We do that at the beginning of July and we did increase, although less then we had in the past. You’ve heard us talk about 2% on average in the past and most of that’s sticking. I think it was certainly less then that this year. Most of it stuck interestingly but think about a net of one or thereabouts.
Chris Reidy: I wouldn’t say in terms of easier compares, you don’t start seeing real easier compares until the fourth quarter because last year’s fourth quarter was down significantly from the prior year. The rest of the quarters are all pretty equivalent.
Chris Reidy: It’s fair to say that if we’re more flattish then down 1% to 2% that with that comes the opportunity to drive more margins. Certainly selling expense driven by what’s happening in sales impacts that. As you’ve heard us jokingly say in the past, we’d love to be able to explain that margins were flat to down because we’re driving so much in the way of sales. You do have to watch that a little bit. There are a number of things that affect you in the second half of the year that didn’t really catch up to you in the first half. Certainly healthcare benefit increases year over year and that catches up more in the rest of the year. I think everybody would like to get back down to the point where merit increases come back; we’d certainly like to see our clients do that. If we do that as well that’ll put pressure on the rest of this year in the fourth quarter particularly. The big issue that we have, what I talked about in my opening remarks is the impact of interest rates.  We lose that favorable compare and so the impact of the interest on our client funds is getting worse then what we originally said in the beginning of the year. That’ll have a dramatic impact and you saw the $70 to $80 million year over year impact which is up from $60 or $70 million that we had said at the beginning of the year. That’s what has us cautious and really in a mode of too early to call that one.
Chris Reidy: I think we’ve done a huge amount in the fourth quarter of last year that you can see reflected in the expense structure in the first quarter and the ultimate increase in EPS. I think that will continue to help us.
Chris Reidy: Certainly on the sales side that will have ramifications going forward. Also in client fund balances when everything is going in the negative direction with the economy that drives client fund balances down in a lot of different ways. Certainly the pays component of that is the most obvious. The contrary is also true. When people start giving merit increases, bonuses start coming back to normal people start hiring again which has all sorts of implications in terms of [inaudible] deductions, feuded deductions and FICA deductions. All of those things as you have the wind at your back there’s a number of factors that increase on a client fund balance nature.
Chris Reidy: From a clarification we didn’t specifically call out small business. We’re increasing service in a number of different areas but not necessarily focused on small business. The increase this year in the first quarter, for example, its up about 3.5% FTE. It really is the fact that service is the foundation of our business and as the differentiator it certainly is a competitive advantage. Making sure that we continue to be solid in service foundation particularly as we look at growth in some of the Beyond Payroll kinds of areas that need a service component to that as well as just in core payroll. We’re preparing ourselves for the inevitable recovery in the economy to make sure that our services is solid.
Chris Reidy: That 50 that we referred to isn’t 50 every quarter in and out you just can’t manage it that way but its 50 over a longer period of time on average.
Chris Reidy: The worst period is the year that you make that initial investment. Even margin drains as they get better year over year are helping your margins. Balancing that as you’re looking out is critical.
Chris Reidy: It’s pretty even. The difference between the split of sales by quarter is within 23% to 26%. We typically don’t disclose the quarter over quarter because it’s so different in terms of the cyclicality of the business. The fourth quarter of last year was the low point last year and that certainly increased in the first quarter, quarter over quarter. I would remind you that as we said on the last call sometimes that can be impacted by a restart of the sales incentive periods for those sales people that are out of the hunt that flows into the Q1 and I’m sure there was a little bit of that in the first quarter of this year but still up.
Chris Reidy: No we didn’t quantify it. Its tough to quantify something like that, its anybody’s guess as to how much you would have gotten anyway. Just like the automotive market is saying that there was some pull forward we clearly did experience some of that.
Chris Reidy: It’s not that material. I think the thing you should focus on is that we have slightly improved our guidance for Dealer from the 4% to 8% down to 3% to 6% down. That takes everything into consideration including the “Cash for Clunkers”. Don’t forget we also have the Saturn issue which we talked about that had the one time charge in the first quarter but it also had a bit of a revenue drag for the remainder of this year, full year impact of that $12 million hits you in fiscal year ’11 or the bulk of that would. You’ve got that consideration as well.
