Danyal Hussain: Thank you, Michelle, and welcome, everyone to ADP's first quarter fiscal 2023 earnings call. Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our CEO; Maria Black, our President; and Don McGuire, our CFO. Earlier this morning, we released our results for the quarter. Our earnings materials are available on the SEC's website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com, where you will also find the investor presentation that accompanies today's call.  During our call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe to be useful to investors and that exclude the impact of certain items. A description of these items, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to their most comparable GAAP measures, can be found in our earnings release. Today's call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events and involve some risk. We encourage you to review our filings with the SEC for additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations.  And with that, let me turn it over to Carlos.
Danyal Hussain: Jason, the only other thing I would point out is that in addition to interest becoming more favorable and contributing to most of the raise as you can calculate on your own, FX obviously also got worse. So in this parallel universe without a higher interest rate, we would perhaps be absorbing that higher FX and not changing the outlook.
Danyal Hussain: Bryan, I'll just confirm the down market didn't really contribute to the outperformance versus our expectations. So the mid-market was clearly the bigger piece.
Maria Black: Thank you, Carlos. You mentioned servant leadership, and I have to say that you are truly the embodiment of servant leadership. You have always kept our North Star true, which is putting our clients and our associates first. And I know I speak on behalf of all of our stakeholders, our associates, our shareholders, the communities we serve and the 1 million clients now we have the honor of serving and thanking you for everything that you've done over the decade that you served as our CEO. So my sincere thank you to you, Carlos.  I'm truly humbled and grateful for this opportunity and certainly for the confidence, Carlos that you've given me and that the Board has given me and entrusted me with this role. I am genuinely thrilled to lead ADP. You mentioned it, and it's true. I did start from the ground up. I started with this company 26 years ago, selling ADP's products and offering store-to-door. This ability to really see our clients from the front line has given me a vision and a true understanding of the client centricity that you mentioned that we embody as a company. And since selling 26 years ago door to door, I've served in roles all across ADP in sales and service, implementation, operations, including our PEO and SBS. I'm really, really proud of the role that we play in our clients' lives and how they trust us to really help them succeed in their HCM journey. For the last 73 years, we've had an amazing legacy and a culture. And that culture is really anchored in innovation and it's anchored in developing and providing technology and solutions that help address our clients' needs but also help address the needs of their workers. And I'm incredibly proud to be a part of that journey as we continue the modernization that we've been undergoing over the last few years. Of course, as you mentioned, none of this is possible without the 60,000 dedicated associates that we have that are at the center of absolutely everything that we deliver. I am committed to continuing to empower their great talent, which time and time again has reshaped the HCM industry through a relentless focus on again, solving our clients' needs and predicting their future needs. I'm also grounded by our history and our own beginning as a small business out of Paterson, New Jersey, founded by Henry Taub, a man who simply wanted to help local businesses. Then and now, I know and I feel deeply that this core value continues to define us as a company. So with that, thank you again, Carlos, and thank you to the Board. And now I will thank you in advance to all of our stakeholders in your confidence as we continue to build on ADP's incredibly strong results-oriented foundation. We continue to drive product innovation, leading technology. And more than anything, we continue deliver the consistent value creation that we're known for as the leader in the HCM industry.  So with that, I think it's appropriate to turn it over to the results this quarter.
Maria Black: Thank you, Carlos. As I mentioned earlier, I am also proud of the collective efforts of our associates who made this achievement possible. One of the beauties of having 1 million clients and directly serving 3 million worksite employees in our HRO businesses is that we have unparalleled insight into the needs of the HR department, and we are putting that insight to work. I'm proud to share that, in September, we won the top HR product at annual HR Tech Conference for the eighth year in a row, this time for a new offering we're calling Intelligent Self-Service. HR departments today devote a significant amount of time to addressing questions from their workers to help better manage this volume of worker and practitioner interaction. Intelligent Self-Service uses predictive analytics to help proactively address common issues before workers need to contact or HR leaders. Not only does this solution ultimately improve the experience for the worker, but it further enables the practitioner to focus on more strategic items, which is a key objective for our clients. There are a few different components to Intelligent Self-Service. The first is something we're calling action cards, which you can think of as proactive nudges in the ADP mobile app that appear in the flow of work so that workers are alerted and encouraged to act when there's something they need to address such as a missed time punch or time card approval. Another component of the offering is our virtual assistant chatbot, which was previously available to our clients' HR practitioners but is now, for the first time, being expanded to workers as well in order to address their requests or questions. And the third piece is case management, which helps with more complex problems that require HR systems. This feature presents a streamlined way to create, manage and track workers' interactions with our HR experts and quickly get to the right experts based on the workers made. Intelligent Self-Service is designed to create a better HR experience and reduce work, and we believe we are designing a solution that can reduce our clients' case volume by 30% or more, which, of course, would be an incredibly value-add win for everyone. We have already rolled out some of these components and are in pilot for others, but the feedback so far has been very positive. I also want to give a quick Q1 update on our new user experience. As a reminder, our new user experience represents a significant enhancement we've been making to our scaled strategic platforms using new design principles to make them even more intuitive and more personal so our users can easily leverage our solutions to the fullest. Last year, we moved clients on RUN, iHCM and Next Gen HCM as well as the ADP Mobile app over to the new user experience. And later in the year, we also moved 20,000 Workforce Now clients to the new UX. Enhancing Workforce Now is especially important given how integral the platform is to so many of our businesses, and I'm pleased to now share we've taken that 20,000 clients last year to over 80,000 through the end of Q1 with essentially all of Workforce Now clients on this new enhanced experience. Among other user experience initiatives, we relaunched the ADP RUN mobile app with our new UX with managers and HR practitioners of small businesses running payroll and HR while on the go. This app is a powerful tool for them, and the relaunch has been a resounding success. You can see the app and the reviews for yourself, but it's doing phenomenally well with 4.9 stars on several thousand reviews representing meaningful improvement from the experience it is replacing. These are exactly the types of outcomes we had hoped to achieve with this user experience work, and we are very excited about continuing to roll out to more solutions within our key platforms. From our voice of employee offering, we mentioned last quarter to our new Intelligent Self-Service capability to our UX deployment into our ongoing Next Gen rollout, our product teams are busy and our clients are excited about the continued innovation at ADP and our overall modernization journey. We look forward to continuing to develop ways to provide more value to our clients and prospects in this dynamic HCM and economic environment and to ultimately deliver on our bookings growth goals for this year and beyond.  And with that, over to Don.
Maria Black: Thank you, Pete, and thank you for the well wishes. I certainly appreciate them. And as you mentioned, look forward to connecting with many of you around strategic vision going forward. With respect to bookings and really thinking through year-on-year changes in behavior, I'll comment on that, and then I'll turn it over to Don that can talk about whether or not we have more room on price. . But again, just to kind of confirm the overall outlook at 6% to 9%, we do feel confident in this outlook. When I think about how we planned for the year, and we were generally pleased with the results that we saw in the first quarter, in fact, they were actually technically a record from a year-on-year perspective. But the thing that makes us not necessarily call that out in that way and really speaking to the continued momentum, to your question, it's really about in the context of the records that we've had, in the past few quarters, it's really been broad-based across every bit of the portfolio. And as you heard in the prepared remarks this morning, we had significant strength in our downmarket offerings. Really pleased to see that across our RUN portfolio, the small business segment inclusive of our insurance offerings, retirement offerings. We also continue to have significant strength in our HRO offerings, inclusive of the PEO. So in terms of changing behavior, I see that as constant behavior as it relates to -- those are businesses that have had continued strength over several quarters and the value proposition, both downmarket and certainly into the HRO space has been good. I think the area, again, that we called out a little bit that we're keeping an eye on is really our international business. Now the good news with our international business is that it's a small contributor to our overall bookings. But when we look at what really happened with the international space, specifically for this quarter, we don't still actually see a macro impact. We see more of an impact of the strength that we had coming into or coming off of a record Q4. And so when you think about our upmarket business, specifically our international business, there are times that it's a bit lumpy as we pull deals forward to accelerate through the fourth quarter. And candidly, who wouldn't want to have an incredible finish and an incredible quarter? But as it has for several decades, I would say that does sometimes lend itself to some of those businesses needing -- continue to rebuild the pipeline. So that's really what we think is happening. But at the same time, we're very -- we're keeping an eye on specifically in Europe, what's happening in the Ukraine, what's happening with the energy crisis. Those are watch items for us. But just kind of reiterate, we don't see any macro overall trends. We don't see changes in behavior. We see the strength continuing in the downmarket and into our HRO and PEO offerings, and we were very, very pleased with the results this quarter, and they are record results in that respect.
Maria Black: Fair enough. Thank you for the chance to comment a little bit. Obviously, early days as it relates to -- I mean essentially starting as early days as it relates to having conversations around long-term strategy. I think the first thing I'd like to reiterate, I know I talked about my 26 years here. I have spent eight of those as part of the incredible management team that Carlos alluded to earlier, and that's been a part of the journey that we've been on as it relates to the overall modernization journey. So I think you mentioned the transition from payroll to HCM. That is a piece of that modernization. But in my mind, it's more broad-based than that. It's really been about the decisions we've made, everything from our strategic locations to early days of platform migrations to configuring our organization to really create a technology organization. We've been actively modernizing our service organization. You hear me speak about that all the time in terms of continuing the modernization of tools but also making sure that we're taking the work out for our clients. We've been making a transition to the public cloud. And then one of my favorite topics is the modern selling approach that we've been embarking upon that really, as we go on for many years as we found it inside sales, if you will, 20 years ago to the most recent during the pandemic, really focused on digital selling and meeting the buyers in a different way. So I think all of that is really about our modernization journey. And I think as I look forward into the next decade, if you will, in the next chapter, it is really about continuing the great work and the foundation that you mentioned that Carlos laid. I have a lot of passion around our clients. I have a lot of passion around the 40 million workers that they pay and how we can create value for each one of those stakeholders, both the workers as you mentioned, the clients' employees as well as our clients. And my ultimate goal, Carlos touched on it, I think I mentioned it as well upfront, when I think about client centricity and really solving meaningful things for our clients, I think the last decade in this modernization journey has really been about setting us up to be able to deliver value in a very different way for our clients. My goal would be to continue that journey and, in the end, make sure that our clients are in love with our products and in love with the experience that they have with ADP and the true evangelists of what it is that we bring. And I feel confident in how we've been set up to embark on that journey, and I look forward to sharing more with you on it as we move forward.
Maria Black: Thank you, Jason, for the well wishes. And I'm actually -- I'm glad you asked this question because I wanted to make sure there's clarity around that 30%. And that 30%, just so we're all on the same page, it's really about our clients being able to save that time. So this is really about serving up, leveraging intelligence, artificial intelligence, machine learning. It's really serving us the most frequent interactions that can be either performed in a self-service capacity or really performed again through this case management and really taking the work out than necessarily, call it, taking the work out of our system. It's really about giving that 30% to our clients.  In fairness, it is early days as we measure this. And when I say that, I'd say that lightly in that we did study this across our 3 million HR worksite employees, if I may call them that, that in terms of the most frequent cases that get served up and what that would yield in terms of a return to our clients. And that's where that 30% comes from. But as we launch this product and more and more adoption happens, we will be keeping a keen eye on that outcome to ensure that, that number remains true, and our hope is to continue to make progress and take more work out of our -- out of the system for our clients as they navigate the relationship between them and the practitioners and the workers.
Maria Black: Yes. Thank you, Carlos. He's right. Carlos is right. I've been studying deeply the pipeline specifically of these businesses that recognize bookings potentially have some of the pull forward into the fourth quarter. And that's primarily in the larger size type of organizations. And so in studying the pipeline kind of segment by segment, country by country, if you will, and deeply, it does appear that the pipelines are there, the pipelines are continuing to build when I think about deal cycle time, right? So you think about all the data points we are analyzing on a daily basis to really understand the question you're asking, Bryan, which is, is this an economic and macro, is this -- what is this. And the answer is, from a pipeline perspective, the pipelines are healthy. From a deal cycle time, let's go back to Carlos' commentary. It does appear that we did have a lot of pull forward, and there were potentially not enough days to pull things into the first quarter. And we have -- again, what does that really mean in the macro? It's really returning to more pre-pandemic levels. So these are not concerning deal cycle times. These are actually more normal deal cycle times, the ones that we saw pre-pandemic. What I'm referring to there is really there used to be a time that it did take a lot of time to move larger deals through the system because so many individuals are involved, whether that's on the contracting side, the legal side. During the pandemic, there was a deal acceleration that happened, and a lot of that has to do with us being stationary. That's no longer the case. We see that every day in terms of the world is back at work. And companies are reporting in the news, we are seeing incredible strength amongst our client base. We're seeing demand for HCM. There is 6% pays per control growth. So as Carlos mentioned earlier, the jobs are there. Our clients are growing. Our products and offerings fit right into that sweet spot that everybody is still trying to solve for, and our pipelines are healthy. So at this juncture, there really isn't a macro broad-based trend that we can see besides the watch areas we've called out. I think the only other comment I would make, I alluded to it earlier, and is please remember that when a quarter ago, we gave the guidance for the 6% to 9%. The way that we thought about the year, first and foremost, the first quarter is the lightest quarter for us from a pure dollar perspective. So it's the smaller contributor from a dollar perspective on the full year. The way that we planned the year, which we talked about on the 6% to 9% bookings guidance that we gave a quarter ago was really assuming some elements of a slowdown in the back half, specifically in the fourth quarter. So it's really about this quarter, i.e., the current one that we're in, which is the second quarter and the third quarter, and so in looking at where we stand today, we feel confident in the 6% to 9% in terms of how we plan for it. We didn't assume massive and severe recession, but we definitely have assumptions in there that we feel confident at this point that we can execute against.
Maria Black: I have a lot of time for our new UX. I can't boast about it enough. And the majority of that reason is all of the above. We expect this to impact our clients' satisfaction, their retention, our ability to demo more, sell more. In terms of teasing out the specific results difficult, but the answer to your question is all of the above.
Maria Black: Yes. Thanks, Mark. And similarly, I look forward to spending more time together, and I've appreciated the time thus far that we spent together getting to know each other. So in terms of selling season, we do feel -- I think Carlos mentioned, I think the first call-out I would make, I know you asked specifically about products and contributions PEPM, but I think it's important to go back to the discussion that Carlos had around headcount. So I've been -- I spent some of last year and last fiscal year speaking about a flattish headcount growth as it related to sales. We committed to a -- business growth heading into the quarter, and I'm pleased to report, as Carlos alluded to, that we are ahead of those plans. And so what that means is that we have more quota carriers in the system as we head into selling season, significantly more than we expected but significantly more than last selling season. And that, in and of itself, is the biggest contributor that we have to our overall results as we think about the productivity of more people in the system and, as Carlos also mentioned, with tenure of those associates picking up the increase in productivity of our sellers as they lap the 10-year band. So I think that's the biggest variable I see. We do have a lot of amazing things as it relates to products in the system. Certainly, the new user experience being broad-based across all of the products gives the sellers an extra step in their momentum as they head into the end of the year as it relates to demos due to that nature. I mentioned some of the other products such as the voice of the employee and our Intelligent Self-Service, which both serve us up through our mid-market. So that mid-market value proposition is continuing to grow. The other is the strength that we are seeing in that PEO and the HRO are comprehensive and managed services business -- businesses as it relates to customers that are continuing to face the complexity. By the way, whether they are up market, in the mid-market or even down market needing more of those tools to navigate the complexity of being an employer, and so we see tremendous strength there. And so we're making good progress on our Next Gen. Very pleased to see specifically on our Next Gen Payroll how that's resonating in the mid-market with Workforce Now. And as we continue to increase the addressable area that we are able to target with those offerings undoubtedly will yield, as you suggested, greater sales, greater PEPM as well some of these enhanced features and products that are served up through our existing platforms that I've mentioned before.
Maria Black: Yes. So we are -- we committed to -- and I've been talking about kind of that 50% of our overall mid-market and Workforce Now clients, and we continue to make progress on that. So we're not entirely -- at the entire market that work with an outsource today. But each and every day, actually, in every release, we continue to clear the path for more and more opportunities to be able to participate in that Next Gen offering, which is truly the game changer for ADP as it relates to the innovation there. 
Carlos Rodriguez: Thanks, Maria. Speaking of consistent value creation, let me start talking a little bit about the results here so we can get to the questions. We got off to a really strong start in fiscal 2023, with strong results that reflected the momentum we've been building for several quarters now. In Q1, we delivered 10% revenue growth, 11% on an organic constant currency basis, and this was driven by strength in a number of our businesses. And on top of that, we delivered 30 basis points of adjusted EBIT margin expansion as our revenue outperformance helped us overcome elevated expense grow over from last year's first quarter as well as continued investments in the business, which we anticipated and communicated to you last quarter.  We delivered 13% adjusted EPS growth in the quarter, and we remain well positioned as we move ahead for the rest of the year. I'll cover a few highlights for the quarter before I turn it back over to Maria. Our new business bookings, we showed continued momentum through Q1 with demand strongest in our downmarket offering like RUN and our retirement services businesses, and we also continue to see strong traction in our PEO solution. At the same time, bookings growth in our international business started a bit softer than we had hoped. We're continuing to watch the demand environment in international markets as clients and prospects there are dealing with a number of uncertainties, as you know. We are keeping an eye on the macroeconomic environment as well, but overall demand remains strong, and our pipeline looks solid. We'll share further updates on what we're seeing with bookings as we progress through the year. Our ES retention was very strong with a new overall Q1 record level led by great performance in our mid-market. We accomplished this year-over-year improvement despite further normalization in small business out of business rates in the quarter. We assume we will continue to experience normalization in out-of-business rates towards prepandemic levels as the year progresses, and we are clearly very pleased with the Q1 results and -- that were better than expected. Our pays to control metric was 6% for the quarter, in line with our expectations as strong hiring that our clients have conducted these past few quarters has carried through to strong pays per control growth this quarter. We continue to expect deceleration in pays per control growth later this year, and we've seen sequential employment growth begin to slow both in the National Employment Report and in public data. But that said, job postings and other leading indicators within our client base suggest that, at the very least in the short term, demand for labor will remain solid. And moving on to our PEO. We saw a modest deceleration in average worksite employee growth in the average worksite employee growth rate, which was anticipated, but the 12% growth was slightly ahead of our expectations for the quarter, and we're very pleased with that growth. Demand for both our PEO and our ES HRO offerings remains high as the value proposition for a fully outsourced model continues to resonate in the market. And in fact, our HRO businesses combine now to serve over 3 million worksite employees out of the 40 million total workers paid by ADP. Q1 not only provided a strong start to fiscal 2023 but also represented a major milestone in our company's history. As we -- as I mentioned earlier, we crossed the 1 million client mark during the quarter. What an incredible accomplishment. We accomplished this by driving improvement and growth on a consistent basis through decades of different employment cycles, business environments and technology shifts. It's a proud moment that was made possible only because of our relentless focus on meeting the needs of our clients, as Maria mentioned, both by delivering exceptional service and providing leading HCM technology. underpinning all of this is the dedication of our associates who ultimately make ADP a company it is today. As we look ahead, we recognize the need to remain agile in this unique and dynamic economic environment. And it is certainly our hope that inflation normalizes soon without significant harm to the global economy. But if macroeconomic conditions instead prove more challenging than we'd all like, we believe our stable business model should allow us to maintain our focus on innovation and our steady approach to investment, positioning us to continue driving long-term sustainable growth for many years to come. And it's for that reason that while I am incredibly excited to have reached 1 million clients, I'm even more excited about the opportunities ahead for ADP.  And I'll now turn it over to our new CEO, Maria.
Carlos Rodriguez: Actually, it's a good question because, honestly, it's something that we started -- we were joking about it yesterday, that I started talking about this about 12 months after I became CEO. Not that I was trying to leave 12 months after I became CEO. But in case people haven't noticed, I'm like a business junky, right? So I just love business. I also love kind of the whole idea of like a successful commercial enterprise, and you have this kind of tension in this area of succession where the longer you are around, the more you know. There's some studies out there that show that beyond a certain amount of time is really when CEOs hit their stride. But then there's an equal amount of research that shows you move beyond a certain time, you become stale. You don't have any new ideas. You become enamored with your own ideas and thoughts. And so I have not written the book on this, but I read a lot of books on this. And my sense was that kind of beyond seven years was -- there was diminishing returns based on my "research." And you can see that I made it past that. And some of that was -- circumstances, I think, made it such because I didn't have any specific goal. Like I'm not trying to run out the door. My -- the only thing I want to do is the best thing for ADP, and the best thing in this case now for Maria and for our Board. And so this is a collective decision over -- I know it's hard to believe but really over a decade as to what the right timing was, who the right person was and how to position them for success and how to position the company for success. By the way, that also involves -- we had a very meaningful refreshment of our Board that, I think, is something that has to be taken into context because it's all a package, right? It's the right CEO, the right Board, the right Board leadership. And so I think that bringing the Board along, I think, required a little bit more time than I had expected. So that's a long way of saying I don't have any magic answers to what the right time is. What I know for sure is not the right way to do it. There's nothing to do with my age and whether I'm young or I'm old or whatnot. It has to be done when it's the right time and it's the best thing for ADP, and I think that's what we just did.
Carlos Rodriguez: Well, that's fair. But I'm pretty happy with the results because we -- Don, this is just the way our culture is. So everybody is talking about all the positives that we have, like interest income and so forth. But we had some headwinds as well. Like our T&E is up significantly. Remember, last -- it's hard to remember that last year, this quarter, I think we were still in the whole Omicron thing. It was just starting and we really hadn't opened up most of our buildings. I think our salespeople were for sure in the field but not traveling and spending the way they are now. By the way, we were very grateful that we have them back in the field. . So like there are a couple of things like T&E is the smallest of them. The biggest one is when you look at our headcount numbers, it hasn't come up yet, but our sales force is I think, more than fully staffed. And as you probably heard from our comments six to nine months ago, it was difficult to get there back then. Now not only are we fully staffed but our turnover is coming down across the board not just in sales but also across the rest of the organization. So all of a sudden, if you look at our headcount growth for this quarter, it is what I would call a peak and the highest I have ever seen since I've been here at ADP. That was necessary because there was some catch-up, which is why we -- I called it a grow-over issue from last year's first quarter, where we were definitely understaffed, didn't have enough people. And then all of a sudden, our revenues actually were outperforming. The number of clients is outperforming, and you know how important retention is to us. So we set to basically stop up across the Board implementation, service and sales. And that's when you had that whole great resignation thing happening at the same time. And it was -- I mean, again, I don't think most companies go around talking about this, but we were trying to hire as fast and as many people as we could at that point. The good news is we were successful. I think the better news is that puts us in, I think, in a good position in terms of staffing and sales, but also in terms of our service and implementation organizations. And now with declining turnover again, from a plan standpoint, besides planning for patient for control to be "flattish" in the second half, our headcount growth declines -- the growth of headcount declines every quarter for the next 4 quarters. And I think that, I think, should help us feel good about this quarter and also about the fiscal year. So I think technically, Don is correct. By the way, if you go back to ADP's 10-year history, this has been a weird two or three years like us not raising as we hadn't raised in the quarter, again, I don't know what you would have thought of that or what it would have meant, but I think that's pretty -- any maybe can confirm or tell me I'm wrong, but like we weren't in the habit of changing a lot in the first quarter because this is -- how can we say this is a predictable, stable business that we know what we're doing and then changing set every quarter. It doesn't make sense. Now we have a pandemic, that's a different story. Like we struggled like everyone else to kind of keep a handle on what things were happening -- how things were happening on the way down and also on the way back up. But this is going to be a much more stable environment. I would hope some of you would welcome that. But with 10%, 11% growth organic and our headwinds from expenses abating here a little bit, I think we're in a pretty good position.
Carlos Rodriguez: Yes. I think Maria can talk about -- I think she's actually been looking into a lot of the details around pipeline disorder. The only thing that I would add is color commentary. I was trying to defer to Maria on kind of the big picture in terms of bookings. But since I've been doing this for a long time, 44 quarters and then many years kind of watching from, I guess, a year before that as not quite a year, but as President, and before that, I really paid close attention to all this stuff. And Maria mentioned it, but the problem with the crystal ball right now is that when we have the kind of finish we had, you saw how enthusiastic we were and how bullish we were in terms of our finish and whatnot. And almost predictably, when we have that kind of finish, about half of our business, we count the bookings when we sign a contract. And the other half, we only count the bookings once the client starts. And that portion of the business that -- like, by the way, that's the way most companies that sell to larger clients book their bookings, which is when you sign a contract. That's why it's called bookings. That has always been an issue when we have this very strong quarter and very strong finish, the pull-forward stuff has been driving me crazy forever because we have very strong incentives and what we call accelerators in terms of commissions and so forth that drive, and we want that because we want to get the revenue as quickly as possible, but that sometimes leads to kind of a weaker start. The problem here is that on top of that, now you have a macroeconomic challenge potentially, we definitely have a macroeconomic challenge in Europe. Luckily, it's not a huge part our bookings. So it's hard to differentiate. But what I would tell you, again, back to color, the businesses that we count the bookings when they start are mostly the downmarket businesses. So that would be SBS, PEO, et cetera. We had double-digit bookings growth in those businesses. That makes me think that it's unlikely that, all of a sudden, we have an economic whatever challenge or disaster because why would those businesses still be performing the way they are. But I would just -- a forward-looking statement, I would say I don't know for sure that that there isn't a problem in terms of demand or the economy or whatnot, but it doesn't feel from the first quarter like we could put our finger on something that says, holy cow, we have to put the kind of the red flag or the yellow warning flag up just yet. And I don't know, Maria, if you have comments in terms of a little bit more tangible…
Carlos Rodriguez: And one of the -- if I can just add like one of the beauties of our business model is that bookings are, for sure, an incredibly important thing, especially kind of over the longer term. But I mean, I hope it's obvious that, from a revenue standpoint, again, with visibility only for the next two, three quarters, we have -- it's really about converting prior sales, which were incredibly strong in prior bookings. I mean you saw what our bookings results were for the fourth quarter and for the year. So that's the stuff that now turns into revenue in those businesses where we recognize the booking at the time we sign a contract. So that -- it's just -- I know it's obvious but just a reminder because this business doesn't -- we're not selling widgets, where if you stop selling widgets, like all of a sudden you're back to zero next quarter, like the -- I think we have a solid revenue plan that I think reflects, as Maria said, what I think was already a pretty conservative number in terms of bookings growth, particularly in the back half of the year. So we may have other issues like FX on the negative side, clients fund interest may help even more or may help less, but I don't think the bookings issue is a fiscal '23 focus item in terms of impact on revenue. 
Carlos Rodriguez: It's really -- I think it's -- the controllable factors, I think, are the most satisfying part of the whole story because the story is kind of playing out a little bit the way we expected, which is small business is kind of in the process of kind of normalizing. But the really -- by the way, positive ironically in our international business, which might not be so ironic because the challenges economically, there are probably getting -- convincing people that they stay put. I don't want to say that it's not all great execution because we have a great leader in international, and we have the former great leader of international here, which is Don McGuire. So there's a lot of great things that have happened in that business that are probably powering some underlying improvement in retention. So some of it is probably inertia as a result of what's happening in the economic environment there. But the most satisfying part of the whole story here is what's happening in the mid-market, where I think some fundamental improvements that we made pre-pandemic, you remember all the pain in terms of the migrations and then the improvements in product, the UX experience improvements, all those things, it just seems like it's ratcheted up the "potential", the maximum potential retention, if you will, for our mid-market business, which was a record this quarter as well. Clearly, the down market -- the pace of normalization of the down market has some impact. But the big story, I think, this quarter was really the mid-market, and our international business has helped a lot on the retention side.
Carlos Rodriguez: I have nothing to add other than -- I obviously picked the right time to retire. Very well said. And because I think that encapsulates lots of other things where we focus more on the longer-term in the medium term rather than because, again, if rates do normalize, as you said, we're going to be very grateful that we -- that our extended portfolio that we took advantage of these "higher rates" that will help us for two, three, in some cases, five years down the road. So it's the right -- we're not a financial services company. We're not a bank, and that's not the kind of best that we're trying to make here. This is just -- happens to be a nice little windfall as a result of a business model that we have that allows us to kind of manage float income at a very, very large scale. And anyway, well said.
Carlos Rodriguez: Yes, listen, I appreciate that because I joke around with people that I used to actually watch TV and sports a long time ago, but there was like about a 20-year period where I have no idea what's going on. But I do know Don Shula and I know the goose egg defense, I think they were called to say, whatever the hell they were.
Carlos Rodriguez: So no-name defense. There you go there. I screwed it up. It was trying to prove that I actually knew something about sports and I blew it so. But I appreciate that. That's greatly appreciated. You're a class act yourself, Mark. Thank you.
Carlos Rodriguez: Yes. And I think the simple math is, again, rather than getting into individual quarters because that talk about trying to like -- it's very hard to pin down that exact number. But I think ballpark, 6 for the first half, zero for the second half, gets you to 2 to 3 that you have for the full year. I mean that's probably the right -- obviously, the way we laid it out is slightly different than that but that's close enough, I think, for what you're trying to accomplish, I think.
Carlos Rodriguez: The only -- the other color commentary that I would add is, I think the PEO -- again, if you look at last year, it's obviously, we've seen, as expected, some deceleration, but I would call 12% employee growth is still pretty strong. That obviously requires investment, right, in terms of service, implementation expense, et cetera. And so I would say that the PEO is one of those places where we were really adding a lot in terms of expense and resources from a place where we were not where we needed to be, call it, last year's first quarter. So that's the poster child, I think, for this kind of grow-over expense situation that we have. But the good news is, I think, is we are -- we're staffed. Again, turnover is improving across the board in terms of all parts of ADP. And I'm talking to other CEOs, I think this is happening kind of across. Things are just kind of settling down. That helps a lot because improvements in tenure help a lot in terms of productivity and just getting the work done.
Carlos Rodriguez: Well, what can I say? Another disappointing quarter where no one asked about the dividend. So let me just say that if the Board -- obviously I don't want to get ahead of the Board, but if the Board approves a dividend increase in November, this will be our 48th year of increasing dividends, which I think is a pretty elite group out there. And if you look at our payout ratio and you assume the Board will want to stay in the same payout ratio, you can do the math in terms of what's going to happen with our dividend. I think people really way underestimate. I hope this doesn't become an environment where for the next 10 years people are very focused on dividends because that has its own negative implications. But if you look at over 50 years or 70 years or 100 years, dividends matter, right? And compounding growth of dividends matters a lot. If you look at ADP's return, I'm doing a little math since we went public, which is why I was bragging about this being one of the most successful commercial enterprises in history. And again, and all of you have the same HP 12C calculators, you do that math, it's a pretty important driver of overall returns. So I'm incredibly proud of that. Maria gets to be the person who will preside over the celebration, again, forward-looking statements assuming we get there, of reaching 50 years, which will make us a dividend king. And I think there's only like less than 15 companies that have accomplished that, and some pretty incredible names. So that's the only thing I want to talk about was the dividend and the one last comment I have is what I've always said, and I'll say it again, I'm incredibly grateful. I'm grateful to my team. I'm grateful to Maria. I'm grateful to the Board. But the people who really get all the work done are the people on the front lines here at ADP, the 60,000 associates that make everything happen for us. There's something that Henry Taub put in the water that has created this culture, a can-do culture of delivering consistent results, not just from a financial standpoint before our clients. I think it's just fundamental to what we do to our DNA. And I'm so proud of our associates in terms of what I've seen them do throughout my career here at ADP, but particularly over the last three years, which were unbelievably challenging. And I know many other companies and many other employees of other companies stepped up to the plate. So I know that we're not unique, but I don't know what I know, and I only know the people I know, and they're great people doing great things every day for our clients. And that -- doing that is what has delivered the results that you guys enjoy as investors. So never forget that it all starts with our associates. I thank you for listening. This is my last earnings call after 44 of them. And like I said, I won the Super Bowl, and I like the analogy to the Dolphins. I'm not sure that I had a perfect season ever. I made plenty of mistakes, I learned from them and made myself and ADP a better and stronger company, but I definitely feel like I have one of those Super Bowl rings on. So I may have to go buy something a little bit bigger in terms of jewelry, so I can brag about it. But thanks again for listening to me all these years, putting up with me. And as I said, to our leaders and to our associates that I remain their servant leader, I remain your servant leader now moving on to becoming a shareholder and also to a Director. Thank you very much.
Don McGuire: Yes. And with respect to the pricing, we've been very happy with our ability to execute the price increase in the way we did. And as we've said on prior calls, we're mindful of the fact that these are incremental costs for our clients as well, and we need to be competitive. So we made sure that we've price increased and passed on the costs we have in a way that keeps our customers with us for a very, very long time. Having said that, we said 100 basis points to 150 basis points. And I would tell you that, currently, we're pushing towards the upper end of that range in the price increase. So we've done very well against expectations and executed, as I said, well across the business. Of course, is there more available? Good question. If we look at our client base, particularly with the large clients, we do have contractual obligations that come due from time to time. And a number of those are tied to various price indices, et cetera. So that limits the ability to do anything beyond some of the pricing indices that drive or undermine or underlay, if you will, the price that we have. But I guess I would say we've been very happy with where we are now, and we'll always look to see if there's an opportunity. But I think that we want to make sure -- we will continue to make sure that we do what's best for ADP in the long term as opposed to being too overzealous, if you will, with short-term price increases.
Don McGuire: I think it's -- certainly, the rates helped us. But just a couple of things to comment on. Certainly, we still we're performing well against our internal expectations on margin improvement. So we're still very focused on spend and efficiency of spend, et cetera. But I don't think that we would have been as -- we wouldn't have been as eager to raise expectations in the absence of interest rates, especially given it's still Q1, and we need a little bit of time to see how things progress over the next couple of quarters.
Don McGuire: Yes, I'm going to start on this, but something tells me Carlos won't be able to resist following up on whatever I have to say here. So I guess I would say that the laddering strategy that was implemented a number of years ago has delivered great returns. And while I think everyone can see the temptation of changing the duration and trying to benefit more from short-term rates, rates will either normalize or they may even come down again at some point in the future. So this laddering strategy that's been deployed over the number of years has served us very well, and we expect it will continue to serve us well. And not to say that this question doesn't come up from time to time if we discuss it. But every time that we look at it, we -- you really either -- you're making a bet for today as opposed to for down the road. And given the positive experience we've had, it doesn't really behoove us to make any substantial changes to a policy and a program that has been doing very, very well. Carlos, I'm sure...
Don McGuire: Yes. So I think we were happy with 6% growth in the first quarter. And once again, back to Carlos' earlier comments, if you had believed all the economic forecasts, you might not have been expecting to see that stronger growth in pays per control. But we do continue to see the pays per control growth moderating down in the first half of this year. And as we shared -- as I shared in the prior -- the prepared comments, we have virtually zero pays per control growth in the back half of the year. So we do expect that we should -- given the strength of the first quarter, the first half should be a little bit better. I think we've reflected that in some of our guidance here already. And as we go through the next few months, we will be in a position to better decide whether we think we're going to be bullish or bearish on what's going to happen in the back half. And quite frankly, I think we'd all like to be very bullish about what's going to happen based on the first quarter's results, but I think if we did that, we'd kind of look a little bit foolish given all the predictions and all the storm clouds that people are talking about. So 6% first quarter slowing for the first half and then essentially very little growth if any, in the back half is what we're looking at.
Don McGuire: Sure. I mean, I can give you the specific numbers, you'll see them later in the Q anyway. So the -- we had a $14 million positive adjustment in the first quarter, and that compares to a $10 million positive adjustment in the first quarter of last year. So not that significant, $4 million, give or take. So that's the -- those are the raw numbers. We do not expect to see as good a reserve release in this fiscal year as we saw last year. There's still several quarters to go through, and the actuarials let us know what those numbers are, but we are contemplating the same level of reserve adjustment or recovery as we did in FY '22.
