Carlos A. Rodriguez: It's a great question. Obviously, there are two factors that are affecting the growth in our new business bookings. One was the known factor which is the difficult grow-over and obviously, we had some sense of that and factored it in in terms of our guidance for the year because we were obviously below our long-term 8% to 10% as a result of what we knew was going to be a more limited base to sell into since we had already sold half of our clients on ACA. So that was a known factor, but the reality is we didn't know exactly how much difficulty we would have in selling additional modules of ACA over what we sold last year. So that is a factor that obviously has become more difficult to measure given the talk of the administration of repeal and replace of ACA. So I guess, in a nutshell, whatever we assumed about the difficult grow-over, I think, it became a much more difficult grow-over as we think many companies in the midmarket and upmarket are probably – have a wait-and-see attitude in terms of what's going to happen around the Affordable Care Act. I think that there's also this kind of second factor which obviously we have no scientific way of measuring which feels like people are in general just delaying and waiting to see what happens not just with ACA, but with a variety of other things that the administration is talking about. Having said all that, there are also a lot of positive things and we see that reflected in some of the public markets or the equity markets in terms of anticipation of lower tax rates and fiscal stimulus and so forth. And in particular, one of the things that I noted, I've seen a chart that shows – I believe it's the NFIB confidence index, but small business confidence indexes are kind of off the charts positive and in a strange way, it's a little bit reflective of kind of what we're experiencing which is continued success which we don't give guidance by segment, but we have very good and strong new business bookings results in our down market and not so much in our mid and upmarket. And of course, the PEO, we generally consider to be a down market business but that business does have obviously a relationship to ACA and what's going on around regulation and the variety of regulations that had been talked about previously that now may be subject to change on a go-forward basis. So there's a lot of moving parts and hopefully that provides you a little bit of color, but we don't have really great precise scientific tool to be able to ascertain how much of the weakness is coming from each factor.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Sure. I mean, the most obvious one is this the discussion around the Affordable Care Act, so we – as I mentioned in my prepared comments, ADP generally does well when there's change, but not when there's uncertainty about change. And so I think a protracted debate about what replacement means or what will be happening is probably not helpful to us in terms of our new business bookings results. There are a number of other items out there around, for example, overtime rules, EEOC [Equal Employment Opportunity Commission] reporting around pay equity and even DOL rules around the fiduciary responsibility that affects our retirement services business. So there's a number of things that are in play by the administration, generally speaking over 67 years we have benefited from whether it's one particular party or another particular party or one philosophy versus another philosophy because generally there's change, there's constant change and I think, employers use services like ours to help them manage through that change. So we, on a medium to long-term basis, are, I think, optimistic that whatever form comes of healthcare reform whether it's more state based or just a different way of providing because I think the administration appears to be committed to maintaining the number of people that have insurance so that will require some form of tracking and some form of enforcement or tax credits and it maybe more state based, but that's something that we hope to be able to help our clients navigate through when the administration and Congress, I think, get further along in terms of figuring out what exactly they want to do. And there's a number of other regulations that are probably less public and less significant on an individual new business bookings basis, but they all add up to quite a lot of bit of potential change which I think would be very good for ADP.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: As you can see from our retention notes, we haven't add – I think, Jan makes a great point which is what's fascinating is obviously the challenge for us right now is the new business bookings, but we haven't had cancellations or in fact we have clients that are still being implemented on ACA, but it's natural that once you've made a decision and you're committed and you're on the path and it is the law, by the way, it still is the law, it makes sense to go forward, but I can see how some people, if they're doing it in-house or doing it themselves might be hesitant to make a decision given the uncertainty around what's actually going to happen regarding the law.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, I didn't say the new business bookings growth was weak in the PEO, we don't give segment reporting with details of our bookings. I was just trying to give you a general flavor because, as you saw, we also had some weakness on the revenue growth, but that wasn't necessarily related to ACA, but just in general, I was trying to convey that there is some logical, I guess, explanation to some of what's happening in the sense that there appears to be a lot of optimism on the part of small businesses and we're seeing that reflected in parts of our business. In other parts of the business the results are mixed because we do, I think, see as a result of the fact that 50% of the PEO's business comes from referrals of our existing payroll sales force, to the extent that that sales force is encountering some slower decision-making, particularly in the midmarket, and also encountering some slow decision-making as a result of uncertainty about ACA that is expected to have and is having some impact on the PEO. But to be clear, the weakness in the revenue growth of the PEO was almost exclusively the pass-through revenues and lower inflation in health benefits and a slight slowing in benefits participation which is probably also related to a, quote unquote, peaking of ACA implementations. And by that I mean that we have seen several year decline in benefits participation rate, in other words how many eligible employees of the PEO actually take benefits and that sort of the trend upward as we got closer to the deadline. So the last, call it, two years right before ACA, given the fact that the law was intended to increase participation and companies were coming to the PEO in order to comply with the law, we saw those participation rates trend up. And now we saw the increase in the second quarter be a smaller increase than in the prior second quarter and in the quarters before that. So that slowing trend of benefits participation coupled with lower inflation of benefits per worksite employee is what led to slower growth, if you will, in the PEO, but the 12% worksite employee growth is still very, very strong, so we're still very happy with what we consider to be net revenue growth in the PEO which is now growing almost in line with worksite employees whereas historically had grown a little bit faster because of this pass-through cost pressure. So I hope that helps a little bit...
Carlos A. Rodriguez: And it's certainly isn't for lack of head count, so we're in a strong position from a sales force capability standpoint. And I think if your question was really around did our retention – I think, you started off by asking about retention, did retention benefit from slower decision, that's possible. So it is possible that on the other side of the coin, if you will, people didn't make as many decisions than we were able to hold on to clients, it'd have very difficult for us to measure that, but it's possible.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think we also have – I think our expectation is a little bit of a return of the growth of the PEO pass-through cost, which I think that just mathematically also adds to – I think the last part of your question was a broad PEO margin pressure question about ADP, but in this first half, second half it is a factor. Based on our current forecast, just the expectation for our pass-through cost for the second half alone causes some pressure in the second half. And I think your broader question about overall pressure is a very, very good question which we spend a lot of time looking at and talking about. But this year in particular, because of lower benefits inflation costs, we actually, as you could tell from the first half of the year, it actually helped us. It took some of the pressure that we had historically had off. So even though the PEO has an absolute lower margin, the fact that its margin has been improving as much as it has combined with the slower growth of pass-through costs made this a moot point for the first two quarters of this year. And I think what you have from us is a commitment to really make sure that we have a lot of transparency around because we do a lot of what-if scenarios around the next two to three years what the PEO margin expectation is versus the ES margin expectation and the overall ADP. And we feel comfortable at least right now that we are in a place where we're able to still achieve the guidance that we've provided on a long-term basis, but over time that could change. If we have a lot of inflation and pass-through costs, we might have to revisit that topic just because of the pure mathematics, not because of the quality of the business or the strength of the business, just because of the math that I think you're implying. But I think for now, I think we're in an okay position.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: No, I think that – Jan may have something to add, but we had a great quarter earnings-wise, so that helps because we obviously provide guidance based on what we really think is going to happen. And as I think we were clear in our comments, the second quarter exceeded our expectation. So in fairness, we got a little bit of tailwind from the second quarter going into "maintaining" our guidance for the year on earnings. So I think we feel good about where we are in terms of our expenses, even though Jan described very well this issue of we've lapped our ACA revenues, and we had already lapped our ACA expenses for the last two quarters. So those kind of factors are what helped boost the margins in the first two quarters of the fiscal year which we don't get in the second two quarters of the fiscal year. But in general when we look at the quality and the trajectory of the business, we feel pretty good other than this issue in new business bookings, which ironically helps our margin in the first half of the fiscal year. Other than that factor, we feel pretty good about where we are.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Jan, I think to add to that, I think we have some historical data to support Jan's points like, obviously, we don't have any historical data to really be able to ascertain what's happening, what month and with what regulation. But the first point about the economy is indisputable that when ADP is obviously a very – from a recurring revenue model standpoint on our revenues and our profitability and so forth a relatively defensive steady company, but new business bookings is a little bit different. And when you look at 20 years of data, our new business bookings growth over the course of rolling four quarters because obviously any one quarter can have issues like we just experienced. We can have a new regulation that requires a new product. We had for example Y2K 20 years ago but, in general, follows very, very closely almost a smooth line what's happening with the economy, as does our pays per control growth. So our pays per control growth when unemployment is going up, tends to go down and vice versa. So we are in new business bookings, I think, somewhat tied to the strength of the economy and so, as Jan said – and we are, obviously, we try to be as transparent as possible. We were sitting here talking about potentially entering a recession. We would have to, I think, temper our optimism based on that 20 years of history. But since that doesn't appear to be the environment that we're entering at least for now, we feel that we're going to rely on this historical data and I think plan on returning to historical growth rates in our new business, and our new business bookings. In terms of this issue of the specific regulations and change and so forth, there's also a lot of history in ADP. There's more than 20 years of history where even though there are bumps along the road in terms of the amount of regulation and the type of regulation, in general the trajectory has been in one direction. And that's a global statement, not just a U.S. statement because governments try to effect public policy through employment and through employers, whether it's around safety, or taxes, or a variety of healthcare in this case. And so we like where we are, we like the space we operate in, and we're optimistic about, I think, the future, although obviously, we're not exactly happy about what's happening in the short term here.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: And I think – I'll just add that I think we are working on these types of products and others in order to drive not just incremental revenue from the products themselves, but to gain market share and to win more new business. Because the reality is that when we wake up every morning we're thinking about how you grow over $1.75 billion in new business bookings. And to give you a specific answer like in the next year or two we don't plan on sharing on this call that it had the same impact as ACA. Because again, the numbers are just so large that unless we simultaneously generate incremental revenues from new products, while driving – using those new products to drive better differentiation and more net new wins in the marketplace to gain market share, then we're not going to be able to grow the business. I think Jan described it well which is it's a very broad strategy around differentiation and strengthening our products, as well as we don't mind earning a little bit of extra revenue and income from selling those types of products.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So we like it so much because there's a service component in addition to a technology component which actually fits well with our business model, so you're right. There is a – they have deep, deep data analytics and insights in their own business, and so there's a lot of research-based, data-driven decision-making in how they deliver their products. I think the belief by them and by us is that we have obviously a very big data set to be able to enhance the work that they do to really help people create a better workforce. And so I think the combination of the coaching, the data and the analytics along with combining that with ADP, I think, we think that we could really do something special here. So again, caution that given the $12 billion of revenue, if it wasn't obvious from our comments, this is not an immediate game changer from a revenue growth standpoint, but it's an immediate game changer from a strategic standpoint and from a brand standpoint.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: No. I think that that's as good a math as – for example, when we had some challenges with retention in the last year, that's kind of the way to look at things is to use simple math to put things in perspective. And so we obviously fully expect to return to stronger new business bookings growth as these compares get a little bit easier and hopefully as some of this uncertainty wears off, but I think that your math is dead on, which is why you hear us still remaining optimistic. We would obviously prefer to have $100 million then to not have the $100 million, but I think in the context of what we're trying to accomplish for the company from a value generation standpoint, EPS, share buybacks, et cetera, it really doesn't – for now, it doesn't have a major impact.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Jan, I think that – sorry. Maybe I didn't at first understand the question, but I did look last night at sales force productivity over the last few years. And as you can imagine, now our average productivity per sales rep is down, but largely driven by ACA. If you exclude ACA, our sales productivity is still in line with our expectations. So I think what we've had is we had – and I think we've been every quarter I think very, very clear. We haven't been pretending that it was either sustainable or that we had done something magical to all of a sudden create such a huge increase in productivity in our sales force. I wish we had. Clearly, we got help from and lift from ACA sales. We had two years of 13% and 12% new business bookings growth, fiscal years, and I don't know the last time that we had ever done that. So clearly, maybe we didn't emphasize enough how much help we were getting. And certainly now it's difficult to go back to the sales force and remind them that we had help and now the help isn't there anymore. We've got to now focus on fundamentals. We've got to go back to selling new clients and the old-fashioned approach of ADP of having a reasonable mix of head count growth and productivity growth. And I think when I look through the numbers and try to normalize for ACA, we feel pretty good about where we are in terms of head count and also sales force productivity.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: It's actually a fantastic question because this afternoon I'm actually going to speak to our midmarket sales force about some of the things that we can and need to do in terms of getting ourselves reset here for a different environment. I think, as we said multiple times today, we're not going to a zero regulation environment. So 99% of the laws and regulations that affect employers are still in place today that were in place two months ago, and they're probably going to be in place a year and five years from now, and there may be new ones. And so we have always been there to help our clients with compliance and with regulation. Having said that, we're clearly entering a period of time with tightening labor markets where I think many employers' attention is going to turn to how to attract and retain a workforce. And this is something that we've been building to over the last four to five, six, seven years by investing in our talent management suites. by investing in tools to help our clients use data and analytics to run their business better and manage a better workforce. So we've been preparing fortunately for this strategic opportunity here for many years, and it's coming and it's coming fast because I believe we reported the ADP Employment Report this morning, and that's only going to add to I think the tighter labor markets. Because as we've seen multiple times in the last 20 to 30 years, as unemployment gets to the level that it's at now and we understand that there might still be a little bit of slack as a result of labor force participation, but that slack will also inevitably come out of the system, whether it's in 6 months or in 12 months. It may have already come out, we don't know. But besides higher interest rates, which are going to be beneficial to ADP, we think this is going to be beneficial to ADP's new business bookings and to our approach to the market, which is to help our clients and products exactly with this topic. How do you attract and retain the best workforce when everyone else is trying to do the same thing? So we're not ready to say there's a war for talent yet, but clearly there are pockets of that. And I think when that happens, I think some of the products and solutions that we've developed, this acquisition that we've just done with TMBC, I think, position us well to help our clients with that.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So as we mentioned, obviously some of the uncertainties that have been created as a result of this change in administration and the talk about repeal and replace of ACA are certainly not helping us in terms of our new business bookings here in the second quarter, but we still are pretty positive about our business model. I think you've heard that from us today that we're well positioned for helping our clients with what are becoming very, very tight labor markets, and we're also optimistic that there will be some change. We know there's going to be change, so repeal is clearly in the eye of the beholder, but given that there's a commitment to maintaining 20 million Americans on insurance we believe there will be some new form of tracking of regulation and that we will have something that we can help our clients with if not the current ACA products that we have today. In the meantime, we're going to rely on our historical track record of being able to navigate through obviously these uncertain times and wait for the inevitable pickup in the economic activity as well as government activity around some of these changes. We continue to invest in simplifying our portfolio, as Jan said, including using that as one of the criteria for acquisitions. You've heard us talk about how we're aligning our service model. We're very excited about what that's going to do for the quality and long term cost of our service, and as you heard from us today, we're certainly not backing down on our distribution channel. So we continue to invest in our sales force and grow our sales force because we plan on continuing to grow. So we appreciate your time today. Thank you for joining us, and we appreciate your interest in ADP.
Jan Siegmund: And Jim, if I add on the revenue risk that we might have for this year, I would consider that as minimal so our clients that are subscribing to our ACA solutions obviously are preparing for their filings in this fiscal year and anecdotal evidence is that our clients really look forward to ADP to help them through that change. So the actual revenue risk for this fiscal year, I would describe, as minimal.
Jan Siegmund: I just have one piece of information for you, Tim, is the average client size in the PEO is now around mid 40s, so it spans really the small business space as well as our midmarket up to a couple hundred employees per client, so it's affected by performance in down and midmarket in its growth.
Jan Siegmund: We monitor obviously our competitive position in the market space and I think we have seen performance competitively according to our expectations. One element that Carlos had not mentioned is, I think, our sales force has reported relatively strong pipelines overall throughout these months, so it was really not due to a lack of interest, but it was really what we felt a slowing of the decision-making process as we forecasted certainly, but also those things together, solid competitive position as well as good pipeline gave us basically the basis for the forecast that we just made.
Jan Siegmund: James, that is a fairly comprehensive margin question, I would say. So let me start, I think you are isolating some of the factors that create more margin pressure in the second half of our fiscal year. So number one is the easier compare that we had in the first half of the fiscal year due to our ACA related investments is clear. So in the beginning of 2016 fiscal year we had largely selling and implementation expense for ACA and then we started to receive revenues for these products in the third and fourth quarter of last fiscal year. And so the upcoming quarters don't have that easier compare and so the margin expansion that we experienced in the first two quarters is not going to repeat itself due to the growing into our more steady ACA revenue base. Secondly, we expect of course sales to grow as we indicated in our prepared remarks, and so that means of course also selling expense is anticipated to grow and in this case contribute to the margin pressure. And we're also continuing our investments into product and innovation, which is in this case at an equal basis contributing to the margin pressure.
Jan Siegmund: Let me start about the Service Alignment Initiative. The Service Alignment Initiative causes us in the fiscal year to take a restructuring charge of approximately $100 million throughout, and we took the first 40-some million dollars in the first quarter and just very little in the second quarter. In addition to those restructuring costs, we incur about a 20 bps margin pressure through dual operations, which is not part of the non-GAAP measure. And that is incurring throughout the fiscal year, so there's not a great variation in this throughout. The second question to you, about 0.5%, a little less than 0.5% of the margin improvement in the first half is due to our lower MDE – our lower selling expense – selling and marketing expense in the first half, and then about 120 basis points was operating efficiencies of scale.
Jan Siegmund: While we have noodled this question now a number of ways, I tried to add a few elements to it. If the changes in economic policy lead to sustained economic growth, that is the most important driver for our success of new business bookings. So if the belief that is currently I guess reflected in bullish equity markets and other things, business confidence comes true, I think that will be naturally a good thing because we are positively correlated to good economic environment, and good employment helps ADP. So the fundamental – that's the most important driver for our new business bookings growth is a healthy economic environment. Now economic – changes in the regulatory environment contribute maybe to economic growth and they also contribute to change in regulatory requirements in the HR space, which help ADP. I would guess that change will happen over time and the number of changes that are coming down to our clients is high, so I don't think there's a principal change in need for compliance solutions in the HR space to be foreseen in any near-term future. So net-net, I think, if the economic positive outcome materializes, I think that will be good news for ADP overall and we remain confident in our ability to sell.
Jan Siegmund: Lisa, yeah, our big data and analytics capabilities we view as one of our strategic differentiators in our product set. And we're planning actually to capture the benefit of this capability that is quite unique in a variety of methods. And the most fundamental is that we're going to be incorporating many of those analytics, benchmarking and predictive analytics, into our core product and differentiate the core bundle with a better solution. So for example, data and DataCloud is an integral part of our Vantage offering and is available to all Vantage clients, and is part of what makes Vantage a differentiated product. In the mid-market we're selling it as an incremental module for now, and clients buy it on a recurring revenue basis. We have a few thousand clients having bought the product in the last 12 months or so. So we're kind of in the very early stages of rolling out these capabilities to it. I encourage everybody to think about the data analytics capability as a broad differentiator that will not only affect our core product for our clients, will improve our service and implementation capabilities, and will be – we're kind of right now in the very beginning stages of seeing those benefits coming through.
Jan Siegmund: We're steered away from the digital numbers here, but we're committed to substantially complete the migrations in our-market space by the end of the fiscal year. And I think we're going to have a few stragglers into the first quarter, but substantially we are on plan with those migrations.
Jan Siegmund: Yes, it does. So one big chunk, of course, is the adjustment to our selling expense expectations that we had for that product. As you might imagine that is significantly down and our new guidance incorporates that thinking.
Jan Siegmund: And, David, while that quantitative estimate is that kind of scopes it, but obviously, key assumptions for revenue growth also are impacted by your belief in retention as well as we pointed out in this point of time of year, in particular around the pass-through revenue growth of the POE, those would be the two other factors that I think could have meaningful or somehow an impact on your revenue growth expectations for the longer term.
Jan Siegmund: I think we indicated that we had new business bookings weakness in the mid and up market. That was stronger impacted by the slowing of the buying decisions. And if you refer – I think, I can tell you that our client growth continues to be very solid, mostly driven by our success in the down market, so really very nice performance in the small business market with unit growth. So mathematically, I guess, what it boils down is a mix of all of that together.
Jan Siegmund: No. Not really. Not a change. I think both fell a little bit short. Clearly, it's always clouded right now by this difficult compare about the ACA, and we have emphasized this in a number of calls. The ACA modules themselves are easy to identify, but ACA has triggered a lot of buying decisions for broader product bundles. And it's hard to analytically differentiate between what was the true ACA impact and what was just enhanced buying cycles because this triggered a buying event in what was just regular course of business. So we're a little bit hesitant to say that. But overall, in the mid and upmarket, I think we have seen continuation of trends and new logo growth as we call it and upselling. It's just at a lower level.
Jan Siegmund: I think we always have maintained a position that we view our balance sheet and our capital strength as one of our assets, and we have been evaluating and looking at acquisitions all along. And so you should anticipate that we'll keep an open mind around those going forward, and they will need now a joint evaluation of augmenting us strategically, like the talent management acquisition of Marcus Buckingham fits right into this talent search, manage your workforce better, so strategically fitting well, but also not adding in a disproportionate way to the complexity of our operations as we have focused so much to simplify our varying environment. And we're going to, as a management team, evaluate those acquisitions to maximize the value really eventually for the shareholder over time.
Jan Siegmund: We have reported that last year we filed for approximately 10 million employees 1095 forms, so that gives you a rough revenue estimate, between $150 million and $200 million of ACA revenue in our business. But it is with very – we have to be very thoughtful about what will happen to them. Clearly, it could go away, but it could also maintain new solutions, certain reporting requirements which are at the core of the value proposition of the ACA. So we at this point are really not in a position to estimate what part of this revenue is at risk or if there could be even further growth in that ACA revenue, but it gives you a rough estimate about the size of our directly ACA-related revenues, about $150 million to $200 million.
