Carlos A. Rodriguez: Sure. I think I'm not sure that we said that we had weakness. I think that it really was an improvement from the first quarter, so I think we're heading in the right direction from a trend standpoint. But mathematically, we still, obviously, came short of where we had our plans. So I think it's fair to say we had weakness, but I just want to make sure that we clarify that it was much better than in the first quarter. And we do have a little bit of visibility now, with January results in, and January, I think, was also even more promising from a trend standpoint than the second quarter. So we're actually feeling better about our comments last quarter that this is really a pipeline issue, that we needed to rebuild the pipeline and that we felt that the second half of the year was going to be better. So again, I think in my comments I talked about an expectation for a strong second half, which, obviously, to get us into the 8% to 10% range would be necessary. And I think January gives us some confidence of that, specifically in the upmarket business that we have, which really includes not just national accounts and Vantage, but also includes multinational benefits administration. There are a number of products that comprise our upmarket business globally. And I think Jan may have some additional information on Vantage, in terms of where we stand there.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: It's a good question because we obviously over the last 2 or 3 years has -- the law has evolved, and eventually went to -- or parts of it were implemented, we were trying to assess both the upsides and the downsides for not just our PEO, but other parts of our business. So all I can tell you is that it looks right now like it's mostly positive. And based on the January results, which are an outsized proportion of the total sales of the PEO for the year, just because of the way that PEO works with tax restarts and other issues that's probably not worth getting into, a significant portion of our annual sales take place in the actual month of January or start in the month of January because we count, in the PEO, our sales and our clients started the same or in equivalent. And again, we did look at our January results and they were, I would say, even stronger than the first half. And so it really does feel like that business has quite a lot of momentum. And when we look at the factors that are driving that momentum, they do feel like multiyear or that they are not just 1 or 2 quarters. Now, whether multiyear means 5 or 10 years, that's a different story because it's hard to see that far out. But we don't see this momentum letting up in the near future.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, our think our sales force is I think using the Affordable Care Act and changes in regulation and compliance and so forth as, I think, one of the reasons why we think prospects should be talking to us. And particularly the fact that we have integrated products in Workforce Now and in Vantage, I think, really help with that conversation. The ability to have time and attendance, benefits and payroll and HR all in one integrated database is a very, very strong value proposition. So I think it is providing a door-opening opportunity for all segments of ADP. But the PEO, I think, has -- is in a unique position, where they are benefiting, I think, in an outsized manner. I think I'd hasten to say that they're also just executing very well, so we have really great sales leadership there and great salespeople. So I don't want to take anything away from them because when I look back, I just happened to glance as we were talking about the PEO at our historical results in PEO in terms of sales, and this is really the fourth year of very good sales results. So I think we're benefiting somewhat from the wind at our back from ACA, but we've got to give credit where credit is due. They've done just a fabulous job execution-wise.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I'll let Jan give a scientific answer. But I think the short answer is, yes, it helps. A shortfall in our upmarket business in bookings, I think, doesn't affect us as much in the short term as, obviously, a shortfall in our low end of our business because of just how fast those clients start. So I think we've done some modeling. And I think maybe Jan can talk about it a little bit in terms of the potential impact of shortfall in the high-end. But I think you're correct that it tends to be a more muted impact in the short run. It tends to be spread out more over time. And again, you should also keep in mind that our business is quite diversified. So we have a midmarket business, we have a low-end business and we have an upmarket business, we have international, we have global, we have dealer. So this shortfall in sales in the upmarket does not have a significant impact on our revenue growth, either in any of the ensuing quarters or, frankly, even in the long-term, as long as we recover as we expect in the second half.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, let me start by saying that we give guidance based on our plan. So we put together a budget or what we call our operating plan, obviously, well before the fiscal year started, that contemplated sales in that range. And then we had just what I would call a blowout finish in the fourth quarter that happened after we put those operating plans together. And clearly, we could have adjusted our guidance in our plans, but we felt that given the momentum we had in that fourth quarter, that we would go forward with the original plan that we had. I did mention in the fourth quarter conference call that based on our experience or my experience personally, even though we weren't trying to change our guidance, that, that fourth quarter strong finish presents some challenges for the first quarter just because of the way our incentive system works and just based on mathematics, just because of how large ADP's sales results are in terms of laws of large numbers. And so I think the 8% to 10% guidance was, I think, what we thought we could do. And that was our objective, and we weren't ready to come off of it. And then the first quarter, as you know, was 1% growth. And the math for us on making a comeback from 1% growth is not easy, again, just because of the laws of large numbers. But again, we thought because of what we had in our pipeline and the fact that we thought that our challenge is really more execution-related in the high end of our business, that we had a shot at still making somewhere in the middle of that range, which is what our intention would be when we gave 8% to 10%. And I think now we've moderated that to 8%, and it could be a little bit higher than 8%, frankly, or it could be a little lower than 8%. But I think prudence, I think, called for mathematically looking at the -- taking a hard look at the numbers and being transparent saying it's harder. It's harder to get to 10% now and it's harder to get to 9%, but we feel very comfortable getting to 8%.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Happy to do that, although I wouldn't call it a bad thing. And again, I recognize the numbers are the numbers. But our retention rates are still at historically high levels. Again, we have the benefit of having seen our January results, and for those of you who follow us closely, you know that January is a very important month for us in sale -- or new bookings, but it's also very important for us in terms of retention. Obviously, many clients who decide to take their business in-house or look for another alternative do so December 31, and so those losses will show up in our results at year end, as well as in January. So now we have the benefit of both our December and January period, and I would tell you that coming out of January, we feel very good about our retention, which, again, when I look at it over the last 4 years is, I believe -- I don't have the number in front of me, but it's 20 to 30 basis points up or down each year, still at record levels. And so although we, from an operating plan standpoint, try to put additional pressure on the organization to drive that up a little more, and I think we can because our client migrations in some respects might help us longer term in our retention rates, but the fact of the matter is that they are very, very good right now, and we're very happy with our retention rates. And I think having looked now at the January results, I would say that the quarterly comparison is the same story that we've been sharing for many years, which is we have fluctuations because we have a few large losses here and there, and then it affects the quarter, and then the next quarter, we have, I think, a recovery. So we see nothing in either the quarter or in the January results to lead us to believe that there's any issues with our service or with our retention rates.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: And I think to -- just to make sure that our level's set and people understand our business model from that perspective, ADP's business is, as you know, quite stable and predictable in terms of recurring revenues. And so there's no question we expect to become more productive and more efficient over time as a result of migrations, but also as a result of other initiatives that we have around productivity. That's been shared very widely internally with our associates and our leadership. Having said that, we hire approximately 4,000 to 5,000 new associates each year because of our size, just because of retirements and turnover. And by the way, we have a very low turnover rate. But that's a lot of people. So this process of us becoming more productive and more efficient will happen in an organized fashion. And you are unlikely to see a multi-hundred-million-dollar restructuring charge, which is not what this is. This is relatively small. But again, just because of who we are, we give you all the details. In the grand scheme of things it's a relatively small number, it just happens to affect the quarter and the results, and we thought you should know that the number was in there. But historically, some of our restructuring charges have been -- and I'm not saying that this one is, but as an example, if we do anything in Europe, even a restructuring that involves 5 to 10 people can add up to $10 million to $12 million. So it's not the case in this example. I just want to put perspective around -- when you do the math, around the size of this restructuring charge. This is not hundreds or thousands of people, and it's not a major shift. And I just want to level set that you are unlikely -- we will manage our way into productivity and efficiency without large-scale disruption to our associates.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: We haven't heard anything different about pricing or discounting. I think, obviously, we keep track -- very close track of those dynamics. And I'm not aware of any changes in the market in terms of pricing or discounting. In terms of the success in that business, I think, again, like the PEO, I think the first order of business is to give credit to the management team and to the organizations that have been working multiple years on making sure they have the right products, the right leadership, the right service because you do have to execute in this business and I'm sure in any other business, and they are executing quite well. I think that our success there, I think, is broad-based. Again, we do look on an annual basis and then in our strategic planning process at shifts in the marketplace in terms of in-house versus regional versus national competitors, and then we track obviously monthly and then quarterly where sales are coming from and where losses are going to. And I wish there was something exciting to report or something that jumps out, but it's just broad-based success, I think, across the board. And so it's not any particular category or size range, it's just across the board. And I think it's related to the very strong products and very strong execution, both in sales, implementation and in service.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, there really would be no impact on the PEO, at least not for the next, I believe, it's 3 or 4 years, because the exchanges are really not right now open to small companies. They're really, I think, really for large companies. And so, the -- I'm sorry, I think that's correct. I don't know if it's the public or the private exchanges. But my information is that this is really -- the exchanges are really not an issue for the PEO until I believe it's 2017. And then we have to -- as we get closer to that, we would, obviously, keep you informed in terms of whether we think there is going to be an issue or not. Because as of -- when we first started this process 3 years ago, I think it just doesn't help to -- the lesson learned is that we have to get a little closer, based on what you've seen around all the changes that the government has made to the original laws and regulations, I think it's just better for us to wait until we get closer to have that discussion. So I think no impact on the PEO. The only, I think, impact that I think we need to talk about and think about is our benefits administration business, which, again, in relative terms, it's an important business, as all of our businesses are important, but it's relatively small in the overall scheme of ADP's total revenues. But that business, we are hearing prospects and clients asking us about private exchanges. And so we are looking at alternatives, including partnerships and other options, building our own private exchange. There's a lot of ways you could go in terms of creating a solution. Some of which are easier to implement, for example, a partnership. And others, whether it's an acquisition or doing something organically, are probably a little bit harder to do. But we are hearing, I think, from some of our larger clients, specifically the ones that have a lot of hourly employees who are highly sensitive to employee benefit costs, we're hearing a lot of questions about private exchanges. Having said that, a lot of clients are not even bringing it up because they are very comfortable with the benefit plans that they have and the approach that they're taking with their current health-care carriers and their current health-care plans. I think we all read the papers, I think you tend to see restaurant chains and there are certain industries that are very sensitive to employee benefit costs that are very interested in private exchanges. And we, I think, are currently looking at how to fulfill that need for our benefits administration business.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: That's a great question, because I think it's a really good example of, I think, the improvements we've had over the last several years, starting 5, 6, 7 years ago when we started focusing on this kind of OneADP strategy. One of the important, I think, benefits that we thought we could get is more synergies from cross-selling, among other synergies in our business. And the last -- certainly, this last quarter showed, and I think the last several quarters, and even for 2 or 3 years, an improving trend in terms of the amount of business that the ADP is -- I'm sorry, that the PEO is getting from some of the sister divisions within ADP. Specifically, I want to point out that the -- our mid-market business and major accounts, which, as you know, goes all the way from 50 up to 999, so in the low end of that major accounts business, there's been a really nice improvement in the amount of leads being given over to the PEO that have been converted into PEO clients. Very, very happy to see that, and I think that goes back to a lot of hard work over multiple years of aligning incentives and people working together to make that happen. Other than that, I'm not sure that we have a lot to report because I think in our low-end of the business, we've always had a very good exchange of leads between our SBS business and the PEO. I think where there's been the noticeable improvement is in the mid market and in major accounts, and we're very pleased with it.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So I think it's a great question. I think what -- the way I would say it is that, we've always believed, whether it was in Y2K or ACA or other major compliance issues, that you get more at bats. There's just a lot more activity, because people are looking for help and they're looking for solutions. And we have a more-than-5,000-person direct sales force, and it is a huge advantage in terms of being able to take advantage of these disruptions, if you will, to the average small business, midsized business or large business. And so we spent the last 2 or 3 years gearing up our sales force to be able to talk about ACA, and the day has arrived where there are a lot of people who have a lot of questions. And we're there to answer those questions and at the same time, hopefully, sell them solutions to help them address those questions. So I think that's what's happening in some parts of our business, that we're just getting a lot more -- there's a lot more activity and a lot more at bats, and we're converting some of that, obviously, into new bookings and eventually into revenue. So I think it just provides a nice opportunity for us and for our direct sales force to go out and help our clients solve -- or address the uncertainties that they're facing.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think just to be specific on the -- because we mentioned in the first quarter that we benefited from lower sales costs and that helps us a little bit in the margin. It is not the case in the second quarter because even though we do have good sales productivity still, as you know, our sales results were 7% increase in the second quarter versus the first quarter growth rate of 1%. And some portion of our sales cost is variable, obviously, related to commission expense. And so on a sequential basis, the second quarter compared to the first quarter, we did not have the kind of, I guess, wind at our back. In fact, sequentially, our sales cost not only increased in absolute terms, but increased in relative terms as a percent of revenue. So I just want to make sure that, that was clear. We are -- continue to invest in sales, we continue to add headcount and, obviously, we're also expecting, I think, some level of productivity. So I think the numbers that we shared with you in terms of the mix of headcount versus productivity, I think, still stands for the year and for our forecast. And this benefit that we had in the first quarter, which was an unfortunate benefit because of the low growth rate, we did not experience in the second quarter.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think I would just add, again, since I came from that business, that the popularity of the PEO ebbs and flows for a variety of reasons, but ADP's PEO continues steadily along. I think it's 4x the size it was when ADP first started in the business through a couple of acquisitions and it's almost doubled just in the last 4 years. So it's really quite an impressive performance by that team. But it is fair to say that, that industry or that category does ebb and flow for a variety of reasons, depending on external factors around insurance markets. And -- but the business, it's in an industry we have to be cautious in terms of your expectations. We happen to be the beneficiaries of having a captive sales force that provides lead to our PEO sales organization, we have good leadership, we have good technology, so we, I think, are in a very good position.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think our international business still has quite respectable growth, frankly because we have really great retention rates there. And so even though, as Jan said, sales are difficult or have been difficult in the first half, and I'd hasten to add that last year, we had actually pretty good sales, even in a very bad environment, we had good sales. But when you add all those ingredients together, the very strong retention rate with really a minor decrease in pays per control because it just not -- doesn't drive that much in terms of revenue drag, and then just the size of the sales not, if you will, as a total sales in relation to how much we lose because of retention being so strong, I think, leaves us with a very decent organic growth rate in international. And then we, on top of that, benefited a little bit from the acquisition that we made in South America to expand our presence in Latin America. That's giving us a little bit of a lift in our international business. But our organic growth rate there is still quite strong.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think that it's a good question. And I think it's a risk of having you get out in front of us from a margin standpoint in the future. I think it's important -- more important for you to understand in the short run kind of what is happening. In the short run, I think Jan said it best that our margin improvement in Employer Services is not related to client migration. Our client migrations activities are putting pressure on our margins. We are investing very, very heavily both in our -- in all 3 of our segments, in the low end, on midmarket and our high-end, because it's a strategic imperative for us to get our clients on a new platforms. I was looking at some statistics over the quarter where the number of clients that are left on our nonstrategic platform on midmarket have declined fairly significantly and, simultaneously, our retention rate has improved quite a bit. So it just feels like the right thing to do to continue to spend at whatever level we need to spend in order to accelerate those client migrations. And by the way, that will not always be the case. We had one example in our time and attendance business where we shut down a platform, and so it was not an organized, orderly transition. And that had a negative impact on retention. So those -- it's really a mixed story. That's a long way of saying that you should not interpret our margin improvement as coming from already benefits of our client migration. The benefits of our client migrations are yet to occur.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: It's absolutely changed. And again, visually, I'll give you one, and I'll give you a factual. Visual is our sales force are out doing demos with iPads now. Two years ago, they weren't doing that. Our old EasyPay platform, I don't believe we had a demo, forget about doing it on an iPad, it's just not -- it wasn't even a possibility. So the factual numbers are that 4, 5 years ago, the majority of our clients were on what we call either call-in or fax, so they would basically send us their information. They would call us in and tell us, "This is how many hours for this person and this is how many hours for that." This is in small business is what I'm describing. That now with RUN, new sales in RUN has completely flipped over where more than 70% of our new sales are basically web-based sales, where they're using our -- where they're not calling in their payroll, they're not having any interaction other than service interactions if they have questions or if they have issues with their payroll. Obviously, that's what we are about, is a full-service outsourcing solutions. So we do take questions and phone calls or chats or emails. But the fact of the matter is there's been a tremendous change in the last 3 years in how we sell our business and how our clients receive the service that we provide or receive the technology, specifically in RUN, which I think was your question.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, it has. So I think our SBS sales force is one of the, I think, one of the highlights in terms of our sales productivity improvement over the last several years. And so I believe we have gotten, I think, some benefit from what you are describing.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: We continue to be out there looking at stuff, and we've recently looked at some things and, I mean, I think our normal practice, as you know, is we can't comment. So we can't really say specifically what we're looking at and what we are not looking at. But we are, contrary to popular belief, because I probably have developed a reputation, we are open, we have capital, and we are open to acquisitions if they fit our long-term strategy. And our long-term strategy has been laid out very clearly. And so we're not looking to just cobble things together and add additional platforms that are not going to be integrated into our strategic platform. But if we find things that either fit or can be fitted in relatively quickly that accelerate our sales growth and, hence, our revenue growth, we will use our capital to get that done.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: That's a good question because actually when Jan was answering the question about the 12% increase in our R&D expense, one of the things that I can mention about that is that analytics specifically is one of the categories where we are -- and I think Jan mentioned some exciting things that we're working on to enhance our current platform but also to provide kind of new solutions to our clients to help them more with their business needs. I think analytics is an area where we've been investing quite a lot of time and money, specifically our -- what we've been calling our innovation labs, the ADP Innovation Labs, which, by the way, we've now opened an office in Chelsea, New York, and we're really attracting some incredible talents. And so part of what those folks are doing is working on those types of solutions and specifically, some of the business intelligence and analytics solutions that we think are kind of the next step in helping businesses really manage their human capital assets better. So we are -- we've seen some previews. Jan and I, I think, have seen some examples of the things we're working on, and we're quite excited about what, hopefully, is to come here in the near future.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yes, and I think just to emphasize, I think Jan mentioned this, I think, especially earlier in the call in answer to a question, that we continue to invest in Vantage. So I just want to kind of reiterate that, that the days are over of us kind of building a platform and then spending the next 5 or 10 years, and it's not because that was the wrong thing to do, it's because times have changed. And so we -- you should hear that we are making -- continuing significant investments in our upmarket products, including Vantage, not just around analytics, but around usability, around the product itself, feature, functionality. And so we are making significant investments in Vantage and in the upmarket products as we speak.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think the place where we feel the most positive about the pipeline is the MNC business. But it also happens to be the most lumpy of our businesses. So I personally went on a sales call for a multinational client that was a $15 million annual deal, and so we feel pretty good that we're going to that deal, but whether we get it in February or we get in March, I think, is in the grand scheme of things, not the only important thing. And, hence, we have to be careful. So I think historically, our multinational business, I told you specifically, have been our most volatile and most lumpy business. But right now, it feels pretty good. This meeting in Paris, like we had the Who's Who of the Global 100. I mean, I'm not going to mention names, obviously, but these are all names that are household names, and these were prospects. Some clients, but many, many prospects, as well, and I think we even closed one right there at the meeting. So we're feeling pretty good about that pipeline. I think in our upmarket core national accounts business, by that I mean payroll, HR, kind of the core business, I think that pipeline also feels pretty good, and our January results, frankly, were good from a growth standpoint. And there's a couple of other categories in national accounts, frankly, that are not performing as well. And I mentioned some of the other categories that make up our upmarket. But in that core business, we're actually feeling pretty good, too, about what's happening with the pipeline and also the conversion of that pipeline into contracts.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think it's a very fair question, I'll just use history as my -- to help me. Last year, I think we entered into the fourth quarter -- and I'm not sure this necessarily helps me or hurts me, because as you've said, in some ways a strong fourth quarter creates a tougher comparison. But last year, we entered the fourth quarter with 9% growth and we ended up with 11%. And so we do have the ability to execute in our sales force, and that's what we're going to do. And so I think we obviously are very -- we are constantly scrubbing our forecast, looking at our pipeline and, again, there are a few large deals that can go one way or the other, but we have 5 months to get those done and get the contracts signed. So again, our best information is that we feel pretty good about the 8%, and being the optimist, I always hope it could be 9%. And could it be also a little bit short of 8%? Yes, but I'm focused more on the 9% than I am on the 8%. So I think we're pretty comfortable, when we see the January results and we see the size of the January results and how much quota has been extended through the end of January, I think that our level of confidence is good.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think that it's a correct read, but you're maybe reading too much into it. Changes that are made in a large account mature sales force do not necessarily translate into results in 1 or 2 quarters. I think what you're seeing is just regular -- the cycle working its way through, which is the pipeline was drained in the fourth quarter and it's being rebuilt. So I don't think it's fair to attribute it to any specific actions we took, although we did take actions, and we think those actions will, over the course of multiple years, make them stronger and better national account. I don't think that we can take credit for the short-term results.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: And I think it's important, again, even though we don't disclose business by business, back to the diversification of our business, none of the categories that we are talking about or mentioned are disproportionately large. They are all large, and they all make up the $1.4 billion, is it, that we are forecasting for our sales for the year. And so, again, fortunately, we have the benefit of being in many categories and being global. And I think Jan is right that we clearly would like to have better results in the upper end in the first half of the year. But as you saw, we delivered 7% either in the face of what I would call historically unprecedented headwinds from an execution standpoint.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, I think at the business segment level, again, we have this quirky issue with the way interest is calculated at the ADP level. It drags our revenue growth. You don't see the operating leverage as clearly, but when you look in the segments, I think Jan said it well, which is really operating leverage. So it's really growing our expenses slower than our revenues. And again, just because of the nature of our business model, this is not -- we don't have a business model where we go and cut $100 million in expense and then 2, 3 years later, we have to put back $300 million. The trick for us is to grow our expenses at half the rate of our revenue growth or slower. That means that our expenses are still growing, but they're growing at a slower rate. So that still allows us to invest in things. It allows us to more focus on migration, but it does create scarcity of resources because we have to decide where to put those resources. But we're not cutting cost. We're reducing the growth rate of cost and achieving operating scale and operating efficiency, which is a very organized and very methodical and very good way to run a business.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: But again, I think, I don't know if we mentioned the balances growth. So we had -- and, again, trying to focus on both the positive and the negative, so our balance growth was quite good. And I think some of it is a reflection of a decent economic backdrop. Some of that is also related to growth in units, starting new business, et cetera. But the overall balance growth is quite good and helps offset some of the negatives in terms of some of the interest rate drag. I think as Jan was alluding to, as we get to '15, '16 and beyond, when interest rates become -- if they become a positive, this balance growth combined with a better interest rate environment is something that we look forward to.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So based on your comment about the distant past, it sounds like you missed us and you want to have another Analyst Day.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think on your comment -- I'll let Jan make a comment also, but I think we are -- the restructuring discussion, again, just to reemphasize, is not related to any broad strategic issue. It was housekeeping, if you will, in terms of the size of it. Having said that, over the last couple of years, and I think we continue -- it'll continue into the next few years. We are trying to invest more in R&D, and you see it creeping up, and creeping is the typical ADP way of doing things. It's not a dramatic change, but rather than R&D becoming a lower and lower percent of revenue, it's actually now reversed and has become -- it's actually grown as a percent of revenue, only slightly, but it has grown as a percent of revenue. And even if it grows at the same rate of revenue, that would be, in my estimation, an investment, because in other places, we're gaining operating efficiency. So there's no question that we are investing more in our R&D, and that changes the face of ADP, if you will. The opening of this office in Chelsea, New York is a fairly significant change for us in terms of our way of doing things, in terms of the types of people we're trying to attract and the place that we're doing business. And there's a few other examples of that as well. So there is change under way, but I think you would be -- it would not be right to read into these -- some of these numbers or try to find it in the numbers because we have, on an annualized basis, $12 billion of revenue and approximately $10 billion in expense. And the way we look at things is we've got a lot in that $10 billion that we can move around to really focus on our strategic priorities and imperatives without creating any big problems for you guys, for us or for our shareholders. And that's what we're doing.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think Jan was right that -- or correct in pointing out that we have different channels that we use that actually allow us to compete in different places from a price standpoint. For example, the banking channel would be slightly different from our traditional channel, and we have a few places but there's really nothing to report over the last 2 or 3 years. There's been no major shift in any of those channels or any of those price points. We do keep our eye on it because for the last 15 years, we've been told that the technology is going to replace -- technology by itself is going to replace ADP, frankly, in every one of our segment. And all we see is the opposite, because with the Affordable Care Act or more complexity in compliance or the trend towards outsourcing, whatever the factors are, they drive people towards our solutions, which are to have technology paired with compliance and service. And now with analytics and other tools, we're elevating our purpose to really helping our clients make their businesses successful. And I think when you package all of that together, I think we're pretty confident that we have a highly differentiated business model that continues to win and continues to win at the prices that we've been able to charge historically. So we have nothing to report other than, I think, the fact that things are all on track or in the same place from a pricing standpoint in all of our segments.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: In the small business level, again, you know some of our national competitors -- you might not know that we have hundreds of regional and local competitors everywhere. And so, again, my hats off to the field sales organization, to the field service organization, the people who run these businesses on the low-end because it is hand-to-hand combat and it's a fight every day. So they are just out-executing the competition in a lot of ways and a lot of respect. Some of it is product, some of it is technology and some of it is just good people and good execution and good focus. And so again, I wish I had a more exciting story, but I think it's just great people executing very well.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: They are the key factors to driving revenue growth, and I would just tell you that, again, the retention rate is one quarter, and it's not our expectation for retention for the full year, and our retention results in January would give me a good degree of confidence that we can achieve our annual objective for retention. Caveat that by saying that things could change. We have an economic calamity, some sort of issue. But based on our year-to-date January results, we don't expect retention to be a drag on revenue growth in '15. The difference between 8% sales growth and 9% sales growth also is not a material impact on our revenue growth in '15. So I think it's hard to -- the math is the math. It has an impact. And you can the math yourself in terms of what 1% translates into of sales growth. And I believe it's somewhere around $13 million, $10 million or $13 million of revenue growth. But I would not call that a significant impact to ADP's revenue growth, and -- because we can all do the math ourselves. I don't know that, that has a material impact on our growth rate in '15.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Thank you very much for joining us today. As you probably could tell from our tone, we're once again very pleased with our results for the quarter and appreciate the contributions from all our associates and our leaders globally. We continue to be, I think, committed to our shareholder-friendly actions around returning cash to our shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. And I think you are seeing that in our actions, and we, obviously, as you can tell, also remain very focused on delivering against the HCM strategy that we have laid out. So I thank you again for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Jan Siegmund: David, we don't really disclose the actual quarterly numbers of units sold, but we saw a significant increase in Vantage sales quarter-over-quarter, and we're tracking in line with last year and feeling good about the progress we're making with Vantage. Also, as Carlos said, we are upmarket, and particularly in the national account space, we see in addition to the demand for Vantage, also a demand for Workforce Now in the lower end of national accounts. So overall, the momentum is really increasing in national accounts.
Jan Siegmund: Well, as you know, we have a product strategy that focuses really very much on strategic platforms in ADP, migrating clients from our legacy platform and focusing all our R&D and engineering efforts onto our core platform. And so it's a mix of highly innovative solutions for the next-generation that will really benefit most of our platforms, but in particular upmarket. Vantage was released just last year, so we'll continue to invest and make it better every quarter with new releases. So it is really our making real our promise on innovation.
Jan Siegmund: David, just a quick reminder, the size of employees that we serve in the PEO ranges really from 10 to 250 employees, so it really stands a little bit different than our historical segments. So it does cover small- as well as midsized clients in there.
Jan Siegmund: I think I have little to add. I think I just want to moderate that we have, of course, upped our revenue guidance for the year and you saw the strength in our revenues in the quarter. Some of it came due to this help of expiring tax credit programs, but then you saw we had strong balanced growth, we had strong pays per control growth, we had solid retention in the quarter. So all those factors together really helped to drive the organic revenue growth in ES. And the strength in the downmarket, where the conversion is a little bit faster to revenue than in the upmarket, obviously, helps. But as Carlos said, the misses on the upmarket are not impacting our revenue forecast in a meaningful way.
Jan Siegmund: Gary, I mentioned it only because it happened in the quarter to be a little bit higher than normal. We had very low restructuring charges in the first quarter, so the difference popped up a little bit higher. And it's really broad-based and just regular business operations. So it just aggregated in this quarter, drilled a little bit higher, so it made it the second highest item. Nothing to worry about. Really nothing to point out and isolate in there.
Jan Siegmund: Not quite yet. I understand the interpretation toward the operational efficiencies due to migration that Carlos and I share the excitement for you, but as you know, the migrations require a big deal of resources actually to be invested themselves in the migrations and then also require the training of our associates on the new platforms, and that takes a little bit of time for them to gain full productivity. So that's kind of the fundamental reason why the efficiencies will trickle down a little bit later.
Jan Siegmund: I appreciate that. I'll take this question, I appreciate it. As you know, our multinational offerings are a key part of our global growth strategy. And just for level setting, when this discussion a number of years started, we focused on GlobalView. But today, we're really selling a combined solution between GlobalView and a product that is called Streamline. And almost all GlobalView deals now include also components of Streamline. So we internally really focus on our multinational solutions and, of course, they are profitable and continue to gain margin and growing very nicely. As a matter of fact, they are accretive to our revenue growth and our earnings growth overall ADP. So it's a very nice business that we really like and to do so. But in order to satisfy the academic question background about is GlobalView profitability? Yes, we're pursuing the plan. We indicated I think last year that we would achieve profitability, which we did. And of course, we'll continue to in the second half, and we continue to improve upon that business. We had more sales, as Carlos has reported, on GlobalView, so the product is doing fine, and we're very satisfied with it. But again, it is important to think -- better to think about our multinational offerings, and that's now more than a $300 million business for us, and it's growing very nicely. About 1 million employees are processing on GlobalView right now.
Jan Siegmund: Just to answer your question regarding the discounting level, I did actually, prior to this call, review and anticipated your question and looked out across our business, and we have not seen any significant changes in trend relative to discounting level. As a reminder, approximately 1% of our revenue growth is driven by price increases.
Jan Siegmund: Paul, I've studied the pays per control metrics in detail for each of the European countries, and I wish I could report that I see an improvement. It is at the rounding error, a slight improvement, and you see a couple of countries slightly improving. Of course, Germany and France would be those. But overall, Europe is kind of flattish on the pays per control. I just -- as a point of clarification, that does not translate in declining revenue growth. Europe is still growing for us as a revenue contributor and, of course, nicely expanding also its margin. So while we see the economic environment impacting sales are difficult in some countries, but, overall, we continue to grow our revenues based on new business that we could do good retention rates and a little bit mitigated by these pays per control weakness.
Jan Siegmund: It's not specific actions I would describe. I think you see some of the organic revenue growth acceleration is helping us on the margins. We have good control on our operating expenses. So we have FTE for employee growth is slower than revenue growth. So we're kind of carefully executing on the program of driving productivity in the business unit in an organic way that Carlos just described. And so there could be a little bit of improvement on the margin due to the sales expense, but it's a mix, as sales get more productive as we have achieved higher sales productivity and a little bit of slightly lower sales growth. But that's probably not even fully factored into our forecast. So it's kind of really mostly these operational efficiencies that we mentioned to you.
Jan Siegmund: If you look at the market and you have now a number of competitors public or going public, you see that ADP has the strongest organic growth number. And for a number of years, really, our business model, at least since its inception 13 years ago, 15 years ago, we have really grown exclusively through organic growth. So the ADP sales model and our success in distribution and executing well is the main source of our success. And I think, organic growth rates in our competitors are more muted, and that's certainly a standout for ADP's model.
Jan Siegmund: Actually, in an interesting way, the organic growth rates between U.S. and international are about the same, and the weakness or softer revenue growth in Europe is offset by strength in Latin America and strength in our multinational business.
Jan Siegmund: If I may add on the distribution side, in a down market, we sell through our sales force. But we have also channel relationships in the bank and the accounting channel, and the good deal of our businesses are now also generated through certain marketing and web-based leads. The actual sale, I think, is still going mostly through either our inside sales force or field salespeople, but the lead generation through these channels all have changed and have contributed to the growth.
Jan Siegmund: Actually, we released in the second quarter and we talked in our last call, I think, about our HR analytics tool that's now in pilot with a number of clients. We have shown it at several industry fairs, received tremendous amount of feedback. And the fundamental differentiator is, of course, not only the functionality and the thought process that we engineered into the product, but it can rely and base its insight on an unparalleled amount of data, with 600,000 clients at our fingertips and information that is really deep and with a broad history of it, will allow clients really just better understand how to run the HR business and put ADP in a position to be truly a strategic partner for our clients. So it is really an opportunity that we are looking forward to fully leverage. And if you follow out national success of our national employment success -- National Employment Report, we anticipate similar type of credibility and power in our HR analytics product.
Jan Siegmund: We migrated also clients in Vantage. But as -- you're right, as we scale and build our implementation organization and optimize the implementation processes of Vantage, we are focused on leveraging that capacity for market shares, competitive market, we like our product, and that's the focus, I think, what you see us more is open Vantage up to a variety of bundles, from standalone payroll Vantage to a full suite of Vantage as we build it out. But medium run, you should expect us to convert clients onto the Vantage platform. So it is just a matter of timing, and Vantage will be following a similar path over time as Workforce Now did.
Jan Siegmund: If you look at our losses, the second quarter losses on an absolute dollar value also are not that meaningful to us, so it's a lower-loss quarter. And we did see it's not focused on one business unit. We had, really, a number of business units coming a little bit down also. It may play, if you look a quarter, a year over back, we had a very strong retention quarter. So I wouldn't over read, again, the 30 bps or so into anything here.
Jan Siegmund: Can I add one more comment to it while we're focusing a lot on the upmarket? It should not be underestimated that we have reported strength in our mid- and small-market segments and PEO separately. And as you might imagine, that's going to also add comfort to our full-year forecast. And that consistency has been strong for both quarters throughout this fiscal year. So I think it would be also important to look at the entirety of our new business bookings volume and not focus on just a segment in the marketplace.
Jan Siegmund: We've just reconfirmed our guidance about the impact of our -- the net impact of the client funds strategy and the guidance stays impact -- in tact. So the forward rates move a little bit up and down, and I think we are speaking with Carlos' first quarter comment that in FY '15, we should see an even or slightly up on interest rate. We're going to give more visibility to all of that for you traditionally at third quarter. We're planning to do so also this year.
Joseph D. Foresi: We talked a couple -- well, at an Analyst Day that you had obviously in the distant future -- or, I'm sorry, in the distant past, and you mentioned that as you continue to move to more of a technology platform, that the structure of the company may start to look a little bit different. I was wondering, is there any association here between some of the restructuring and what the new look ADP would look like now that it's more technology-focused? And maybe you can just give us an update on where we stand with that.
Joseph D. Foresi: Got it. Okay. And then with the move to technology, I guess maybe my focus here, where I wanted to ask my question, was on the smaller business side. With the focus on technology there, are you seeing any change in any of the price points for any of your products? If you could talk about the small business or the medium to large. I'm just wondering if there's any kind of structural change in pricing.
Joseph D. Foresi: Okay. And then just lastly for me, how do you feel -- have you seen any change in the competitive environment at the small business level? And maybe you could just talk about how you feel like you'd progressed on the technology front.
