Jan Siegmund: Jason, thank you. As you know, we will give guidance later in the year for 2019. But in addition to having completed our migrations, making progress on our Service Alignment Initiatives, and an easier compare relative to investments that we made last fourth quarter, in particular into our sales force, we have a number of sources that will drive the margin expansion in the fourth quarter that we anticipate. The early retirement initiative is really going to be kicking in in 2019 as we then work on the transition of those workers who have chosen – employees that have chosen the early retirement in 2019. I hope that's helpful.
Jan Siegmund: Maybe I'll add two components to your answer, Carlos. Number one, the positive trend in retention is supported by continued improvement of our client satisfaction scores, also a broad-based improvement, which means our investments that we undertook last year into our service components are really taking root, and as a consequence, our service operations are also very good at this point in time. So, I think those investments have translated then broad-based into and supported some of the retention improvement that we saw on the quarter.
Jan Siegmund: And sorry, last comment on that, on the other – on the client satisfaction side is that, one of the things that we were careful about in terms of our Strategic Alignment Initiative is making sure that it didn't disrupt our – we had, I think our number one objective was to improve client satisfaction and NPS scores, and things like Strategic Alignment Initiative and early retirement have the potential to disrupt that. But the good news is, obviously, early retirement, we still have to execute on, but the Strategic Alignment Initiative, I'm happy to report our leaders have executed flawlessly there and actually have gotten great client satisfaction in those new strategic locations, which is not easy to do because we have a lot of new associates in those locations.
Jan Siegmund: Yeah. I've only two additional details to add. The investments that we made into service augmented, in particular in the mid- and up-market, our capabilities to service our larger clients better, in particular with dedicated service reps. But then we have a whole slew of productivity initiatives that Carlos mentioned that will drive efficiency and effectiveness of our service cost. And the most obvious one is, obviously, our new strategic service locations are labor cost advantaged and we have now a simpler operating environment, a single platform. We finished our migrations in the mid-market that will allow to implement faster productivity improvements and optimization of our operations. So, with that combination, higher service levels and through strategic changes to our service model, paired with efficiency and effectiveness initiatives, and so I think we will be able to achieve both.
Jan Siegmund: So, the targeted impact of price increases net of any immediate concessions or discounts that we would receive is about 0.5% of our revenue growth and we've that stable for a number of quarters now.
Jan Siegmund: We are hoping for a continued improvement of retention as there has been clearly impact for clients that had to be migrated, and made choices and decisions to either follow us on that path or not. And so, there should be continued improvement. I don't know if the trend will change in a huge way because we had now, I would say, probably six or seven quarters of improving retention in the mid-market. And so, it should be in the long-term continued improvement because the newer strategic platforms had higher retention rates, and so our plans call for it. But the migration-related impact for – now behind us, long-term, yes. In the short-term, there's no immediate major cost savings for shutting down here and there system, but everything is kind of more a smooth path of continued progress.
Jan Siegmund: I can add maybe a number to it David that might help you a little bit. Last year, we grew our head count in our sales force 9% and we are currently at about 3%. So, a large chunk of the growth that Carlos refers to is driven by productivity or new product, productivity being the largest one. We have talked in our last year's investor presentations about our sales channel, sales strategies that we are expanding which are strong focus on expanding our channel strategy. And so, we continue to see, for example, great success with our accountant channel strategy in the mid-market. We are building out an continued success in our inside sales strategy that sells supplemental products to our clients, and that's where we have very predictable and very pleasing results relative to productivity improvement. Those were new associates that came on last year and now they're gaining productivity, and it's a law of large numbers that really executed well. In addition, a component that we haven't talked on a regular basis and doing our investor presentations is our target to drive accelerated new logo growth versus AB (00:41:41). So, historically, we have kind of a balanced mix between 50%/50% relative to new business bookings comprised of being new business bookings driven by new clients, about half of them, and 50% by selling additional product to existing clients. And we have seen now, in addition to this growth that we experienced also a shift to more new logo sales. And it's now more than 60% of our new business bookings have come from new logos, which is a really great complement to the sales force, because we believe being competitive and winning new clients to ADP is a great testament to the competitive of our product set and the capability of the sales force.
Jan Siegmund: Yeah. The outlook that I gave of 26% to – what did I say, 25% to 26% beyond 2018, that excludes the onetime items that we typically hunt in our tax reduction efforts, and those opportunities have gotten a little bit fewer as the overall rates have come down and we have less differential between international and the U.S. So, I think the 25% to 26% is a good number. We'll clearly work as good as we can, but that's really an honest forecast of what we're anticipating.
Jan Siegmund: Maybe it's fair to say that the competitive environment in this quarter has not meaningfully changed to other quarters. It remains highly competitive.
Jan Siegmund: Yeah. I can give Carlos a little break here. Part of the good news about the new business bookings is that we saw really meaningful improvement across all channels across the board. So, it was not focused only on the down-market. The down-market had a good performance and continue to do it, but it was really mid-market, up-market, international, they all contributed to growth in the new business bookings quarter if you look by each of the channels basically that we have. So, the broad-based, and in the mid-market, there's really on the sales process not a change, and the migrations haven't really affected in a sense the product offering in the mid-market. We have been selling Workforce Now current version, our cloud-based leading product, and that has been very competitive and continues to do well in the mid-market. So, it's hard to point really in the quarter a particular stand out, because the performance was really solid across all segments, Jim.
Jan Siegmund: Yeah. We had the Workforce Now product being offered I think for the last two years now in the up-market, and the new logo growth that Workforce Now for clients above 1,000 is incremental to new logo growth that Vantage continues to achieve. So, the combination of both of them has helped our broad-based acceleration of new logo growth.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So, I think on the sales – on the new business bookings growth, given the absolute size of our new business bookings, the change in guidance for us – you're right, it's relatively modest in percentage terms, but I think the sales force would say that's pretty meaningful, because it's a lot of additional dollars in new business bookings. On the retention side, we did have an easier compare versus last year. If you remember, we – I think every call, I think I just caution everyone that because of the way we calculate revenue retention on a quarterly basis, if you have one or two large losses, it can really impact the numbers, even given ADP's size, it can have an impact...
Carlos A. Rodriguez: ...on the retention. And I think last year in the third quarter was one of those quarters. And then, again, here now I have to say the opposite, which is when you have a great quarter and you don't have a lot of large losses, which we didn't have this quarter, it helps. And so, I think that was part of it. But I would say that the improvement was broad-based, so you can obviously by my comments see that a lot of that improvement was in the up-market and some of that is an easier compare. But we also have had really good results in our mid-market, which as you know, it's been a multiyear effort to kind of climb back in terms of the retention pressure that we felt a few years back as a result of ACA activity, and also as a result of the migrations that we've undergone there. So, I'm very proud of the mid-market retention results as well, but I think other places also – so, I guess as usual at ADP, since we are so diversified in terms of segment and geography, for us to have a large improvement in retention of that magnitude it has to be somewhat broad-based and I think it was.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yeah. I actually received a note last night from one of our business unit leaders with an update on our client satisfaction scores. We measure NPS and the trend there is incredibly positive. They even used the term service renaissance because we did have some struggles and stumbles a couple years ago, and I think our client satisfaction stores now have been on a multi-quarter kind of upward trajectory, admittedly from some difficult compares, but doing really quite well.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, to be – I mean, Jan could probably add a couple of comments, but to be clear, like we – in some of our businesses where we've had large increases in client satisfaction and large increases in NPS and large increases in retention, our service spend has actually declined. So, we're – obviously, part of our business transformation efforts are to get better at – as you know, one of our key objectives in our initiatives is to reduce the number of, what we call, non-value-added contacts which drive costs, but don't drive value for our clients. So, there are places where we've invested more in service, and as you can see, we've also invested in sales. But there are places where we have done both improved productivity, improved efficiency, and actually, better results from a retention and a client satisfaction standpoint. And that's obviously our hope for the next X-number of years for us to be able to drive operating leverage and improve margin, that's kind of an important thing for us to be able to accomplish.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: And as much as it might not be directly related to our new business bookings growth, I would say that I think these efforts around simplification, improved client satisfaction and some of the other things that Jan mentioned, I think really should help our sales force as well. I mean, when we went through some challenges a couple of years ago, there was just a lot of distraction, not to mention a very difficult grow over. Obviously, the number one issue was just the grow over around ACA, but some of the service challenges we had were also a distraction to our sales force. So, I think getting that behind us, I think, should help as well. Because, again, despite the fact that it was a modest improvement in new business bookings growth guidance, it was an increase, and this quarter, we're pretty proud of 9% bookings growth after really suffering for several quarters here with very, very difficult grow overs and compares.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: You came to the right place for the answer to that question. Jan wants it all the flow to the bottom line and I want to reinvest some of it. So, the truth will be somewhere in between, and you'll know more when we give our guidance for 2019 and also when we, in Investor Day, give you kind of a longer-term I guess objective view of what we think margins will do over the ensuing couple of years. So, I think unfortunately we're just a little premature in being able to get out in front of talking about kind of multiyear margin improvement, but I just want to add that foundationally, all the things you said are dead-on in terms of there is the possibility and the capability for us to drive improved margin. This is what we've been trying to talk about. For the last two or three years, we've been laying the groundwork with all of these initiatives, Strategic Alignment Initiative, completing the migrations, voluntary early retirement, these are all intended to help us be a stronger, more profitable company. But stronger is the first word and that means that sometimes you have to invest some. I will add that there is no question that the underlying margin trend is positive for us, so we feel very good about that. But again, I think it's just a little premature to get too far out in front of ourselves here in terms of what exactly the numbers are going to be.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yeah. I think, our – obviously, we have a much broader dataset than I think maybe the sampling that some folks might do out in the marketplace. But the fact of the matter is I think we have seen really no change in the kind of the environment from a pricing standpoint. I think our intent is to remain consistent which is to remain competitive. As you can see, the underlying inflationary trends with labor costs accelerating a little bit are on an upward trajectory. But these things, they play themselves out over multiple quarters and multiple years. It's not like overnight, all of a sudden the pricing environment changes. But I would say that there's probably – the future appears to have more pricing power than the past in terms of the last decade. But right now, I think no news to report and we would obviously give you kind of a sense if that's beginning to change.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So, the good news is that both of those are actually in production and have pilot clients on them. As we've said I think on a number of occasions, these are back-office systems that are relatively transparent to our clients. In fact, today, our clients don't really have direct contact with our gross-to-net calculation engine and we don't expect them to have that in the future. Now, there will be – the reason we're doing it is, besides the obvious reasons of modern technology being easier to develop on, faster to develop and cheaper to maintain, there will be some enhancements from a client-facing perspective and from an associate service client perspective. But largely, you should think of these as back-office infrastructure that is really not – when someone is trying to hire someone or manage their human capital at their company, typically this is not something that they would be exposed to or that would be transparent to them. Certainly, the employees of our clients won't see any change at all. Our Mobile Solutions are frontend solutions that will be connected back to our new gross-to-net engines. So, I would say, it's mostly positive and we don't expect – I guess, the key is that there's really no, I guess, migration, if you will. We're not going to be sitting here talking about – there will be efforts and costs around the connections to our frontend HCM systems, but there really is no "client migration" that you should be anticipating. And I think I would also add that despite what you might hear from competitors, almost everyone operates with a gross-to-net calc engine that is even if it's in a single-stack technology, it is almost always separate from the frontend HCM platforms as well. So, it's really not – what we're doing is no different than what anybody else would have out there, it's just more on modern stack technology. I think I don't know if you mentioned Lifion, but our kind of low-code platform that we're developing that we've talked about now publicly, that is not a back-office system, that is definitely a front-office facing system, and we do have a number of pilot clients on that as well. And we'll talk more about all of these platforms in the future and their impact on the organization in a positive way at our Investor Day in June.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yeah. I think cost – we said this before, when we shut down our down-market platform, this was several years ago, we migrated all of our clients on to RUN. The cost savings from a technical standpoint were in the, call it, sub-$10 million range from a pure platform support standpoint, et cetera. But as you can see from the performance of that business, we haven't talked about the down-market yet, but the down-market just continues to be incredibly successful and a great story for us. And the reality is that the direct cost focus is really not where the money is. The money is in improved client satisfaction, improved retention, accelerated new business bookings, and then just frictional cost in the organization around implementation and service. And so, having said all that, we expect a similar story in the mid-market, but obviously, we just finished like the last client I think last week. And so, it'll probably take – in the down-market as an example, we kind of laid the foundation like we've just laid in the mid-market and it took several quarters if not a year or two before we got real traction, and it was a really great story. And we really hope that we have a repeat of that story, but as Jan said, we have to be cautious because we have to go execute. But this quarter, like all other – like the last several quarters, the retention of our strategic platform in mid-market was higher than the legacy platform that was being retired. But I think what Jan is alluding to is you had two competing forces. One is we had fewer and fewer migrations which was helping the retention rate, but they just also were executing better. They've had many, many quarters in the last – I think in six or seven quarters where retention was moving in the right direction, despite six quarters ago or five quarters ago still very, very heavy migrations in the mid-market. So, hard to tell here exactly what's going to happen, but we're very optimistic.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think in the short-term, it's fair to say that it's probably a sales issue, a new business bookings issue. So, I don't think there's really any kind of secular trend. As I think Jan mentioned, we had very, very strong growth and demand still in the down-market under 50, and then this quarter we struggled a little bit in terms of particularly in new business bookings in the mid-market of PEO, if you will. And we're kind of watching that closely. We're kind of looking back at our incentives because, as you know, a lot of the business that we have in our PEO is driven from referrals of our other business units. And so, we have ways of tweaking and adjusting incentives and so forth. But we're frankly pretty – we're never thrilled with a deceleration, we always prefer acceleration. But our PEO is very large, it's the second employer in the United States now, and I think this growth I think is still – in terms of absolute worksite employee growth in dollars still more than any of our competitors. And so, we feel pretty proud of that. And I think the percentage is obviously one way to look at it, but when you look at absolute size in dollars, we feel like we have a really good strong business here and it's performing very well.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think as you're alluding to I think they all have an impact, so it's hard scientifically to kind point to any one single item. But for sure the investments and sales that we made, call it last year, as time goes on those could become more and more productive. Every quarter our sales force is – when we add new people in a step change fashion, become more and more productive. So, I think that's helpful. I think our products are stronger and I think that is helping as well. The comparisons always help, because we're very large and we have a very large new business bookings number. And so, I think the compares have an impact as well. So, I don't know if Jan has any other color, but I think it's probably a number of things, but we're very happy that our productivity as we expected from some of the sales force investments is driving frankly a good portion of our new business bookings growth which is very nice to see.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Again, we can obviously talk for a long time about that, but I'll just give you two broad themes. One is, I think you ended your question on is it partly competitive and the beginning of your question was really around does it address kind of cost of development and maintenance and so forth, I think those are the two broad categories. In each of these cases with the exception of maybe the tax at the backend, the tax engine, but certainly our new gross-to-net processing engine and our low code platform are all intended to leapfrog the competition in terms of capabilities and flexibility for clients, in terms of how people get managed and how people get paid. And then besides that obviously our business case had very strong expectations around efficiency, I think productivity, and just removing frictional costs that exist as a result of some legacy technology. And obviously, I think you said it also the speed of development, the speed of deployment, and ability to implement changes in a version-less environment is also incredibly powerful.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think that you're onto something that most of us and most people are not onto, which is there's a belief among some of us who have been around for a while that they are very, very closely linked. The momentum, when you have strong momentum in the business, improving satisfaction, improving NPS, improving retention, it has to – the thing is we just don't have any empirical way of drawing the connection, but experience and intuition I think would tell you that there's no question, because we've seen it go the other way as well. So, I think that the company is just experiencing strong momentum on a number of fronts around execution, client service, client satisfaction, et cetera, and that's probably creating a little bit of a halo effect. But from a practical standpoint, if you rank order the sales execution issues, I think the item that Jan brought up is probably the most important one. We talked about, I'd say, probably six quarters ago or four quarters ago when we ran into the very difficult compares of ACA and a new administration that was at least less openly focused on regulation. We talked about having to really refocus our sales force on new logos and on really selling what is now obviously an incredible opportunity to help people manage a very difficult labor environment with tightened labor markets. You saw our National Employment Report today, and it's obviously consistent with the government reports that it's getting hard, so definitely a war for talent on again. So, we were optimistic and hopeful that there was really good opportunity for our sales force to retool and drive new business bookings in a different way, and that's exactly what they've done. Some of it has been through training, some of it has been through product, and some of it has been through incentives.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, we have a lot of competitors in every segment. When we look at the kind of net win/loss ratios, if you will, how many clients we take away from competitors versus how many they take from us, we've seen some improvement in some areas, and then there's a couple that are still difficult. I think that's – those are figures that are also that are somewhat not volatile quarter to quarter, but it changes depending on how strong we are in a particular segment versus one of our competitors. But I'd say, we're overall pretty happy about our competitive position, and it seems obvious that it feels like it's improving, but I think that's about as much color as I can give or should give without crossing the line, because we try to be diplomatic about our comments around our competitors.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: The performance in our down-market is probably the best execution in performance I've seen in my career at ADP, and it's back to an earlier question about connecting it to client retention and other things, there are just so many things that are creating the positive momentum that it's hard to really focus on one specific one. So, as an example, we consider our down-market business to be not just our payroll and HR services for smaller companies, but we also have a Retirement Services business and we have an Insurance Services business that are just really across the board just executing incredibly well, strong double-digit new business bookings growth, strong retention. Our retention in our down-market, for example, is up several hundred basis points over where it was several years ago on a consistent quarter to quarter basis. And of course that helps with the growth, because you don't have to sell as much in order to drive the top line revenue growth, because you're losing less clients. And so, the continuing strength of the new business bookings with the improving fundamentals of that business are just driving really great results, and I think it's just across the board just outstanding execution by all the leaders in those businesses.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I will say that in the mid-market as an example, this happened a little bit in the down-market also when we were doing the migrations of our legacy technology, our sales force does sometimes get distracted when an existing client still has a relationship with a sales rep and they call the sales rep, because they're being told they have to migrate to a new platform, and there's that distraction. Now, sometimes that historically provided opportunities also for our sales force to sell additional products as a client was migrating to the new platform. So, there's puts and takes, but it's going to be a lot less distraction, that's for sure.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think the tactic was smart, dedicated people who were very creative. And so, as we kind of came out of some of the big challenges we had when we had to accelerate in a very large and meaningful way our migrations due to ACA, because our ACA products were only available on our new platform, I think what that taught us was when you think about the lifetime value of these clients using what they called a white-glove service approach to the migrations really made the difference in terms of not having the losses be as big as they could've been. We clearly experienced heavier losses in the legacy platform because I just mentioned that our retention rates are higher in our current version platform than in our legacy platform, but they could've been a lot worse. And so, I think it was just great execution, great commitment, and good creativity around frankly just swarming those transitioning clients with a white-glove service in order to try to minimize the negative impact of the migrations and it really did work. So, hats off to the leaders there.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Again, just because I hate to be a broken record, but when we look at both our losses and also our new logos, we are so broad-based and we have so many competitors that – I think I've said this before that there's really a couple competitors, for example, who in the up-market come close to maybe 10% of our losses, but nobody is really kind of that meaningful, and I think it's even more true in the mid-market that there isn't one specific competitor that accounts for a great deal of our losses. And then, it's the same thing with new business bookings. But I think it's safe to say that some of that stuff is related to market share. And so, our biggest competitors generally speaking would be ones where we would lose the most clients to, but also we have a lot of success in pulling clients. That obviously varies by segment, but I think directionally that's true, and the difference maker in each case is really the execution of the sales force.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: And we definitely – I think it has been something that we had available and it's helped us compete in kind of the low end of the up-market for a few years. But I think it's safe to say in the last year or so, we kind of doubled-down a little bit, and put more focus and more emphasis, and I think it's having the desired impact. Like our – and there are a few competitors in particular where Workforce Now lines up very, very strongly in the lower end of the up-market and I think that strategy is working.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So, just a couple of final comments, I terms of looking at the – obviously, we've had a lot of achievements this year and we're pretty happy about the momentum we have, and I think it demonstrates the strong culture that we have at ADP and it's one that we're not afraid to change, but we want to do so in a thoughtful, orderly and balanced way. With these migrations done in the mid-market and the progress we're making with our Service Alignment initiatives and the early retirement program, among some of the other initiatives that you'll hear more about at the June Investor Day, I just want to again reemphasize how proud I am of our associates and all of these efforts of the things they're doing to really protect and enhance the value of ADP. I also want to make sure I mention that besides the dividend increase, which I think is great news for shareholders from a governance standpoint, we did add two new board members who bring a lot of experience, both operationally and transformationally to our board. And I look forward and I know the rest of the board looks forward to working with them as we build a brighter future for ADP. And with that, I'll thank you for joining us and we look forward to seeing you at our Investor Day in June.
