Gary Butler: As we said, international in ES, for example is about 1.3 or so, a 1.4 of revenue and that would include Canada as well. And we’re seeing pays decline in all of those countries. The growth in pays in the US is just small. So, it’s marginally down instead of being marginally up, so it’s not overly significant, but we just didn’t want to give the impression that because our guidance on US pays was up that, that’s going to be a lift next year. In fact, it’s just a slight decline.  
Gary Butler: Yeah, I think the fourth quarter was the biggest place and what you saw in commissions was probably in the magnitude of about $20 million. You also had merits and benefits and bonus was in around that same neighborhood. The headcount both in service and in sales was another double-digit kind of number, so incrementally fairly significant. And then on top of that we did make some investments in our products, we stepped up investments in our product spending in the quarter, for products like Run and Workforce Now, we’ve been spending a little bit more on our Taxware solutions pretty much across the board, and that was also significant.  
Gary Butler: We’ve got a long history of not commenting on deals like that, but if you think back to our comments around types of acquisitions that we’re targeting, that isn’t in our strategy to do something along those lines.  
Gary Butler: It’s still the best proxy we have, Jim, it’s not 100% accuracy – accurate because in the national account area, we still have a lot of clients from the Pro Business acquisition, we also have clients that run on our enterprise platform, some of our large more customized payroll clients. But in the grand scheme of things, it’s still the vast majority of the pays in majors and nationals. At the low end of the market, we’ve got Easy Pay and our new Run product, which is getting a lot of traction. And the numbers even though they are not strategically valid in Easy Pay and Run versus the Auto Pay, are in the same order of magnitude. So, if we were seeing trends either in the other segments or in Easy Pay, Run that we thought would dramatically distort those numbers. We think about talking to you in different ways. But I still think it’s a good product.James Kissane – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:   Okay, great job. Thanks.
Gary Butler: Well, if you recall, if my memory serves me correct, we were down high 20s or something in the fourth quarter of last year and that compared on average of about minus 15% for the full year. So, if you thought the average decline over the quarters was, call it, down 15% give or take. Even though we’re still up, plus 25% which would have been flat, let’s say, to the year before ’09. So, it’s still like a 10% improvement over the year average, which I think is really the way to think about it.
Gary Butler: As we put out I think either in my comments of the release, we were up double digits in all the major segments.
Gary Butler: Well, it is cautious (inaudible) where we had the easiest year-over-year compare. So, that’s – but it’s was still up double digits.
Gary Butler: I mean, I was nothing short of the static on 160 basis points. The static is not the kind of term we use – normally like we use on these kinds of conference calls. But I was really pleased with that and in fact in the low-end of the market the retention increase for the full year was actually even, I think it was up a couple of points, year-to-year in the SBS/PEO range. So we're really pretty pleased with retention across the board, and in fact of anything, if it bounced back faster than I anticipated, and yeah, and we are expecting 90% plus kind of retention rates for next year, which gives us back, kind of, close to the record levels where we were before this whole downward slide starting.
Gary Butler: No, we get the benefit because we had a big swing in the fourth quarter also from a standpoint, you got to remember that in fiscal ’09 our bonus payouts across the enterprise were considerably below our initial persevere targets. So, I think they average, call it, 80%. This year, they are going to average closer to 120% because we’re back on plan and people are doing. And then in the following year, we obviously plan a target again based upon our internal metric. So, you do get some swing in that regard and we did have some investments in the fourth quarter with some IT spending that we thought could really payback year where we inputted that in the fourth quarter. But, other than that, nothing big that you should be concerned about.
Gary Butler: Well, we did have positive unit growth for the year in the small business segment, which I think speaks of the fact that we are gaining share. Our small business segment is basically close to flat for the full year in terms of new business sales and that’s with 10 to 15% fewer headcount then they had in the previous period. So clearly, Run is hitting home. The sales guys love it. We're rolling out our mobile strategy for Run in the next month or so. And I think it’s going to continue to have extremely positive momentum in the marketplace.
Gary Butler: What I think is, it’s always a tradeoff as you make organic – increased organic revenue growth clearly makes it easier to drive margins. No question about it. It also – then you’re also given the choice whether you want to try that expedite spending in R&D to bring more product to market faster or you want to take that margins to the bottom line. And historically, we’ve tried to do some of both. And so I think it’s – to directly answer your question, it showed improved margin and it’s a question of how much we want to invest versus bring to the bottom.
Gary Butler: And again in Dealer, Dealer U.S. is actually doing remarkably well, in terms of new sales and very strong market share gains in terms of new booking versus losses in U.S. And the real issue with U.S. in the first half of the year, particularly is the second half of the bow wave of all the GM and Chrysler closing. But as new car sales get back to the 11 million plus level that they kind of had today. We would expect that bow wave to abate for the second half of the year and for Dealer U.S. to be in a more positive position as we exit FY11.
Gary Butler: Well, let me – clearly the waterfall chart would help get you there, but you have to remember that two years ago we sold 1.150 billion before the economy started going down. So, take a 1.150 and put a 8 to 10% growth on that and do the same waterfall chart in your own math and you can – and keep 90% retention and get 1 to 3% positive balance in employment growth and go do the waterfall chart and you can get there in a pretty big hurry. So we’re pretty confident we can get that to those levels, the employer services marketplace is like globally an $18, $19 billion marketplace split pretty evenly between the U.S. and international. And we are really also starting to get very serious about pursuing the benefits market as well as the global view in international expansion and they are starting to kick in. So, when you look at the products that we’ve added and benefit and performance management and learning and those kinds of things coupled with our core HR and time and label management, we’re really not too concerned about the potential. We’ve just got to go get the people and the resource in place and go execute once the economy gets back in decent order.
Gary Butler: No we didn’t. But I think you can take this year’s results and the ratio that we’ve given you for beyond payroll and core payroll and tax and kind of do that same kind of math for the next year too and get pretty to the same result. Jason Kupferberg – UBS Okay, makes sense. Thanks, guys.
Gary Butler: I think, ADP has a history of trying to make its earnings forecast and our philosophy in terms of the guidance and our operating plans has not varied this year versus previous year.
Gary Butler: Well, I mean we clearly indicated we were going to add 300 plus heads in sales. And again, began that process in the third quarter of fiscal ’10. We have – we do have most of those folks in play and I think clearly you saw the 25% increase in the fourth quarter and clearly you saw the high single-digit forecast for the next year, which is driven both by increased productivity in the ones we had as well as the added benefits for the ones we’ve hired.
Gary Butler: The 0.6% is clearly all just at the client base, our book prices really haven’t changed across the board. So, I’m not sure that answers your question. But in addition I think the pricing environment has been most difficult under a 100 employees and clearly when you’re selling payroll and only payroll, when we’re selling multiple products like workforce now or we’re adding kind of in labor management or some of our other benefits product, pricing pressure is not as severe because you’ve eliminated for the most part the regional competitors in the equation. National accounts, you're dealing with a procurement department most of time anyway, so they’ve been a little tougher the last couple of years than they were before, but they weren’t easy before that. So, we’ve seen some pressure, but most of those are contractual relationship, most of them are two to three applications at one time. So, again it’s not anything that’s overly different than historic.
Gary Butler: Yeah, we clearly gave retention the nod this year as opposed to driving higher price increase because the lifetime profitability of keeping those accounts and selling additional services it just makes all the sense in the world.  
Gary Butler: Well, I think the demand opportunity right now are, we’re getting a lot of inquiries on what does all of this mean to me. And the regulations are still being developed. I think it’s clearly going to drive a lot more reporting, both to your employees as well as to the government. It’s going to inquire a lot more compliance risk and typically anything around reporting and compliance and dealing with the government helps our new business. So, over a multi-year period as we move toward 2014 when the last pieces of it are implemented, I think it’s clearly going to be a net plus to us even though I’m not thrilled personally on the higher taxes.  
Gary Butler: We don’t disclose the actual subset of the different businesses just like we don’t subset TLM. I mean, it’s multiple hundreds of millions of dollars, but we don’t disclose the actual number. The competitors underneath are all over the map, Mercer, AON, Hewitt. There’s regional kind of players, most of them people that are in the compensation consulting business do that business, there’re lot of TPAs that do that business. In major accounts, a lot of the insurance brokers and insurance agents actually do that. In fact, we get a lot of lease from the mid-market insurance agents and brokers in that business. And we deliver that benefits business over HRB, which is the employees platform, as well as we have a new health and welfare service engine in the below 20,000 markets. So, it’s really all over the map, Tien-Tsin. Obviously, if you move up market, Hewitt is the predominant player.  
Gary Butler: Yeah, absolutely. What you have is no different than time and labor management, if you have an integrated database with HR payroll, then selling the benefits module is clearly easier and more efficient for the client. So, it’s clearly important. I mean, that’s – if Hewitt tried to get into the payroll business, they didn’t do that because they wanted to go run around selling stand-alone payroll. They wanted to sell, I would imagine, an integrated payroll and HR products. So, clearly it’s a benefit and the major thrust of our strategy typically in benefits is to sell it with payroll HR upfront or sell it back end of the bay. We don’t spend a lot of times chasing stand-alone benefits opportunity.  
Gary Butler: Well, if retention were to go up 50 basis points and sales were to grow up two years in a row 8 to 10%, then yeah, we can get pretty close to the high-single digits, particularly if you don’t have the drags on the rate around pay shrinkage and balance shrinkage, then yeah, you can get there.  
Gary Butler: It’s really not – it’s really pay growth rather than balance growth. And obviously if you are selling – if your base is adding 1 to 2% in terms of employment growth, it also helps. I think 1% growth in pays is worth 20, $25 million, so…  
Gary Butler: That’s definitely the plan. The other subtlety in dealer that you probably don’t realize that our retention rate in dealer at the site level, the dealership level is over 90%. What happened over the last two years is our retention rates on revenue slid down into the low 80s because of all the out-of-business and dropped applications and shrinkage in the other applications that we had. So as that stabilizes and people stop dropping applications, start adding applications and dealership transaction start to increase, then we’ll get as much lift in dealer from higher retention as we will from new sales. So, again, that would certainly be our plan that that’s the way it’d play out as we get into ’12.  
Gary Butler: I mean, I think it has the potential to grow slightly faster than the US business. It’s been growing in the mid-to-high single digits even throughout this down period and the shrinkage that we’ve seen. And we expect it to grow faster than the US business in the year ahead. So, I don’t see any reason why that should change.  
Gary Butler: Yeah, it went down in ’10 compared to ’09 and we are expecting it to be mid-single digits something I think in the year ahead.  
Gary Butler: I mean, I don’t – we’re at 0.6 this year, and I would expect going forward, it’d be closer to the 1, 1.5 as opposed to our historical 1.5 to 2 as we pull out of this thing. But I think that’s probably the way to think about it.  Mark Marcon – Robert W. Baird:   Okay. And then on the regionals, how often are you – are you selling multiple services against those regionals to the small clients as opposed to just pure core? And why is it so difficult to not get a premium relative to those regionals, given how strong your balance sheet is, the size, the scope, the security that you can have with ADP? It still seems to me that you should be able to sell on a higher price relative to those regionals given just the tremendous value that you would give a business owner in terms of the security.  
Gary Butler: No, just right at the breakeven after the dilution from intangibles, amortization of intangibles and the like. But it’s right on the cusp of accretive and dilutive.  
Gary Butler: We appreciate everybody it’s ending today. I think you can tell from the tone of Chris and my comments that we are very pleased with the fourth quarter in terms of the inflection point that we’ve crossed. I’m especially pleased with the sales results as well as the retention results and I think it positions us quite well for a good step-up for the first quarter in terms of revenue lines as we move into next year. So, we look forward to giving you an update on the acquisitions in our first quarter call in late October and if not, have a good week.  
Christopher Reidy: Pay shrinkage in Europe and in Canada has been in the order of minus 3 plus kind of number and we’re at least forecasting only nominal growth in the US in terms of pays for control. Obviously, that could improve or stay in that area depending upon how the economy moves.  
Christopher Reidy: Yeah. Strong double digits, but again you have to also remember, you have the psyche of the sales force. So, if national accounts was the unit in sales set, the lowest performance this year allow the sales folks awaiting for next year in terms of how they book their business and that kind of thing. So, technically if a sales force is underwater, going into the end of the year, they tend to kind of save what they can for the following year as oppose to put in where as guys who are running to maximize their bonus so their sales incentive trips tend to pull things forward. So in general, I’m very pleased with the results in the fourth quarter in sales. I think it gives us some wind at our back as we go into fiscal ’11. But – I just still remain a little bit cautious in national only because capital spending is the high end of the market. Across the board is still kind cautious. And their big accounts are just waiting to see what this economy is going to do and what happens in Washington.
Christopher Reidy: Yeah, while the one number we gave you is a 35 to 40 of the interest. In the benefits in compensation, lots of puts and takes with merit and bonus and everything else, that’s in the neighborhood of about another $20 million drag. In the sales and service investments it’s a little bit north of that and than in the pays, decline in ES is a couple million, kind of, neighborhood.
Christopher Reidy: That’s always a tradeoff and then to do 50 basis points a year, year-in year-out you’ve always got to have your eye on the ball for two, three, four year out and you got to start thinking the investments early on. So, it’s kind of a high-class problem to have.
Christopher Reidy: Well, the margins in the international business aren’t as great as the U.S. business in dealer, but improving. So that level of improvement is probably helping us because we see those margins improving year-over-year. So, I think that offsets the increased growth. We’re still getting growth in the – or we would expect over the next five years to get growth in the core business as well.
Christopher Reidy: Yeah, what I would say in the planning process we go through, particularly at the beginning of the year, we look at upside to certain metrics and downside to certain metrics and we try to have a reasonable range. To give you an example, you tell me what’s going to happen in foreign exchange and the impact on revenue this year when a couple of weeks ago we were at $1.20 and now we’re at $1.29 for the euro. That significant change that could swing the revenue forecast by 1% in and of itself, more impact on revenue than the bottom. But still, just an example of the kind of variables that you have to take into consideration. So, I think it’s the same thing we did last year, went through that same process this year.
Christopher Reidy: I think we have crossed that point already in terms of we hit the inflection point on all of the metrics we laid out. When you think about it – one after the other of our metrics hit an inflection point in the fourth quarter and I think the key to growth coming out of a downturn is making sure you invest early enough to lay the groundwork for that growth. So, we’ve pulled that trigger in the second half of the fiscal year and I think it prepares us well for an inevitable return with the question of how quickly we see, but we’re seeing signs of that with the inflection of the metric.
Christopher Reidy: And clearly that’s a trade-off, price increase and retention is the trade-off that you make and we’re very pleased with the fact that the retention is going in the right direction, which is really positive. You look back to that waterfall chart, that’s a key driver. So, it’s a consideration of not wanting to pile on too much on the price increase and stall our retention.
Christopher Reidy: Well, the balance is the balance growth itself that they get the benefit of even though it’s 4.5%, but they get the benefit of growth.  
Christopher Reidy: I would only add, as you do your models, so I would just point you back to what Steve would have taken us through in the February call that these impact of the – of dealership closing, the bulk of it come through in fiscal year ’11, but there is a little bit of a hangover of 10ish kind of hangover in fiscal year ’12. So, the bulk of the impact is – will be behind us at the end of ’11. But there’s still a little bit of a hangover.  
Christopher Reidy: And that’s both in the in-country best of breed as well as in GlobalView, which we haven’t talked about on the call, but we are encouraged by the signs in GlobalView in terms of the sales side.  
Christopher Reidy: Yeah, even within ’10 we were still mid – low end of mid-single digits kind of in international, but that was down from about 9% growth in fiscal year ’09. So…  
Christopher Reidy: Yes, I can. Hold on a second. I think it was right around 500 – let me find out, I’m looking at the right thing on a dilutive basis 503.7, on a basic 500.5.  
Christopher Reidy: We do, but you got keep in mind though that the economic pressures on some of those smaller businesses, which are single jurisdiction, sort of payroll, are worried about making staying in business, so a couple of bucks a month is going to make a difference to them and so you’re going to see more pressure on – but you are absolutely right, in normal times that’s not going to be as big an issue. And we can certainly show our value as I lose my voice.  
Christopher Reidy: Yeah, you’ve got lots of interest income, plus you’ve got the intangibles that you got to write off of…  Mark Marcon – Robert W. Baird:   Sure.  
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer: Well, thank you, good morning. Just wanted to drill down a little bit on the sales environment. Obviously the 25% year-over-year looks like a great number. You did have very easy comparisons, so just wanted to get a sense for the environment relative to the easy comparisons, maybe a little bit of contrast across the segments. It sounded like nationals might be the one area that might be still slow.
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer: And similarly, the retention improvement, the 160 basis points, I can recall, when you had a quarter that strong. And I think the drag is typically on the small business side. Maybe you could contrast by the segments where you saw the improvement.
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer: I'm just trying to reconcile the small business side. I mean, I thought bankruptcy trends were still a pretty significant drag and just wondering how you're sort of improving the retention so much on the small business side.
