Carlos Rodriguez: So we -- even though what we really talked about is ES bookings, just want to start by saying that the PEO Bookings were incredibly strong. I don't know how else to put it. So I call it orders of magnitude in terms of growth rate higher than even the ES bookings growth for the quarter. That was really good to see.  So that's kind of a sign to your question about products that I think the market is really searching for solutions coming out of this pandemic, that helped them with obviously people issues and sort of, but there's also a talent for -- so people are looking to obviously attract and retain people in this environment where every Company, including ADP, is going through some of these challenged in terms of retracting our own internal talent.  And then you have another dynamic which is, if there are shortages of labor in various categories there we're hearing that there's also shortages of talent in kind of HCM category in general that should create a little bit of an advantage for the clinical outsourcers, right? So as you know, our model is, we provide great technology and software, but we also do the back-office work and we take accountability for outcomes. And I think when people are struggling to hire people to do the work in their HR department, or their payroll department, or their benefits department, we're here to help.  And so I think those outsourcing solutions are getting a lot of tailwind. We also saw because of the easy comps and I think you've heard it in Dan 's comments. Some of the things like our recruitment process outsourcing business and our screening and selection business, which we're really at very low booking levels last year at the same time, have rebounded off for obvious reasons, incredibly well.  But having said that, it was really across the board. We had very strong growth in workforce. Now, we had very strong growth in the up-market. We had strong growth even in a down-market. Although last at the same time, I think we mentioned that we had when we call client-base acquisition which is not technically M&A deal, but we were able to buy and large book of business that we converted, that really some of that flowed through our bookings. So I'd made that comparison a little harder on the SBS side, but if you back that out, it was equally strong on the SBS side as well. I would say that could give you a little bit of color, but it really was across the board.  It just shows how connected we are to the economy and GDP when it comes to bookings, which is something that we've had the theory here for some -- for some years now, and we just have a very strong recovery in a very strong economy. And it's a great environment for our sales force.
Carlos Rodriguez: I think in this kind of environment, given the very first comments we made about the economy, and you have both the economy of the tailwind and you have now in the U.S. I think an administration that is kind of more inclined to regulation into, particularly employer regulation. And so you have, I think a very strong backdrop for what I would say is the foreseeable future. In that environment, historically, what ADP would do is we would add as much sales capacity as possible.  That doesn't mean that we indiscriminately hire because we have people to hire and onboard and train and so forth. And we have to make those people effective. But I would say that we have a strong appetite for growing our sales force, but also for growing our investment in marketing. Whether it's digital marketing or more traditional advertising. And that's exactly what we plan to do. Having said that, I would tell you that we've had challenges like everyone else, in terms of hiring, it's a very difficult labor market.  So I hope that we can fulfill those expectations, those dreams, if you will, of growing our sales force as fast as possible. But that's the only thing that I could see getting in the way. We obviously have the capital, we have the I think the desire and we have, I think the experience to be able to execute once we hire those people to get the sales, get the clients implemented, and then hopefully derive the benefits of that revenue for, in many cases 15-20 years, depending on which business unit you're in. And so I guess I would say strong appetite for both headcount growth, but also other investments in sales. Whether it's marketing, digital marketing, sales tools, all across-the-board.
Carlos Rodriguez: So the risk of -- because we had a strong feeling that the PEO business was going to be strong coming out of the pandemic. Because it's been strong coming out of prior economical recession. and those are the different recession. So I have to be careful about any specific predictions. But we had some challenges, I think coming out of the pandemic with the price that we're selling in the PEO were slightly smaller and just ballpark it around 10% smaller. So let's say that the average, I'm just going to make up the numbers. Let's say the average new clients over in the PEO with 3 worksite employees and all of a sudden, prior to the pandemic and that's been can quote, growing slightly over the years.  All of a sudden it came down to like 27, so 10% decline. So even if you sell 10% more units, if the units are at 10% smaller, you basically end up in the same place. So that's a little bit of what we were expecting. We believe that a 100% related to the economy, and to what was happening with the pandemic. Now what we've seen in the recovery is both the unit growth is still strong as it was prior year, and now our unit size has recovered. And so the combination of those 2 things has created really, really strong growth in the first quarter in the PEO.  The only caveat that I would add also is that we did have a transition into a new year, as you know, our fiscal year ended on June 30th. And in some cases, our businesses tend to perform really extremely well in the first quarter when they come out of a year where -- I wouldn't call it under-performance because it was still a good year last year, given the circumstances. But clearly the PEO, we were very, I think, clear that the PEO had been trailing, in terms of recovery when it comes to bookings, what we were seeing in EF. Now, as we expected, the horse race now -- the horse in the lead has changed. So now the PEO is the one leading the race.
Carlos Rodriguez: I think there is definitely more leverage in the sales force than we've ever had because -- I mean, I think maybe what you're alluding to our sales force like a lot of other of our competitors had to go to a 100% virtual for a number of months, and I'm sure every competitor handled differently in terms of how long they were virtual, versus when they went back in the field. But that process which we had been learning about for 20-25 years, like we have almost a third of our sales force already selling what we call insights sales. And so they were able to sell virtually. They had been in a building, but it didn't really matter whether they want the building or in their homes. They were still able to sell very effectively. That was an easy transition for that portion of our sales force, and then we really with the appropriate tools and some training and some learning from our inside sales force we really moved our entire sales force to sell virtually. So I think now we're really in a period where we're going to sell based on, however the client wants to be sold. And so if the client wants a combination of an initial video call on Zoom or WebEx, we'll do that.  If the client once an in-person visits we'll do that if they want to close the deal with an in-person, but start with a video, we can do that. So I think there's no question that if Salesforce leverage has increased for us, but admittedly, probably for our competitors as well. Our reach has definitely been extended. There's no question about that in terms of tools, but also philosophically. I think we are now, I think able to sell in a, I mean to use a cliche and omnichannel way.  We're also investing heavily in digital marketing. So you mentioned the down-market, I would just add that because of some of the comparisons to the down-market had that was not withdraw the sales results this quarter. It was actually all the other businesses. So but we do see the underlying strength in small business. But because of the difficult comparison, it's not reflected in the percentages. So not trying to minimize the strength in the momentum in the down-market, I'm trying to emphasize the strength everywhere else in the portfolio. And the rest of the portfolio also can benefit from digital tools, digital marketing, but it's not quite as leveraged as it is in the down market. So I think it's a combination of a lot of different things, but the overall, I think comment would be there's no question that there is increased leverage in the Salesforce and you're seeing it in terms of the productivity numbers. I mean it, we are frankly very positively surprised by the rebound in what we call average sales force productivity. So the actual sales rep level, how much are they selling today versus what were they selling in Fiscal year '19. And that is back to, and above that level, which is very pleasing to us.
Carlos Rodriguez: Sure, let me start by saying that the margin in the first quarter was a record for us. And it was above last year as we just reported But if you go back to last year -- last year was above the prior year. It's quite impressive that we had margin improvement last year, given that we were one quarter into a pandemic. But it's even more impressive is that impressive that we had margin improvement again, having said that, up the victory lap.  Then the other part of the comment is we had way higher revenue than we had anticipated, which is incredibly gratifying We're very happy about that, and it was really in both ES and PEO. And it was an a bunch of different places. Slightly better pace per control, retention was better. You heard all the comments. We have just a lot of things working in our favor here. The expenses have not caught up to the revenues and so right now, we are trying to add capacity, both for implementation and service, particularly ahead of our year-end period.  And so like other companies, the most important thing for us is to be able to execute on our commitments to our clients, and to be able to start a business that we've sold. And so I would say that that's a dynamic that factored into the margin performance, but I don't want to take anything away from the organization or anything away from the operating leverage because it's pretty impressive what the organization was able to accomplish. But had we known where we were going to be in terms of top line and volumes, we would have more headcount today than we have. And there is some catching up to do.  Now to put a fine point on that, don't think of, we have to add hundreds of millions dollars with expense, we're just a little bit behind, and that's why you see in case someone's asked it yet may as well address it head on for the rest of the year. When you look at the EPS and the guidance, we really not raising by much more than what we had in terms of our performance in Q1. And that's because we are going to continue to invest in both sales and distribution, but also in service and implementation.  And that delay in hiring or deferred hiring helped us in terms of the margin in the first quarter, I strongly believe we still would've had a very strong margin performance in the first quarter, even had we hit our headcount numbers for service implementation and volume-related businesses. And I thought I should kind of put that out there because it seems like an obvious question as well.
Carlos Rodriguez: There really isn't a simple answer to that, to the first part. We'll come back to the -- I think the second question about the attach rates. Let me answer that one first. The attach rates are -- there's a couple of products where we have what I would call good attach rates, acceptable, which is saying as CEO speak for, they could always be higher. Like our benefit admin tools, our time and attendance systems. But most of our products and our worker's compensation tool in a down-market also has a high attach rate. But almost everything else that is quote, unquote, beyond payroll. So HCM in addition to kind of our core payroll solutions, we're way under penetrated in terms of attach rates.  So there is a lot of potential, I think for that to improve as well. So on the first part of your question in terms of how we cross-sell, as I started saying, there isn't a simple answer because there isn't a simple answer. In some of our businesses, we have very distinct organizations like in the down-market, we have a large down-market sales force that works with accountants and other kind of third-party channels and also sell directly. And then we have a sales force that sells our retirement solutions are 401K products.  And our insurance services solution, those are distinct sales forces that basically share leaves with each other, and they have incentives to do so. That down-market business also feeds business to our PEO through also incentives. But there is a separate and distinct sales force in the PEO as well. When you get into the up-market and into the mid-market, you start to get some portion of our sales force which is able to sell multiple products or whatever call bundles.  But even then, you still have specialized sales forces in certain circumstances, depending on, I think the specialization or the complexity of the product. But in all cases, we have primary sales. What I would call primary sales people. So the quarterback, if you will, on an account. Now I'm talking about upmarket and mid-market and those quarterbacks are really in charge of making sure that when it's appropriate, and when a client has a need that we bring in our specialized sales people that have specific knowledge about some of our other HCM solutions.  So I wish I could give you a simple answer, but that's actually part of the secret sauce, right? In terms of our ability to grow and outperform some of our competitors is to be able to do that well. And I'd like to say that I invented this, but this is something that goes all the way back to the Frank Wattenberg days and to my predecessors . And this is a well - oiled machine in terms of our sales and distribution. And specifically, you've just described about the cross-sell. And again, to put a fine point on it roughly 50 percent of our bookings come from cross-sell and roughly 50 percent of our bookings come from new logos each year.
Carlos Rodriguez: I wish I had a crystal ball in terms of answering where it's going to go. But I think just from a mathematical or technical standpoint, the cost of sale is definitely pulling down because of this productivity increase. So this is the same leverage that you're seeing in so many industries and so many businesses, including ours, on the revenue happens on the bookings as well. When you get higher volumes it basically indicates higher -- unless you add a lot of expense, by definition you get higher productivity.  So you see us being reported in the press all the time about, how worker productivity is up. Well, hardly reason why worker productivity is up is because revenues of recovered, volumes have recovered, and it sustained people. Or you're adding a few more people now. Maybe people aren't focusing on, is that worker productivity went down, right as the pandemic kind of set in and people's revenues went down. So I hate to make it so simplistic, mathematically. But some of that is what's happening now.  So you do have to be careful about jumping to any medium to long-term conclusions because right now our cost of sale compared to last year and the year before is definitely coming down as a result of a very large increase in bookings with how a similar increase in expenses. We still though are not back to where our cost of sale was pre -pandemic. And we hope to get there. But that will require even a little bit more productivity during this year.  But that would be our expectation is that whether it's the GDP or interest rates or employment, that, there's regression to the mean here as they very large economy. ADP's large Company, but the economy is massive, and it tends to regress to the mean on a lot of things, and we also tend to regress to the mean s. So I think some of these things will work themselves out. And you have to just get past the base effects, and the comparisons, and so forth to really understand where you are, and we won't know that until we're on the other side unfortunately, I hate to say it.
Carlos Rodriguez: Thanks for the question. The second part of your question, I think kind of answers the first part. The answer is yes. Like, I think part -- again, hard to separate how much is just pure GDP growth, new business formation etc. But the last part of your question, there's no question that part of our growth is driven by what you are alluding to, which is everyone now is looking for help in terms of hiring, attracting people, and frankly, also trying to hold onto them. This is a great environment for us. The combination of strong GDP, an administration that is more inclined towards regulation, and then a tight labor market for people who do the things that we do. By that I mean, payroll staff and HR staff at prospects and our clients.  That's all a very good backdrop for us. I'm assuming that -- this is not going to resolve itself overnight in terms of the tightness in the labor market. We should anticipate some tailwinds here and some help for some period of time, until that changes. And I hate to use the R word, but some day, at some point in the future, doesn't see m anywhere near future given what's going on with government stimulus and government policy. But someday that might change. But we don't see that on the horizon right now. On the very first part of your question though in terms of the tight labor markets, I would say the overwhelming impact of tight labor markets is positive on AEP. I mentioned one of the challenges we have, which is tight labor market affects our own internal associates in terms of we have to hire service people and implementation people, so it's harder for us like it is harder for anyone else. But that pale in comparison to the upside, like a tight labor market drive new bookings as we just talked about in the last part of your question. But it also could create inflationary pressures, which drives our balanced growth. It should drive interest rates higher, which is one of the most underappreciated stories, I think of ADP is the potential upside in our flow business.  And the reason it's underestimated because it's done nothing for 10 years because they've been here for 10 years and has been nothing for pain and headwind. And just what I thought we were coming out of it, we go into a pandemic, and we get more pain, and race go even lower than they were before. But I'm pretty sure that it those changes any lower now. Although, I think we may have to file an AK after saying that. I'm making a statement on interest rates. But, whatever. Hover around here, go down a little bit there, but it feels pretty certain that the long-term, medium and long-term trend now for interest rates will be at least for gradual increases.  And I'm not suggesting that there's still underlying demographics that may keep us from getting back to the same kind of 10-year rate that we had 15 years ago or ten years ago. But I think everyone knows when you look at real interest rates that there is upside on interest rate. So the tight labor market helps in a number of ways. It creates activity for our sales force. Every time there's activity and there's conversations, we're going to win our fair share. So that's a great backdrop.  It creates opportunities for our balances. I think it creates opportunities for the PEO because some of our billings are actually driven by as a percentage of wages. And whenever you have wage inflation, if you are building on percent of wages, to some extent that will help, that's not So, like an infinite thing because we won't just allow our revenue to go up indefinitely. We'd have to adjust those rates but in the medium-term, we will see, I think, some tailwind from -- in the PEO from higher wages and wage growth, which is inevitable outcome of a tight labor market.
Carlos Rodriguez: On the first -- on the first part, I'm not sure how much more color we can give you. We have a fair amount of detail in terms of losses and retention around, we call non-controlled the losses which are broadly speaking out of business, bankruptcies, etc. And those have started to trend back up again. They're not back to normal levels, but they started to trend back. I think that's not surprising because there's still a lot of liquidity, and a lot of stimulus if you will, even if it's not new stimulus. So when you have consumer spending doing what it's doing, and you have activity doing what it's doing. It tends to be supportive of small business rather than the normal turnover that you have that's natural in the small business sector.  I guess with hindsight, like if 3 or 6 months ago, when we were putting together our plan, we'd had a crystal ball, we would've probably -- and we had experienced with the pandemic, we probably would have planned the downturn in retention to be slower. So we've been positively surprised by how long it's taking for those losses to regress back to normal. Having said that, we don't know that they're going to regress 100 % backs  because there's other parts of our retention that are controllable. We call controllable. In our controllable losses, we see those going down as well.  And I think Don made a common thing that should not be lost on you, which is that our client satisfaction scores as measured by NPS, are the highest they've ever been. And I give credit to the organization for during the pandemic, being able to get through what was an incredibly difficult time for them personally, in terms of they were trying to help our clients. But we also had a huge increase in volume because of all the government stimulus programs in the PPP loans, etc. And this happened all over the world, it wasn't just in the U.S.. And fortunately, we maintained relative stability in our headcount.  We didn't do mass layoffs and let a bunch of people go. So the combination of maintaining investment and also being able to, to have people -- I don't know how to described it. Make a efforts to help our clients, we were able to maintain those NPS where that actually haven't go up. And there's staying at very strong levels, and we believe that there is a correlation between strong NPS and retention. So we may be able to see new record highs for retention on a permanent basis, but it's way too early to make that prediction.
Carlos Rodriguez: Sure. I think we talked about over the last couple of quarters as we kind of entered in the pandemic, we obviously had a couple of particularly large clients that we're in industries that were particularly hard hit. So we've got put on a little bit off course, if you will, in terms of our implementations and our starts. We also, I think, started to focus on implementation tools. I think we had -- I don't know how many set -- how many we said we had sold. And as we started implementing in starting these clients. We recognize that we still have some work to do in terms of implementation tools and making sure that if and when we want to use third-party integrators to help us with that, that we need to build out those tools.  There has been quite a lot of focus on that effort. And we feel good about it. We actually -- I think we also talked about investments in the last quarter that we made to bring in some third-parties to help us with the evaluation. And in some cases, the build of that to make sure that as we now enter a hopefully a period of time where we can really accelerate the implementations and the growth and the starts of those clients.  But it's fair to say, and I think we said in the last couple of quarters that our focused turn ed more to, making sure that we have a strong foundation and that we had the right implementation tools to be able to get the business started that we intend to have in the next year or 2, which is hopefully quite -- quite a lot of business. And you'll hear more details about this when we get to our Investor Day on November 15th.
Carlos Rodriguez: So on the first -- on the first question, I think I said in my early comments that all of the HRO Solutions, the Corporal Outsourcing Solutions, are very, very strong across-the-board, right? Up-market because we have HRO Solutions in the up-market, we have in the mid-market, and we have them in the down-market. And in in the down market -- and in the mid-market, we have PEO, but we also have what you're alluding to, which is a non-core employment. What I would call -- we call it comprehensive services, as the name implies, it provides a kind of broader assortment of services in addition to our traditional software in our traditional tax and other services.  There is to my knowledge a lot of switching from clients that are, what I would call typical clients of ADP that have payroll benefits and I'd then maybe TLM, etc., whether it's in a down-market in the mid-market into these HRO Solutions, there is not a lot to my knowledge of switching across because it typically. Again, if we're doing our job from a sales standpoint, you are really trying to find the right fit for the client. In some cases, the client wants you to do their benefits admin, and provide their benefits, provide the workers comp, and their 401-K.  In other cases, the client wants you to only do the administrative back-office of the payroll department in the HR department which would be the non - PEO solutions. So I think if we do our job well, which I think we do in the sales process, and in the upgrade process, those clients tend to stay on those -- on whatever solution they have chosen. But to be clear, both of them are growing at this point at rates that are multiples of our growth in employer services. And so it's quite impressive in terms of the tailwind and the growth rates that we have in all of the HRO businesses.  On the last part of your question, which I think was about positioning PEO in terms of market share and so forth. We have 600 and I think it's 630,000 roughly, we reported worksite employees, average worksite employees this last quarter. That's tripled, what it was 10 years ago in the first quarter of fiscal year 11. And so and that's a higher market share than it was 10 years ago. So I don't know how else to answer that question other than to say that we have a proven track record of execution to continue to drive growth in the PEO that's faster than the markets. So I don't think there's any question about our positioning or our ability to drive market share as evidenced by our ability to execute.
Carlos Rodriguez: So next-gen PEO, equally excited as we are about next-gen HCM in terms of what this holds for the future for ADP. The challenge for us in terms of as we communicate and on November 15th, we'll try to figure out a way to address this issue. Like, we have 15 billion in revenue. So as well as next-gen HCM are going and next-gen payroll is going, it just doesn't -- this is a future impact for ADP., so it's not in the next quarter. And I know you're not asking a question that's really about next quarter mark, but I think it was a good opportunity to kind of throw that out there.  That -- what's driving the performance of ADP this quarter, this year, and for the next 2 to 3 years is not going to be that from a financial standpoint. But in terms of positioning the Company for the future, in terms of growth and creating competitive differentiation and the ability to drive new bookings, they're absolutely critical. So I would say that on those measurements we're still happy and excited by the progress we're seeing with both next-gen HCM, as well as next-gen payroll, we have not gone to general availability, so we're selling a lot of next-gen payroll, but we're only selling in what we call the core of major accounts right now of the mid-market, which is kind of 50 to 150 and this is no different in terms of the playbook that we use with our transition from our old platform to run in a down-market.  And some of our more legacy platform in mid-market to then our next-gen Workforce Now version which we're on now. So we're doing the same thing with next-gen payroll and the same thing with next-gen HCM, which is we're doing very carefully that we have a very large installed base. And we are not -- We're going to eventually move some of those clients, and begin to move some of those clients. But we're happy with the business and the cash flow that we have, and the clients satisfaction scores that are record levels on our existing platform.  So we do not have any -- this is not panicking. There's no sense of crisis, and there's no -- we have urgency, but no crisis, because I want to make sure people hear that. Like, I don't want you to think that we all have a sense of urgency because the faster we get these two solutions to scale, the faster we beat the competition.
Carlos Rodriguez: It's a great question. I think the second part of question, so hopefully you'll forget about first part because we don't have -- we try to prepare for everything and that one, we'll have to follow-up with you on in terms of what regions or what states, we're strongest in terms of our sales. I'm going to suspect that they were all strong because honestly, like the PEO results were off the charts, there can't be any state that wasn't in strong double-digit growth. But we'll follow up on that question. On the healthcare rate question, you're right that we're not directly impacted, but you're also right to imply that we're indirectly impacted because it does matter, right? It matters to our clients what they're paying for healthcare.  And I hate to be so simplistic, but I think what the actual regression to the mean and large economies -- the healthcare world and insurance companies are also similar in terms of they regress, right? So losses have an uncanny way of regressing to the mean. That's why I always caution people when all of a sudden someone thinks that they have this big decline in either workers comp costs or healthcare costs. It usually doesn't work that way. There's usually something that explains it and it usually regresses back to the mean.  I think, if I can try to answer -- what I think is the implication of your question, there was a temporary decline in things like elective surgery, and frankly, healthcare in general. People even start to stop going to their primary care physicians and so forth, that decreased healthcare costs temporarily. And I hate to use that word transitory, that is now the favorite word it seems talk about inflation, but it's very clear that that was transitory and that healthcare costs will come back.  And so I think to the extent you had below normal renewals, which would be our situation because we don't take risk on healthcare, so we wouldn't see it in our margins and in our cost structure. But to the extent that we had below normal renewals, we would expect those renewals to go back to normal because we would expect as healthcare costs go back to normal slowly, that those costs would have to be pass-through.  When you look at the healthcare insurance companies, as much criticism as they get, they are largely pass-through entities. They're paying hospitals, and providers, and other healthcare costs, prescription drugs, etc. And it's really not a business where you can say, we can't pass this 10 percent increase in healthcare costs because their margins are even 10 percent. And so that business is very straightforward, which is they try to earn a markup or margin for doing what they do in terms of managing networks etc. But in the end, they have to pass those costs through. We have to also, because we're a passive entity as well. And I think those who take risk on healthcare will probably see those costs go up over some period of time.
Carlos Rodriguez: There's not much more I can say as we really had terrific results. I want to thank Don for joining and I think you're all going to be very happy to meet him and get the benefit of his experience in ADP more broadly, besides just in the finance organization. Because he has kind of real-world business experience within ADP as well. The -- I just want to end the way I usually end which is thanking our organization and particularly our front line associates because I'm not sure what's going on in other companies. but we would not be able to get our goals accomplished without people going above and beyond.  I think we mentioned the tight labor market and that we're a little bit behind in terms of our hiring, that means our people are working extra hard. An economist said, that an increase in productivity, I'd say that's just people working hard. And we really appreciate it, our clients appreciate it. I think our shareholders appreciate it, and I don't think a lot listen to this call, but you should be aware of that, whether it's here in other companies, there's a lot of people out there that are pushing really hard to deliver.  And many of us, whether we're as consumers or buyers of products and businesses and so we're frustrated by what's happening in terms of supply chain and some of these other things. But all I see is a bunch of people working really, really hard to try to fulfill the needs of our clients. And I think that's happening across the whole economy. And I think we'd show a little bit of patience with each other.  Because this will all normalize as these variant now recedes, I mean, you're seeing already and some of the mobility data, things will slowly get back to normal. People will come back into the labor force. And this great economy that we have will function, the way it's supposed to function. But in the meantime, I want to thank our associates for what they've done so far, whether it's this last quarter and what they're going to have to do to get through this year-end, which is going to be very challenging given the volumes we have and the capacity we have. So for that, I thank them, but I also thank all of you for listening and for being supporters of ADP. Thank you.
Don Mcguire: Yes. Sure. I think it's fair to say and we commented on it that the retention is at an all-time record for our Q1. So that's fantastic and better than we had expected. The expectation as we went into the year was to see particularly in the smaller business statement, to see that slipped back a little. And indeed it has, but it hasn't slipped back nearly to the extent that we had anticipated.  So we're even better there against what we had previously thought. Of course, then that means that we did have and continue to have good retention levels in the mid-market and the upmarket. So we expect that to -- we expect that to continue. However, as you know the cyclicality of our business and the seasonality of our business. We will need to get through the calendar year end, which is when we see most of the switching activity because of the drivers in new starts the year etc. So we are positive and we did take our retention estimate up for the year and we'll see if it holds and perhaps it's better than we expected.
Don Mcguire: Yes. So I guess what I would say is I've been with ADP for a long time now. And I guess what I observed in the roughly 23 years I've been with this Company is that ADP has always had a very strong financial organization with a strong finance leader. And I want to make sure that we continue that. I am sure we will. I think that the priorities that we have are well set out in our Strat plan previous Investor Days, etc. So we'll probably provide along with an update on those things that when we get together on November the 15th. But let's wait until then and I don't think you're going to see any dramatic changes. We pretty much have a well-discussed, and well-disclosed trajectory, and plan, and we will update you on that on November the 15th.
Don Mcguire: Maybe I will take that. I think our retention, certainly we're very happy with the Q1 record we have, but I think it's also heavily linked to the success we've had over the last few years with our improvements in NPS. And as our NPS continues to go on the right direction and improved, we're seeing general increases in retention to go along with that, I think that's what we would expect and that's what we want to see happen.  So I think there is some relationship there. The -- with no doubt that the retention is very good and we're benefiting still I think from a little bit of some of the concerns coming out of the pandemic that clients may have about switching it during a time of still virtual for many. So we're benefiting from that as well and we acknowledge that. But as I said, we're very happy with the retention and the progress we're making with our products and our service that go along to driving those retention numbers. We will see a little bit of a step back perhaps in the down-market. But as we said so far, it's soft living up better than we expected.
