Carlos A. Rodriguez: Thank you, Elena. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Before we get started on the earnings discussion for the second quarter, I'd like to welcome Jan to the call and to his new role as ADP's Chief Financial Officer. Jan's already had the opportunity to meet with many of you over the last few months, and he'll continue to do so during the rest of the year. Now let's turn to the second quarter results. I'll make some opening statements, and then I'll turn the call over to Jan, who will take you through the highlights of the quarter, after which I'll return to provide you with an update on our fiscal 2013 forecast. And before we take your questions, I'll provide a few concluding remarks. Now let's turn to Slide 4. As you read in this morning's press release, ADP reported good results for fiscal 2013's second quarter. I'm pleased with ADP's total revenue growth of 7%, 6% organic, and adjusted earnings per share growth of 7%. Our business segments performed well during the quarter, and overall ADP results were good despite the negative impact from items that we previously communicated to you, which you read in this morning's press release. I view this quarter revenue growth as quite solid, and is the result of our focus and investment in solutions as well as from our good sales execution over the last several quarters. We believe the uncertainty in the United States surrounding the fiscal cliff had a slight positive impact on revenues as payrolls and bonuses were accelerated into December in advance of expected tax increases. However, the uncertainty may have also delayed decision making, negatively impacting new business bookings. For the second quarter, combined worldwide new business bookings for Employer Services and PEO grew 5%, but our bookings growth of 9% year-to-date is right in line with our full year forecast for 8% to 10% growth. I'm pleased with -- that we continue to grow our RUN units and now have over 200,000 RUN clients. I'm also happy to report that interest in Vantage is high, and our sales pipeline is quite strong. In our Employer Services international organization, bookings of our best-of-breed solutions across Europe were again somewhat mixed, given the economic weakness in some of these markets. Our multinational solutions continue to do well with strong bookings in GlobalView and Streamline. Moving on from bookings to our other key business metrics. Client balances continued to grow, and the number of employees on our clients' payrolls as measured by same-store pays per control also increased. Client revenue retention increased 80 basis points. If you recall, the prior year's second quarter included a large loss that impacted the year-ago results. So the year-over-year improvement is partially due to an easier comparison, but I'm very happy to report that the quarter's retention still improved when you adjust for the prior year loss. Moving on to Dealer Services. Dealer had a great quarter. You saw in the release that 2 points of growth came from last year's acquisition. Outside of acquisitions, digital marketing was the largest driver of growth with increased advertising revenue, which as you know, can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. In addition, the North American core business benefited from increased transactional revenues, which are tied to car sales volumes, which have seen a terrific return to growth in calendar year 2012. Our international business in Dealer also contributed to revenue growth in the quarter on strength in China. As you know, the international market has a heavier weighting to onetime license fee revenues than the domestic market. While Dealer had a great quarter, the revenue growth and margin improvement was driven in large part by these transactional and nonrecurring revenues in addition to increased operating scale. With that, I'll turn it over to Jan to provide the financial highlights and a look at this year's forecast for our client funds investment strategy.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So I actually spent some time a few months ago at our -- with the folks from our PEO on exactly the question on health care reform and the impact on the PEO. And we're feeling pretty good about our ability to continue to deliver value to clients through our PEO even in the face of health care reform. The profile of our client tends to be slightly higher average wage and more white collar, which will probably have less impact, and the client average size in our PEO tends to be also slightly larger than the typical PEO. I believe the average client size is somewhere in the 30-employee range or 40-employee range, and that's the average. So we tend to not have a lot of clients in our PEO that are under 10. Generally speaking, where there would be the most potential for migration is clients that are very small and clients that have lower average wage in terms of their client base. But as you can imagine, we have -- we don't know for sure what the full impact will be of health care reform in the behavior of buyers and small clients or large clients. But I walked away from that meeting feeling pretty good that our value proposition was still quite strong and it was going to be able to hold up and, in fact, be able to provide value to our clients during health care reform. Because there are going to be a lot of compliance requirements and a lot of changes as a result of health care reform that I think small businesses will also need help with. But I think it's something that we are watching carefully. Our sales so far have been relatively stable in terms of -- on the PEO side. Our retention rates actually are quite strong on a year-to-date basis. So I think right now, I think it's just -- we're keeping an eye on it, and we'll continue to, I think, report back on a regular basis if we see anything different.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yes, we're quite excited. I think -- I'm glad Jan jumped in on the second half your question because we are in the mid and upper end of the market, quite excited about our opportunity to help our clients with health care reform. We think this is, as you can imagine, a daunting task for employers to be able to [Audio Gap] So obviously, in the upper end and the mid market, we have a lot of solutions that help in a coordinated fashion with compliance. We have time and attendance solutions that will help measure whether an employee is full-time or part-time, which is one of the determinants of eligibility for health care. We will be able to help clients with eligibility management in terms of sending out notices to employees, notifying them that they are eligible, which will be another requirement of health care reform. So there are a number of changes coming down the road that I think we're going to be able to help our clients with. So I think our benefits administration business is quite excited about the opportunity over the next year or 2.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think that our stance on acquisitions really hasn't changed. So we have some parts of our business that are lumpy. I would say acquisitions is the part of our business where you have the most lumpiness because we don't really force ourselves to make acquisitions at any particular time frame. We make them when, I think, they make sense and when the valuations are right and when there's a fit. So we continue to be actively looking. We've actually looked at quite a number of things. We've had a lot of discussions over the last 3 to 6 months. But we are where we are, and we would love to be able to find things that fit well into our product portfolio and help us with our growth plans. But we're also quite disciplined, which I think we've always been. But no change in our approach to acquisitions.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think that the general release for Vantage is scheduled for September. And I think right now, we have 40 deals sold, so signed contracts. I believe we have just under 10 that are actually live, and we expect to have a little over 20 live by the end of our fiscal year. So it's still great progress, great momentum, a lot of excitement but very small impact to revenues for a business our size.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I wish I had more color for you, but I'm not aware of anything changing. We haven't changed our policies and our -- we have -- I think, like most companies, we have policies around how much discounting is allowed at particular levels. So a field sales person has x percentage of discounting authority, and then the manager has a little bit more. And I think those policies have been pretty consistent for a long time. And honestly, we're not seeing any -- I can't think of any major changes or anything that we're seeing in the environment from a pricing standpoint, in really, in any of our segments, unless Jan, if you have...
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yes. And I think that the -- the fact that we're gaining share is, I think, a sign not only that I think we're "competitive" from a price standpoint, but it's not just about price, it's also about, obviously, value and service. So I think that we feel like we have the right combination when you look at our sales results and our growth.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So let me first start off by saying that we, to be clear -- I think the evidence we have of any kind of delays in decision making are anecdotal and instinctive. It's also important to just remind you once again that we had a very strong second quarter last fiscal year, 14% sales growth. But having said that, we do think that there was a little bit of an impact. I think that -- I really don't know that there was really any more that we could add in terms of the picture in terms of the sales. We're hoping, obviously, that things will continue to be along the lines of what our year-to-date results are, which are right now 9%, which is still within the range of our 8% to 10% guidance. So I think we're still happy with our sales results. But the second quarter is what it is, it's 5% growth.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I was trying to avoid your question, but the -- we do have our January results, and we obviously don't report by month, but I can tell you that our January sales results were in line with our full year forecast, so somewhere in that 8% to 10% range.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Europe, I think I would describe it best as not helping in terms of our growth rate but could be a lot worse. So I have to say that I'm pleased with both Dealer Services and Employer Services international performance in Europe in view of the backdrop and in view of what we've just gone through. Our pays per control growth, for example, is slightly negative, just around 1% negative. And that, in our world, from what we know historically of what can happen in the U.S. and to the business overall, is a relatively modest decline. Some of that is related to, in an interesting way, the positive of the inflexibility of the labor markets in Europe, which I think helps us on the way down. But obviously, what we would like to see is a robust economy there, where employment starts to pick up again. But our sales results have been -- I would call them flattish, which I think in this environment is something to, I think, be happy about. Our retention rates are actually quite strong, which is -- actually makes sense. And we've seen this before in the U.S. and in Europe. When things get difficult, people tend to hunker down, so there's not a lot of change, so it makes sales a little bit harder, but it tends to help retention a bit, which is what we're seeing there. So retention is strong. Sales are kind of flattish. Revenue growth is single, low single digits. I think all -- I think, to be expected and frankly, better than what I would've thought if you'd asked me 1 year ago what would happen.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, I think the best way to characterize our situation is that -- is the way you described it, which is we expect a little bit less pressure. And I think we went through that in the Analyst Meeting, so I think you have that information. So we do expect a little bit less pressure in '14 from interest-rate drag, but we still expect some drag, so that will help a little bit. And we see pretty good margin expansion at the segment level, as we just reported for the second quarter, so I think it's safe to say that we're feeling pretty good about where we are in terms of our ability to deliver margin despite all of these moving parts. But as you can appreciate, we haven't given our guidance for '14 yet, and we're really not in a position yet in terms of our operating plan process to really get down to that level of detail. But I think that it's -- we feel better than we felt 1 year ago because the easing on the interest rate pressure does help a little bit, but it's not -- we're not going back to positive in '14, so I just want to make sure that, that expectation is out there.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: They've changed a little bit, but I think they're pretty consistent. I mean -- again, I think we probably -- we feel better about waiting. When you look at what's happened to interest rates, I think the 10-year went down to -- and obviously, the yield curve moves somewhat with the 10-year, but I think it bottomed at under 1.5%. Then it went above 2%. So this is a -- this is unfortunately also a situation where I'm not sure that there's a huge amount of value in us giving you a number today because in 3 months, it's going to be a different number. I think what I would focus you on is in our core business. I know it's important for you to get this number right on the client interest pressure, but what I want to have people focus on is what's happening in the core business, what's happening with our core margins, what's happening with new business bookings, which is all quite positive. And this interest-rate picture, I'm not -- not to be cavalier about it, but it will take care of itself. And hopefully, it has begun the process of taking care of itself as we've now seen at least a slight turn in rates in the right direction from our perspective.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yes, I think if we weren't confident, we would've changed our guidance, I think, is the right thing to say. I'm very confident. But as you know, in our business, we can -- pretty much for the next 6 months, we have a very good view of what's going to happen with revenues, because we're a recurring revenue business. But new business bookings are something that is not quite as easy from a science standpoint to pin down, but we're feeling pretty confident and we don't really see any change. When we did some, I guess, some checking, if you will, and some asking, we didn't hear anything other than the anecdotal stories about a very, very difficult year-end process of trying to get people to make decisions in the face of this whole fiscal cliff and the uncertainty on the taxes and so forth. There might be something else going on that we just haven't been able to put our finger on, but we haven't been able to find anything. And hence, we had tremendous momentum before that, we had good sales productivity, and I don't see any reason for us to back off of our confidence in our forecast for the full year.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, the only thing that I mentioned was bookings. So I don't really have any other data that I could share from January in terms of just the economy and other parts of our business. But January is our largest new bookings month, and so getting through January in a healthy way with good results is very, very important for both new bookings and for client retention. We still have 5 months, but if January is the biggest month in both new bookings and also client retention, then obviously, as you go further into the year, our confidence level grows higher and higher about our forecast. So that's really why you heard the comments the way that I made them. But it's not because I have any other specific information or data about January.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, I'm not -- I'll let Jan also add his two cents' worth, because he was involved in a lot of the product discussions in his prior role. But it feels like we have made really substantial improvements from a usability and kind of from a pure technology standpoint. So I think we have a greater focus on the product itself in addition to what we have always had a lot of focus on, which is the service. This is something that really started probably 2 or 3 years ago. We have examples of it in all of our different segments, in Small Business with RUN, in mid-market with Workforce Now and in the high end with Vantage. So I'm quite pleased with our progress. But I think if we look at ourselves in the mirror, we have to say that there's -- we still have to continue to move quickly and be more agile because that's what's happening in the world around us. So you'll see, for example, not a dramatic increase but a slight uptick in our spending on R&D and development when our Q comes out. And that's no coincidence because we do feel like we need to invest more on the product than on the technology side. But I think the best way to characterize it is I think we've made enormous progress. I'm very proud of what we've been able to deliver in really all of our major segments over the last 2 or 3 years. But the heat is still on in the kitchen because I'm pushing hard to not let up and to really kind of turn the speed up even higher on the product development side. I don't know if Jan has...
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think that's an excellent point, the migrations issue. When you look at us versus our competition, we're feeling pretty good about our technology and our products, but we do have some work to do on our installed base. Some of our newer competitors don't have, I think, the luxury because I think it's a luxury, because we have huge cash flows and great client retention from our installed base. But it is something that we have to contend with that some of our competitors don't have to contend with.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Sure. Well, I think that -- for starters, in Vantage, using Vantage as an example, which is -- I think fits into the category of our strategic pillars, the attach rate on Vantage for additional products is quite strong. So we're seeing, in addition to traditional ADP would be strong in selling just payroll. And then we would try to add on other things like benefits administration, Time & Labor management, and HR, what we're seeing now is with this kind of HCM cloud-based solution, we're actually selling all of them together quite often. So our attach rates for benefits administration, I believe, are around -- and for Time & Labor Management are 80%. And our new Talent solutions, I think are attaching at around 70%. And so that -- those are meaningful increases, in some cases around twice the attach rate that we had before when we had our legacy platforms that were really standalone, where there was integration but they were not unified, and it wasn't one single database. They were not in every case tightly connected. So we believe that being able to sell those products together, being able to service those products together and delivering that kind of value proposition, I think will be an enhancer to margin and an enhancer to growth, not a detractor. And that same strategy, I think, is something that is a strategy that we're following in major accounts with our Workforce Now platform, where we also have benefits administration, Time & Labor Management and Talent solutions as part of a broad HCM package. And even in our small business market, in RUN, we've added HR solutions, lighter obviously, simpler HR solutions for our clients, and I think help increase the average value of a new business sale. So I -- our strategy is not to go after lower-margin businesses. We, in fact, think that the strategy overall will help us from a margin standpoint going forward.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: The only place where I think it would be fair to assume margin pressure is the more successful some of these products are, the more sales cost pressure we have. But again, I think all of my predecessors have said this, this is a problem that I welcome, like we would welcome having such robust results from a new business booking standpoint that we run into a margin challenge as a result of sales cost. It's not happening now. I hope it happens at some point in the future. But GlobalView would be an example where I think the underlying margins are showing great improvement, the business is healthy, but we've had very large sales expense in the past 3 or 4 years just because of the rapid growth of that business. But you're beginning to see it now actually turn -- I believe, it's going to be breakeven around the fourth quarter of this year. So you just have to look at the margins like we do, and separate out the sales and new business costs from the underlying core margins. And the core margins, we think, are quite positive.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: The onetime licenses in Dealer, I think was not a huge number. We're just trying to give you some color around creating expectations going forward. But as an example, revenues in our -- and that was mainly in the international part of Dealer Services. Our core revenue there grew -- I think it was around 3%, while our license revenues grew 6% to 7%, or somewhere in that range. So they were just slightly higher but in the magnitude of -- on -- in terms of the impact on ADP, the overall ADP results, I would not change anything or modify anything in your models. I was just -- we're just trying to give you some color that there were a lot of things that helped Dealer -- they had a fantastic quarter even if you exclude some of these onetimes, but they got some help from some of these onetime licensing fees and some transactional volume increases. In terms of our cash flow for the year...
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I've learned my lesson. From now on, I will also have all the monthly growth rates so I can be prepared.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I'm sorry, just to clarify, the 1% is really the month of December. It wasn't that much different the other 2 months of the quarter. But I -- my number, we look at pays per control -- it's a point-to-point number, so we typically don't look at it as a quarterly number. We look at it as of a particular month. So it's just one of those internal metrics we use. But it has -- I guess to give you a history, it went negative during the financial crisis that hit the entire globe, and then it actually started trending back to flat and got to flat, and then started turning slightly negative again about 6 to 9 months ago and is now at about negative 1%. And that -- it was almost like a gradual decline to 1%. So you can imagine, it was probably -- it was around 0, 6 to 9 months ago, and now, it's at negative 1%. If you look at past patterns, if the crisis truly has now been -- this next -- this most recent crisis has been averted, it's likely, although it's dangerous to forecast pays per control, it's likely that it won't go much deeper in the negative range. It will begin again to slowly either flatten out or start gradually turning back close to 0 at some point. The labor markets in Europe tend to move much slower. It's very difficult to let people go, and hence, you don't have a precipitous drop in pays per control. But likewise, people are very hesitant to hire for that very reason because they know that it's difficult to let people go, so the pickup in employment also tends to move very gradually. So the bottom line is you shouldn't expect any major changes in that number in the next 2 quarters.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: As a matter of fact, I happened to get some information on that topic last week because we were having some discussions with our National Account sales force, and we wanted to kind of do a comparison of what we were getting in terms of not just total revenue but even on a per-employee basis, in terms of on a per-pay basis, what we were charging for the various components before versus now. Because one of the things we didn't want to do is the overall revenue dollars be higher for a client but be getting smaller per-employee numbers for each individual product, i.e, benefits, payroll, HR, Time & Labor Management, et cetera. So the numbers I saw gave me a lot of comfort that, that was not in fact happening, that we were in fact getting some pricing on a per-product basis that was as good as we were getting in the past, but now we're getting more total revenue because we're having a higher attach rate. So to put it in perspective, it could be anywhere in the 30% to 40% range in terms of additional revenue for a client that 4 or 5 years ago was sold only payroll versus today, they buy benefits and PLM in addition to their payroll.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: That's a great point in terms of from a financial reporting standpoint, that you're getting a pure number that's affecting our revenue growth, not just simply rebooking something that we already had because we're migrating the client. But having said that, just to give you a little bit of color, in the Vantage situation, we believe only 2 of the clients that we've sold of the 40, maybe 3 and maybe 4, but it's a small, relatively small number, are actually existing ADP clients. Those are new logos. So part of that is exciting to me because it's market share, and it's wins in the marketplace. But frankly, we also need to build a lot of capacity. Given how successful we are seeing the platform in the marketplace now, we are very busily trying to build capacity to be able to also migrate clients. Because if the clients that are out in the marketplace want this, our existing clients also want it. And so for the time being, it's a really positive story because it's new market share and it's new logos. But we have 2 move these clients over to this platform. We have to build that capacity. The same is true in major accounts, where there we have a bit more momentum in the sense that we have a very, I think, effective and large plan for migrations of clients onto Workforce Now. And they are, I think, moving along at a quite rapid pace in doing that. And that's also, I think, a great process because as Jan mentioned, it not only creates a stronger relationship with our clients because it's a better product, but it also presents a cross-selling opportunity for some of our additional products. By the way, not to leave -- sorry, not to leave out RUN, we have a very aggressive program to -- we now have 200,000, so more than half of our SBS, Small Business clients, are now on RUN. So this is the time now to step on the accelerator, and that's what we're doing. So our team in Small Business has put together a very, I think, good and aggressive plan for migrating our EasyPay clients over to our new RUN platform. It will still take several years to do it, but I think it's a new day for ADP on these migrations. And I feel -- I think the momentum that people are really, I think, taking it quite seriously. And we're really putting, I think, our money where our mouth is and making sure that we make these transitions happen.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, I'll start with the -- only because I happened to look at it last night, but the margin question, so we're making progress on the margin, so very happy to see the digital marketing group contributing not only positive margin but improving positive margin as well. So very happy about that. I think on -- and it was actually more than double in terms of the margin percent. Although still well below our core DMS margins, the margin more than doubled -- the pretax margin more than doubled versus the prior year, so very happy about that. In terms of growth, the business is growing faster than our core DMS, where I don't think we really want to get into specifics in terms of by how much or what the exact percentages are. But I think it's living up to, I think, our expectations from a growth standpoint. And I think the margins now are starting to get better. It's creating a stronger relationship with our clients, with our Dealer clients. So it's -- I think it's -- I think so far, I think we're very pleased with what's happening. The only caution, which I think we mentioned in our comments, is that, that business, because it is a digital marketing business, tends to have volatility in terms of advertising revenue. So if a car maker is launching a new car, there could be a very large contract that may be only for a few months or for a quarter that generates a lot of revenues that are not necessarily recurring. So that's something that we will continue to try to give you more color about so that you have the proper, I think, ability to plan or to change your models in the future. But this quarter was unusually positive on the revenue side because of some of that lumpiness. But generally speaking, I think we're happy with the business.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think the performance of our organization, again, was -- I think last quarter, this -- when we were having this call, we had just gotten through the hurricane. And I talked about how impressive the -- I think the performance was of our organization and also of our associates all over the world, in that case, that helped us get through that. This was not necessarily on the same scale but certainly really an impressive, impressive performance by our organization to have all of these changes done within 48 hours of them being published. So our clients all had the correct tax tables and the correct withholdings and the correct payroll tax withheld. It's just really -- it's a testament to what ADP can deliver in an outsourced solution versus when you're doing it on your own or you're using software, whether it's cloud-based or not.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: No, I think it was -- I think it -- again, it was -- like the bookings discussion where we have some anecdotal evidence, because we can look at specific clients that last year paid their bonuses in January and this year paid them in December, but we didn't go -- we have 600,000 clients. And so our ability -- we didn't find a way, and we don't have a -- we don't think we have a way of going client by client and seeing which ones paid last year in January versus this year in December. We just took a sample, particularly the very large ones, and we know that some of them paid in December. So that's why we gave you that kind of sense. But we do have some sense of January balances, and I will tell you that it was -- January was still good. And so the shift was -- we clearly saw better results in December than we expected, but there wasn't a huge pullback from January from what we can see now.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: It was all part of the picture that the third -- I think it puts a little bit of pressure, again, it's probably a relatively small number, but we have a few other things that are still pressuring the third versus the fourth. We feel a lot better about the fourth than, I guess, the third, is part of why we're giving you some of this color.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: A great question. Let me just start off by saying that we are a SaaS player, too. And I know I say that every quarter and I say that every meeting, and I think people tend to forget it. Vantage is a SaaS-based, cloud-based, fully integrated, fully unified HCM solution. So having said that, I think you're still right that it's not just about the cloud. It's about functionality and it's about usability. And I think you have done your homework very well, where I think no matter how you deliver the product itself, whether it's on the cloud or not on the cloud, we are still quite successful in the Payroll side. And I'm talking now for this, for purposes of this question, the upper end of our market. So we're very, very successful still in the Payroll space, in part because we always have been, and our solutions, our cloud-based, no different than any other provider would have a cloud-based payroll solution. I think when you get the broader HCM and HR and specifically when you talk about Workday, I think what we've seen so far is I think an ability to win against Workday, certainly in payroll and HR but much harder on the HR side. So we would acknowledge that I think we have work to do I think on the HR side in terms of our competitiveness against specifically Workday. And so they have a great solution that is getting really great traction in the marketplace. As an important reminder, though, we do have a lot of clients who will purchase Workday's HR platform and utilize our payroll platform. So we have the ability to work with and integrate with Workday as we do with Oracle, SAP and others as well. And so we do have ambition of being an HCM player, so we are competitors to some extent with Workday, but we also cooperate and can be the payroll provider if a prospect or someone in the marketplace chooses Workday as their HR provider.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, let me just say that -- we'll have to play back the tape, but I don't think I said that they're much more competitive, but I'll have to go back and -- I say that I think that they're effective. And effectiveness, I think, means a lot of things. It means, I think, momentum, it means marketing, it means a lot of different things. But I think that they are particularly strong in the usability of their products. This is again going by what I would call anecdotal evidence, in terms of what I'm hearing in the marketplace. So I'm just acknowledging where I see their strength. But just to be clear, I think we are very competitive against them, and we are winning, in some cases, in the marketplace against them as well. So I think that our competitive position is quite good, I think, against them. But it doesn't have to always be a competitive situation because we can cooperate and we can work with Workday in situations where a client wants to have a Workday HR solution and wants to have ADP for payroll. And I just -- as again, as a reminder, that's the same -- that is also true for Oracle, SAP and other enterprise resource providers. And I'm sorry, Rod, you had a second part of your question. I'm -- what was it...
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yes, I think that's a fair -- back -- I remember your question now. So the -- in terms of our -- I don't think it's the case that they have better talent solutions than we do. Again, I'm going by anecdotal evidence here, but we have a pretty strong talent portfolio or solution as part of Vantage. I think you heard that we have a 70% attach rate to it. So we feel pretty good about our ability to compete in talent with our products, with Workday and with others as well. I think the particular strength of Workday is in HR and it's in the usability of the product itself. But there is a lot more beneath the surface to a product than a solution. We believe that service is an important component. We believe that feature functionality is also important. So I think there are other places where we can differentiate ourselves and still be successful. And I think we're seeing that, I think, in the marketplace.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: And I think inching is a good -- is a very good description because when you look at our retention rates over the last 3 years, it's been between 91% and 91.2%, so you're talking about a 20 basis point swing, and all of that is in what I call record territory. So our retention, 91.1%, I believe, and 91%, somewhere in that range, was the highest we had been until 2 or 3 years ago when we got to 91.2%, then we went to 91%, now we're probably around 91.2% again. So substantial improvements from '08 and '09 and prior years, but we're at levels now that I think that we're certainly not giving up because we believe that there's still opportunity. But it's in tens of basis points, not in full percentage points from a guidance standpoint. I think that's something you should think about.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: And I think that the -- and the complexity was really the fact that -- the timing because we did have a little bit of a pull-forward because people were anticipating these changes, so that's why we gave you that color. But generally speaking, the payroll tax holiday expiration should -- increases our balances. It's just not a meaningful number in the grand scheme of things in terms of this holiday. Of course, [indiscernible] interest rates are low. If interest rates were at 6%, it might be a different story.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: The improvement in retention was really frankly across the board. Nationals did have -- you have a very good memory, so nationals had some lumpy losses because it's the National Account business, in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, and we did see a big comeback. And so nationals helped a lot. But frankly, major accounts is a big part of our business, and if it's not doing well, it's hard to have a good retention rate. So Major Accounts was also solid. SBS also improved. I think we were happy across the board.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: That would be my plan, yes. I think that it's very important, though, for people to have, I think, good information about just how much work there is to be done. There is a positive in the sense that as we make these changes, in many cases, our strategic platforms -- in fact, I think in all cases, our strategic platforms are version-less. So -- because one could argue that you will always have legacy platforms that you have to convert. But the world is fundamentally different in terms of the cost and the frictional cost, if you will, both to the client and to us, of moving clients to new platforms. And so I do think that the reason I'm so anxious about this transition and this movement, and I think Jan said it well, to me, it's a strategic issue. Because I think in 2, 3, 4 years, however long it takes us, we will be in a very different position competitively, margin-wise, new business-wise. We're just going to be a much stronger, much better company. We're well on our way already because we have the new products, and our migrations already are well underway because we've got a lot of momentum. But when we're done, it's going to be a much stronger company and I think in a better situation for us. And we're going to try to deliver examples of that over the next year or 2 in pockets, so that we can show to ourselves, to our own associates and also to the external world the power of simplicity and the power of having most of our clients on strategic platforms.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I just want to thank you again for joining us today. As you could tell from our tone, we're very pleased with our second quarter results. It's nice to see some of the underlying margin improvements at the segment level, and I think continued robust growth on the revenue line as well. Our business continues to perform well. As we mentioned in a couple of places, we're continuing to grow market share. We continue to be committed to our shareholders as you saw from our dividend increase. We continue to buy share repurchases when it makes sense. We continue to do everything we can to enhance shareholder value, which we believe is primarily driven by just growing our business. So growth is our focus. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter, and we thank you again for joining us today. Thanks.
Jan Siegmund: And Carlos, if I might add, for one, mid- and up-market solutions, you will know that ADP has a strong market position in benefit administration services for our mid- and up-market clients, and we do see a healthy interest of those clients into our solutions, leveraging ADP strength in the compliance and overall understanding of the health care reform. So we think there could be a positive impact on our mid- and up-market business due to the health care reform and pending buying decisions.
Jan Siegmund: No, we have price increase in our revenue base consistent with prior years, so really no change dramatically in the pricing environment [ph].
Jan Siegmund: Yes, if you would think about our client growth that we have across the enterprise, we continue to see at the same solid trend that we have reported in prior quarters and prior years. So we really continue to chug along to grow faster than overall enterprise numbers in the U.S. growth, so we are confident that we're gaining share really in most of our segments.
Jan Siegmund: If I add one component to this is just -- Carlos mentioned we had strong national account sales momentum in the quarter, and that extended actually into our multinational solutions. So our GlobalView and Streamline solutions were among the fastest growers for the quarter. And that, of course, has impact for our European operations because they benefit from some of those multinational deals that we record in the multinational. So continued success in the upmarket with our -- and with our GlobalView and Streamline solutions. That was a good quarter for that product set.
Jan Siegmund: Yes, I think, Carlos, you put it -- Vantage, our upmarket product, is performing to our expectations for the year. So we are satisfied with the win-loss rates that we have in competitive situations for that product set as well as with the overall volume that we are booking as of year-to-date, and that team is optimistic for the year. We could have -- we have a similar story, as you have followed for a long time, of course, for RUN and Workforce Now, really very big revenue carriers in ADP, which important for us and we can see -- we continue to see the competitive strength of those products in those markets. In addition to the focus on R&D in our strategic platforms, I think aided that success is our continued focus on migrating our clients onto those latest platforms. And it probably contributes as much to our competitiveness by having our clients on the latest platforms and particularly in our major accounts segment, we're making very good progress according -- compared to our expectations with our migrations also. So overall, more competitive product for more clients of ours would be my assessment.
Jan Siegmund: And with respect to the margins of our cloud-based platforms that are already well penetrated in major accounts as well as in SBS, you see them in our today's margin. And compared to our existing platforms, they are high-margin businesses for the strategic platforms. So I don't think it is a good assumption to systematically anticipate lower margin for our cloud-based solutions.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. So we expect cash flow to be just growing in line with the business, approximately between $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion. In the first quarter, you saw a few onetime items flowing through that you should reconcile out of this. So $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion for the year is probably a good estimate.
Jan Siegmund: December was a little bit slower. We saw a little bit slowing towards the end of the quarter here. I think that's a fair question, and which leads us also to this assessment of the impact of the fiscal cliff and the delayed buying decision.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. As we report our new bookings number, they are either -- that reports only incremental revenue opportunity for ADP. So when we migrate a client from an old platform to a new platform and there's no revenue impact, we would not record this as new bookings in our number. So you'll see our new bookings number is a really pure number of additions to our recurring revenue base. That's how the system is designed. And we do see, as Carlos reports, that actually clients that migrate from legacy platform and major accounts up to the Workforce Now platform, that in a good number of 30%, 40% of the times, the clients actually expand the products that they buy with us because the new platforms offers this. And we would book the additional revenue as sales but not the existing revenue. So what you see is really all incremental to ADP, and no migration revenue is included in our net new bookings.
Jan Siegmund: No. I -- you should -- there is no impact on the late implementation. Actually, compliments to our teams out in the field and in the development. Within hours after the release of the IRS instructions on the new rates, we were processing the payrolls on the new rates. We have it quite pat down now to really anticipate late action by the legislative branch of the country. So it went very well, and I think our clients benefited from a very quick implementation of this. So there should be no impact on the cost side from that.
Jan Siegmund: If I add one comment to this, is the new tax laws, of course, changed the rates for some of our high-earning employees, and so there's an impact on the balances going forward that is small, though. But particularly the time between January and December is hence a little bit muddled. New rates coming in and pull-forward of some of the payroll processing. So it's really probably not wise to give you precise numbers on it, more a direction.
Jan Siegmund: So I think for the quarter, we mentioned in our prepared remarks that the 80% improvement was partially aided by an easier grow-over compared to the prior year's quarter where we had a large client loss that we reported also separately. I think the range is probably 60% of the improvement was aided by this 1 client grow-over thing. And if you take that out, you would still see about a 20 basis points improvement for the year -- for this quarter. And I caution you to read too much in the 20% improvement. It's solid. We have solid client service and we see really no specific trends and changes in retention that would be worth reporting. And also the second quarter is not a very large loss quarter for us, so the volume, it tends to be a little bit lower. So my comment would be we'll continue on the steady path of delivering good service, and ever so much inching our retention up a little bit is probably a fair description.
Jan Siegmund: I do think you're exactly right. Obviously, we do collect now more taxes, but federal taxes have short withholding times. And also on the margin, the interest we earn for incremental balances is really very low. So the bottom line impact of the balance increase is really not material for our purposes of discussion.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. As we introduced the Vantage, we made that decision to focus on our competitiveness and new client wins, so that is a choice of ours. And we have seen a wide range of wins in clients that we booked from a couple of 10,000 large client to our standard National Accounts clients of -- I think, we're averaging now approximately 4,000-employee-size clients. We see them in a variety of industries. So the part of our optimism, although the numbers are still small, is that we see an ability to win in a variety of industry segments as well as sizes, as well as different competitors. So when we look at this now, the numbers become very small, but we have wins against all the competitors you would be thinking of. We have wins in a variety of industries that are important to us strategically, and we are able to win very large clients and smaller type of clients. So the balance is kind of a part of the positive assessment.
Jan Siegmund: And I was saying it's really not for me to answer, my boss should answer, but I'll give you an idea. With our focus on product and innovation that really Carlos with his strategic emphasis, but -- to focus for the company, I think we have a great setup now, really improved to where it was before, under my leadership. And that is our CIO, Mike Capone, now has full product responsibility including the product management and product feature design as well as the R&D effort around it. So we have really a seasoned executive who is driving that success to the fullest. And then Carlos is in the process of filling my more strategic-oriented position, and that's -- that process is underway.
