Carlos Rodriguez: Thanks, Kathleen. Before we move on to the Q&A, I just wanted to share with you an excerpt of one of the many notes we received from our clients that that captures how we want to define ourselves. This one said, we are a small business that has used ADP for quite a few years now, every time we call there has been a knowledgeable professional at ADP that immediately solves the problem and answers the question.We recently needed payroll data to apply for the COVID-19 payroll protection program. I immediately went to ADPs website to see how I should go about selecting and downloading the required payroll data. Imagine the relief when opening the screen there was a COVID-19 pop-up that proactively provided your clients with the payroll data needed, I was floored. This type of customer service is unheard of these days. We just want to tip our hats to everyone ADP for a great job. As this client suggests, the value of a true HCM partner becomes even more critical at times like these. And it continues to be our goal to exceed the expectations of our clients.And with that I'll turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
Carlos Rodriguez: Great question, we're obviously keeping our eye on that. Unfortunately what we have is really kind of limited anecdotal evidence that people are beginning to get money to be able to continue their payroll, they continue to pay people. As an example, a few days ago I was forwarded a letter that was sent to – an email that was sent to one of our associates from a client that was grateful for kind of the help that we gave them in applying for the loan and they sent a kind of a screenshot of their bank account that had $10 the previous day and then now had $84,000, like indicating that they have gotten their money from the SBA deposited into their commercial bank account. But I think as you've heard same as us in the press, the process has been given the magnitude of the scale of the challenge it's been a difficult process both for the SBA and I think for the banks, we've tried to do our part to help and we're optimistic and we're hopeful that it will make a difference and that there will be rehiring and that it will at least in some respects stop the furloughing and the elimination of jobs going forward. But unfortunately it's just a little too early for us to give you any kind of concrete evidence other than some anecdotal stories that money is making its way into the bank accounts of small businesses.
Carlos Rodriguez: I mean, clearly we have to be nimble, and I think remain open to making further adjustments, but I think it's safe to say that if you go back over the course of decades, the concept of “outsourcing” and now what some people would call the SaaS models, which I think ADP was kind of one of the pioneers of, I think by definition, lend themselves to these kinds of remote work environments, whether it's for the technology people, because we generally obviously host and maintain and update the – all of the systems for our clients. But also through the variety of portals we have for our clients and the employees of our clients. All of the information that anyone needs is available online through all the tools we have to access that information, whether it's for the payroll practitioners or for the employees of our clients. Including, when you think about the app that we have for the employees of our clients to be able to check whether they've gotten paid, they can check their hours; they can make changes to 401(k). There's no really no need to move paper or for anyone to be in the office to do that kind of work. So clearly there will be things that we will learn and we'll probably hear in the early innings of this kind of new talent and how it might affect our products. But I think in general as an industry, it's not just for ADP, I think in general for us as an industry we're pretty well positioned I think for this kind of work environment.
Carlos Rodriguez: Yes. It's clear, like every time that we have, whether it's an economic downturn or now this is obviously a new challenge, there's always questions about, will this drive greater adoption? I think intellectually it makes sense that this would drive greater outsourcing and greater adoption of a SaaS, but it's kind of hard to make that statement kind of where we are today, but theoretically and intellectually two or three years from now, there should be more demand and more people using SaaS solutions than there are today.
Carlos Rodriguez: So we're trying to actually keep an eye on it week-to-week to get some sense of what levers there are still there. We clearly still have, our sales force is still selling and they're selling a lot of business, but at lower level than obviously we had expected and in lower levels and you compare it to the previous year. So unfortunately given the nature of the situation, it's kind of difficult to give you a kind of scientific or concrete answer. I think as we generate more information, I think probably for our guidance for next fiscal year, we'll be able to – I know that's not helpful to you today, but it's really a very difficult thing to talk about.We have a lot of, our salesforce was already what we call an inside salesforce and so we've proven that we can sell through insight selling, but we have some products that are what I would call high involvement decision sales. And it doesn't mean that those can't be done remotely. But it hasn't been the norm. So when you sell a very large complicated multinational solution, or frankly, even when you sell the PEO, historically there's been a relationship that's built there and a trust that gets built before that transaction gets consummated.So it clearly, this is – these are new and different times. So I don't think everyone is going to sit and wait around for everything to go back to normal before making decisions. But I think it's safe to assume, I think common sense would tell us that it's safe to assume that, there will be some level of hesitation and pull back in terms of decision making. Even though a good percentage of our salesforce is still outselling as they have before, although they're doing it virtually now.
Carlos Rodriguez: So we did have a number of transformation initiatives underway. A lot of them were really around digital transformation efforts to kind of automate and improve the way our implementation or our services is delivered, which would create a better experience for our clients, the employees of our clients, frankly also for our associates that we thought would result in lower costs going forward. Yes, part of the challenge we have is as and again, every company may be different in terms of how they approach their level of support for their clients, but based on our model and the way we see ourselves playing a role, and frankly in society and with our clients, we've actually experienced quite an increase in volume and cost in the short-term.And so as an example, as the government rolled out the payroll protection program, we saw 40% to 50% spikes in inquiries right through whether it's phone or chat or by or by email. And so we had to work people overtime. We had to work people on weekends, which we're very grateful that people were willing to do, because you can imagine they've got lots of other concerns and distractions as this is all going on. And so we made a commitment that we're going to deliver to our clients through this and help them work through it, whether it's for themselves or for their employees. And unfortunately, I would say in the short-term, we actually have an increase in cost.Now, realistically that's not going to continue indefinitely. But every week that we said we think our call volumes and our workloads are going to go down, there's a new government program or a change in the government program, which by the way we think is great. I think that the efforts by the Fed and by policy makers, I think to help clients and their employees, I think is the right thing to do and we're very supportive. But as an example, there was just, as you know, there was an approval of an additional amount for the payroll protection program, which generates additional volume for us. By the way, I think the banks are in the same – probably in the same situation in terms of how having to handle kind of increase the volumes. And so we expect these levels to normalize and then to be in a position where we can reevaluate our cost structure, but again, given the timing of this call and where we are today, we really can't tell you that there has been a meaningful decline in our workloads. In fact, it's actually been an increase.
Carlos Rodriguez: I think if I can just one more just comment, I think that the – the part of the challenge here is that we are – the nature of our company and our business and our Board is to not focus on one month or one quarter. And I think when you look at we're able to deliver just in this quarter in terms of margin improvement and we've been able to do in the last couple of years, I think demonstrates very clearly our ability to, I think achieve and take advantage of operating leverage and also to manage our cost very effectively.We've had a couple of years with a very modest, if any cost – true cost increases while revenues were growing at what for us is our very healthy rates. So I think we've demonstrated what we can, what we can do, but unfortunately we've been handed a very abrupt change here in the environment and we're going to handle it first to take care of our associates, next take care of our clients. And I think when we get through this transitory period, which we all know is transitory, now we don't know is a transitory for a month or two or is it transitory for six months. But either way it's not multiple years and we want to make sure that we continue to invest in our business, take care of our people and take care of our clients that when we come out of this, we come out of it as strong as we were before we went into it.
Carlos Rodriguez: It's a great, question. So we have, as you know we operate in multiple countries and offer multiple segments; small business, midsize national accounts, but also in many countries and also multinational companies. And the policies that companies have around how they treat employees is going to vary from company-to-company and generally also varies from segment-to-segment. But what we can tell you is that, the way we count pays per control is very straightforward. It's whether or not someone got paid during that period of time that we're counting. And so we would not probably be able to give you a firm number of how many people are furloughed versus how many people are laid-off because we don't control necessarily that coding in the system. And clients can exercise some discretion about how they, I guess tagged some of their employees.But what we do know is that if somebody doesn't get paid, they don't get counted in pays for control. And if they do get paid, even if it's at a reduced wage, that does count and so that creates a number of challenges obviously. Because you could have reduced wage levels, which then doesn't negatively impact pays per control, but impacts the employees themselves. And may in some cases, impact our fees generally wouldn't other than in the PEO, but could impact our fees as well.So I would say that the best thing to do is to stick to – trying to use the pays per control metric as a way of building your models and using the guidance that we provided around 25 basis points of revenue growth, impact from each 1% change in pays per control. I think that gives you a very – we spent a lot of time pressure testing that assumption. I think Danny did a lot of work on it and I think that's a pretty solid way for you to look at things. So when you hear guidance from us about pays per control and you use that metric for your model, I think that's a much cleaner and easier way than to try to separate how many are furloughs versus how many are layoffs, et cetera, et cetera.
Carlos Rodriguez: I think you do see some subtle differences in terms of company cultures and I think behavior. So as an example, one of the things that we have always, I think, trying to talk about is this willingness by us to really help our clients navigate through things, not just provide them the software solution. We actually took some responsibility for the outcomes of what they're trying to accomplish. And so the support we're providing around all these regulatory, I think is an example of that. That doesn't mean that other competitors aren't doing similar things.But as an example, some competitors would be more along the lines of providing tools online and directing clients to third parties or directing them to resources where they could get help versus in our case, we actually take the work on and we help our clients get to where they need to get in order to get their retention credit, tax credit, in order to get their payroll protection loan, in order to calculate in a few weeks or at least in a couple of months people are going to be needing help with calculating how to get forgiveness on those loans. I mean, there – this is a complicated environment by the way employment in general is always complicated. But this is a very complicated environment and having great tools and technology is incredibly important and we're totally committed to that. But I think it's undeniable that you also need extra help in these situations to help with questions and to help you navigate through the all the various regulatory hurdles.As an example, some of the legislation that was passed in the U.S., you have to really understand the interplay like, as an example, you can't take advantage of the deferral social security taxes and the payroll protection loans, but if you – you can take advantage of the social security deferrals up until you can get a loan, but then once it's forgiven, you can no longer defer your social security taxes. I mean those are things that are typically not well understood by our client base and I think just directing them to a website or to a tool, we don't think is really the – is the best way to help them.
Carlos Rodriguez: First of all, thanks for asking about our families. I hope yours is well also. Unfortunately, I mean it's a very fair question and I can understand why you're looking for any additional color. It's – as you can imagine, we struggled with even providing kind of fourth quarter metrics, because, two, three, four weeks ago, we had – or people had a certain view of how long “the issue is going to continue” and when things were going to open up again. And then it got more negative and now it feels like it's gotten more positive. So I think that it's very difficult for us to go really beyond the fourth quarter in this environment.We have to remain optimistic that things are going to “improve” but I think that we all have to take advantage of the time we have to wait and see how things play out, whether it's with the clients or with GDP or with the economy, or with these government programs, so that we can make more informed, I think, decisions about what 2021, I think, might look like. So I apologize for not being able to give you any additional color. But I think it would be a mistake to assume that the levels of activity that we've given you in the fourth quarter will continue into 2021, but it's also a mistake to assume that things are going to go back to normal at the beginning of 2021. And so we're going to keep an eye on the data and the information and do our best as we gather more information to give you a good view of what's going to happen in 2021 when we get there.
Carlos Rodriguez: Well, I think based on the comments we gave you about the third quarter and the year-to-date, I think we're doing pretty well competitively, because I think our retention was up. I mean we don't talk about quarterly retention, but why not like everything's out the window in this kind of environment. But I think we were over 50 basis points improvement in the third quarter and through the year-to-date. I think we were well ahead of both the guidance, we had provided in our own internal expectations. So it's pretty clear that we were doing something right competitively.Our NPS scores are at record levels across most of our businesses. So again, the problem is this is not the time to brag and talk about the third quarter, but we really had incredible momentum coming into the third quarter on a number of fronts, but that's that and we're onto now figuring out how to deal with the future challenges, but I have no concerns about the solidity of our business on every front coming into the third quarter.
Carlos Rodriguez: Well, over the next 12 months to 18 months is probably the right focus, because I mean, I think it'd be naive to think there aren't some things are going to change permanently, but I'm not sure I have that, that kind of crystal ball to be precise about that. But for the next 12 months to 18 months, because of the focus we have on our associates, it's unlikely that we will be going back to business as usual here in the next few months.Now the good news is we've adapted to the current work environment. So, but – I kind of concrete change in terms of the next 12 months, 18 months is we don't anticipate having a 100% of our workforce back working in these one locations and some of these other places where we have large populations of associates. And so that's a change that we have to make sure that we stay on top of, that we support our people and lead them remotely and virtually and help them kind of navigate through what's a very different way of working.Now obviously we plan on, as society kind of normalizes, we plan on coming along for the ride with us. So we do a lot of formulating plans as we speak, very preliminary plans around how do we slowly get back into some of our offices with limited number of personnel, but that's a change that we're definitely going to have to continue to live with for the next 12 months to 18 months. Now, what that means is that impacts our salesforce and so the question is, if the demand equation improves significantly and our salesforce is still working remotely, how can we make sure that they have the right tools and the right processes to continue to take advantage of the demand that's out there.Because we don't anticipate having large numbers of salespeople back in our offices, our salespeople, by definition, many of them are inside sales, but many of them are out in face-to-face transactions. And that's not something that's going to normalize in the next 12 months to 18 months. Sadly, I'm sad to report that of the number of associates that we had impacted by COVID-19, we were disproportionately impacted in our salesforce. So as we go back to normalization, we're going to be exceptionally careful about protecting our salesforce as well.
Carlos Rodriguez: Well I think the – again, we're looking at, we get information from all of the usual places like Morgan Stanley is obviously our banks, so they've been very helpful in getting us their information, but we have access to information from a number of other sources. I don't want to say any of the names, so I don't hurt anybody's feelings, but all the usual banks we get the information from them. We have information from Moody's, by the way we also work with the fed. We work with treasury. We have a lot of sources of information to give us some sense of kind of where things are headed.The challenges that I don't think anyone has really well – I don't think, I know that no one has ever been through this. So there really aren't any great models other than using inputs like PMIs or consumer confidence and other metrics that tend to be many of the metrics that people use in these models are lagging indicators.And you have regression that gives you some sense of where the economy is headed. But, as I’ve seen myself in the last four to five weeks, you have to take any forecasts with a large grain of salt. So the best approach we think you can have right now is to remain flexible and agile about how you're planning and what you're planning for. If I were – if we had to make a bet today, we would say that, it's not going to be a V-shaped recovery and it's probably not going to be a U or an L, but it's going to be some other kind of shape where we obviously already had the precipitous decline. We’ve already seen some signs of some stabilization. So we have metrics that we track like in our HR systems of our clients.For example, new job postings or number of screenings that are done, like background checks and some of those metrics have actually begun to stabilize. So I think we've had the abrupt drop. Now the question is the recovery, it feels like that recovery will be not a V, but not an L. And so the difference between V and L is a check Mark. Like I think some people are out there quoting, by the way we have an economist on our board and he referred to as a Nike Swoosh, but that's probably a copyright or trademark violation. So I won't use the Nike Swoosh, but you get the idea of rough drop and hopefully a climb back up over some period of time. Hopefully that client is over the course of three to six months and not over the course of 12 months to 18 months.
Carlos Rodriguez: Well, look I think that some of this is philosophical. I think that I like everyone else when we were entering this space I was scared like everyone else's, not just personally for myself and my family, but also for the company and all of our associates and our clients that depend on us.And when you see the reaction and the ability of the organization to kind of get through it and not just get through it, but actually deliver a higher level of service and help with very complicated questions in a very complicated situation, which was changing in some cases on a daily basis with the regulatory landscape. I think it tells you something about the strength of the culture and of the company. And so that gives me, again, this is all intellectual philosophical, but I think it gives me great hope about how we emerge from this competitively.We already had incredibly strong momentum going in to the third quarter, as you saw from retention we think we have a strong product lineup that was beginning to get traction. One of the things we didn't talk about when someone asked the question about our competitive situation, like we had really good growth in client counts, particularly in Workforce Now and specifically in our mid-market business. So the combination of positive momentum and coming into this and then the reaction and the strength of the organization through this gives me great optimism and hope that we're going to come out of this stronger than any of our competitors.
Carlos Rodriguez: I think the number one reason is really just structural in the sense that when you look at overall ADP, we have clients all the way from a single employee all the way to very large national accounts. And so as we've said – we said this obviously over multiple decades, our down market business tends to be the most sensitive to other business but also to decreases in pays per control. And so as we track this pays per control data, I think we've probably given you some of the color that the pays per control numbers are down more in the down market than they are in the mid and the up market.The PEO, at least in our case, the PEO tends to – the average sized client, just from a practical standpoint is 45 and we tend to – we try to stay away from clients that are under 10 employees. We have some clients obviously that are between five and 10 employees, but in general, the sweet spot of the PEO is kind of around 45, that's the average. And so it's just the nature of the structural difference of that business versus the others that the pays per control is not going to decline as much as the overall average, if you will, where you have some of that average being in the small business and in the small business market.And then the second more anecdotal comment would be the PEO clients. Our PEO clients, not every PEO clients, our PEO clients tend to provide health benefits or retirement plan, they tend to be kind of higher average wages in the average U.S. worker. And that makes sense because you're paying for the help that you get with maximizing and managing that Salesforce. So it tends to be attractive to a higher average wage employer that is very concerned with attracting the right people and retaining the right people. So that also tends to lead you in the direction of clients that are a little bit larger, maybe a little bit more financially capable of paying those fees, et cetera. So that – but that not – not sure that we can have a scientific way of proving that one, but for sure the average size client of a PEO, our PEO is larger than in our SBS business and hence the pays per control drop would logically be smaller.
Carlos Rodriguez: Okay. So I'm glad you asked that question, as I happened to talk to our Chairman yesterday, before this call because I figured somebody might ask that question. It's a tricky question because as you know, it's up to the board to decide on our dividend, but I can tell you this, that we had a board meeting on April 8, and the board approved an increase and a payment of our dividend. And they wouldn't have done that if they had concerns in the short or medium-term about our capital position or about our dividends.So again, without speaking for the board, I think we have a very long 45 year track record of paying and increasing our dividend. We have a strong balance sheet. We are a capital light business with strong cash generation. Our payout ratio is 55% to 60%, which I think gives us some room to be able to continue even with increases without running into any major capital constraints or restrictions on our investing. So I would feel optimistic that our board would be supportive of continuing the long track record. ADP has of 45 years as it stands. And I'll let Kathleen maybe make a comment or two about that as well.
Carlos Rodriguez: Great question, I'll let Danny pull up the calculator too, because I'm sure you're right about the dropping greater, there’s no intention, there's no signaling or anything intended there, maybe rounding or the math or something. But there's no magic formula there that we're trying to send some kind of message. I mean, we think the PEO business is solid and strong and I think tends to whether recession is better. Again, every time you have a recession, it's a different kind of recession. So we had a financial crisis last time, this time it's a health crisis. So I'm always cautious of making kind of bold definitive statements. But historically we've always worried about the PEO going into a recession or into a crisis being challenged, because it does tend to be a kind of a more expensive, if you will – solution, if you will, but it also provides an enrollment with higher amount of value, and during these types of situations, like for example, our PEO handles the questions not just of our clients, but of the employees of our clients.That's not what we generally do for our typical payroll. That helps our clients a lot and we leave them of a big burden and provide those employees a lot of confidences, a lot of real positives and good reasons why people want to stay on a PEO or why they want to be on a PEO even in a recessionary environment. So I would say that, in the prior recessions, the PEO was not immune, just like it's not this time from pays per control decreases and from some short-term disruptions with new bookings. But we've been impressed, I've been through now, I guess this is my third recession at ADP and at least the prior to the PEO performed on a relative basis as well, if not better than the rest of our business. And we would expect no different on a go forward basis.
Carlos Rodriguez: I think the first one that we're keeping our eye on is really these leading indicators, if you will. So this would be job postings and background checks. And so that I think is – those are I think the job postings is obvious in the sense that people aren't really going to post new positions if they think that things are not going to at some point improve. So to me, that's a sign that people are doing the same thing we're doing, which is we're conservative and we're cautious, but we have to be prepared for every eventuality in including the optimistic one.And so this increase in postings, job postings to me means that people are starting to think of, well, if in two, three, four weeks this state or this industry has some kind of opening, I need to make sure that I have the people available to handle that work, because these are business owners that obviously have to run their businesses.And then secondly, when they actually do that, then they actually have to put that person through the new hiring process which is the screening and selection. And so we're going to keep an eye on those two figures. Then closely behind that, I think is a – we have a very large workforce management business or some people would call time and attendance. And so that is also data that is very helpful in terms of seeing number of hours worked. It doesn’t always help you a lot with an exempt workforce, but for people who are paid hourly, it's a very good indicator that kind of cuts through the noise of furloughs and layoffs and so forth and so on, just kind of gives you some sense of “hours worked and whether that is increasing or not increasing” so that should show an upturn before we see upturns in other things, because people will take the existing people they have now and just have them work longer hours rather than adding additional people. So the addition of people will probably be the final I think sign of a of recovery, but we have a number of other indicators that we can look at that gives us an earlier view of where we're headed.
Carlos Rodriguez: So it's hard to kind of find the words to close the call out and describe the situation that we're in. But trying to end on an optimistic note here, I've been now with ADP 20 years. And I've been through, I just mentioned two recessions, this is my third, been through Y2K, which most of the people on the call don't even remember. Danny, certainly doesn't remember Y2K, he was too young, through 9/11, we'd been through wars, we've been through multiple changes in technology, nobody was even talking about SaaS when I joined ADP. And every time we had a challenge it looked like that was a challenge that we couldn't overcome.But every time ADP overcame that challenge and it's no different, I think for the rest of – in this case, humanity because this is affecting not just the U.S. but it's affecting the entire world. People in ADP find a way to evolve and to adapt. So I have to be optimistic, we have a propensity to overcome. If not, we wouldn't be here talking to you today, whether it's us as human beings or us as a company. By the way, as I've said multiple times in other calls, we're 70 years old and I think as a company, and I think that tells you something, we're a part of a very long history of overcoming challenges and this one is going to be no different.And I'll leave you with something that I shared with our associates at the beginning of the crisis, which is something that our Founder, Henry Taub, I think established as a culture for the company that I think is appropriate. And he always told us and he told me because I knew him personally, he told me always take care of your associates and they will take care of your clients and everything else will take care of itself.So I really appreciate the support of all of you for ADP. Thank you for calling in and asking your questions and my best wishes to all of you for health and safety for you and your families. Thank you.
Kathleen Winters: And I think if I could just, yes, if I could just add to that. I think you had asked about, I couldn't quite hear, but I think you had asked about Lifion and any updates to that and changes to our view on go-to-market. I would say over the longer term, while certainly this year looks like things have slowed down at least for a little bit, I'd say over the long-term, no change to how we're thinking about that. And we're got a handful of live clients. We're continuing to sell clients on and implement clients on Lifion, and we're encouraged about the long-term prospects there.
Kathleen Winters: So, Tien-Tsin if I could just – let me just add a little bit more to that because I made some comments on our transformation efforts and transformation work even with the significant increase in service demand. So, even with this kind of very abrupt disruption and need to move our entire – practically our entire workforce to work from home. We will able to do that almost seamlessly. I mean, that worked really well through the huge, huge efforts of many of the different parts of the organization, from our technology groups to our HR to legal. I mean, it was a huge effort, but it worked well and so that we've been able to continue our normal processes, if you will around transformation work. There were certainly some projects that we have to look at and assess and say, okay, because of the big service demands we may need to slow down these.But our process in terms of tracking progress, continuing to execute, adjusting as necessary based on service demands and importantly continuing to look at pipeline of projects, that continue and I would just add one further comment that in particular in this environment, the ability to look at procurement and find procurement opportunities is potentially even greater today than it was, say three or four months ago.
Kathleen Winters: Yes, maybe I could just add a few comments around the process and what we're doing in the data that we're looking at. Hence, while as Carlos said, we can't really give you the view right now or the exact guidepost, at least if you'll understand and know the process we're going that might help a little bit. So, look, things are, as Carlos said, it's extremely fluid right now. We're spending a lot of time studying and watching developments every single day and kind of looking at, I think about it in three steps if you will, in terms of first understanding what's happening from a pandemic standpoint and the epidemiology. Then understanding how that impacts the economy broadly around the world and then understanding how that impacts each of the business. So as we do that, obviously we're looking at numerous forecasts that I'm sure you all are looking at the same forecast that are being put out.But we're really spending a lot of time in parsing through those and kind of eliminating outliers and really utilizing the ones that we feel makes the most sense, and then applying that to you know, as I said, the implications for our business units and when you do that, as we've said largely PPC is going to be extremely significant driver for us. And then certainly the shape of the recovery from a new business booking standpoint will be critically important, so we're watching that as well as we see different regions and states kind of formulating and attempting the return to work.
Kathleen Winters: Yes. Let me just add to that – Yes, I would just add to that, in addition to the great service that we've been able to provide to our clients throughout this, which theoretically ideally should sustain or drive even better retention going-forward. I would say the strength of our balance sheet and the ability to continue to invest aligned with what we laid out at our Innovation Day for investing in our strategic products and Workforce Now and RUN and our next gen product, our ability to continue to do that throughout this should position us well.
Kathleen Winters: Yes, thank you. You covered it really well for us, I would just say in support of enabling the board to make dividend decisions, we in a normal basis do ongoing analysis and stress testing and have been continuing to do that through this environment. So we've been doing, looking really closely at that stress testing. So, I really don't have anything to add beyond what Carlos commented.
