Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think Jan probably can give you specifics on the numbers on Vantage. Just in terms of -- I'll make a couple of general comments that really the growth for the quarter was really strong across the board. So we typically don't get into specific percentages by business unit, but it was well into the double digits for each of the segments that you mentioned and some of them actually got into the high-double digits. So it was really an impressive performance in the quarter. And really, across the year, we had very good performance across all the segments as well. So I can't tell you how pleased we are because, as we've mentioned many times before, for us to be able to lift the organic revenue growth of our business, given that it's a recurring revenue business, there's really no other way to do it other than to drive multiple years of double-digit new bookings growth, while at the same time, either holding onto or slightly improving our client retention, which we did this year. So this is a very important part of our acceleration of our organic growth and we're very pleased with the results in the fourth quarter. And Jan probably has the numbers on Vantage.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I'm going to let Jan answer that question, but I was just looking at my numbers and I just want to clarify that, for the quarter, we did have, in the upmarket, was slightly below double digit. So I want to make sure that I got my facts right. For the year, the upmarket actually grew in the low-20s, so still incredibly pleased with the year. And the comparable for the quarter, last year, they had very, very high growth, which I can't -- I won't even say what it was, they had a very, very difficult comparable. I just want to make sure that I got my facts straight. So Jan, if you want to, on the price increase.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: A great question. And I'll start just by talking a little bit about on the last point that you just made, which is an incredibly important one to us for a number of reasons, so the issue of around how much of the improvement in '13 and forecasted for '14 comes from productivity versus headcount growth. As you can imagine, it gives us tremendous operating leverage in our business model if that we can accelerate our new bookings growth, while we are getting better productivity out of the sales force. In other words, we don't have to add as much headcount growth as we get growth in new bookings, it's a very powerful lever for us in terms of our business model. And that's what we've done over the last couple of years. In fiscal '13, more than half of our growth came from productivity improvements versus headcount growth. For next year, for fiscal '14, and the way we typically plan our years is to have about half of the growth coming from productivity and half from headcount growth. And as you can see, we exceeded that target this year in '13. So that's really how we plan our sales force headcount and our productivity. In terms of how we get that productivity, besides really having excellent execution in providing hopefully better tools and helping our sales force be more productive, hiring the right people, et cetera, all those things, the other thing that we think we're doing is we're providing them great products for them to be able to win in the marketplace and win more often. And so the strategy that we have of focusing more on innovation and on product, I think is related to trying to drive sales force productivity because it is an important lever in the overall P&L for ADP to drive some reasonable level of productivity as we try to grow that new bookings number. In terms of our confidence for next year, it's a great question. As we finished the year as strong as we did, as you can probably imagine, we had to adjust some of our plans internally in order to be to able maintain that 8% to 10% forecast that we're committed to, which made it even more difficult for folks in the field because the strong finish really creates a need to sell even more in the following year. But our confidence is really related to the years that we've had, over the last 2 or 3 years, of being able to execute around that half productivity and half headcount growth and really achieving the numbers that you've seen we've been able to achieve over the last couple of years. So there's no question that it gets harder as you go forward and you continue to execute well, but that's really our job, is to continue to march forward and deliver those kinds of results so that we can continue to lift that organic growth. I will add that, when we have these kinds of strong finishes in the fourth quarter, which we have a number of levers and place to drive, so we have a lot of incentives to drive sales force results, particularly toward the end of a fiscal year, we do have sometimes end up starting soft at the beginning of the following quarter. So if you look at our history, we have had some soft first quarters after -- following up on 1.25 years like the one that we just had. So we're still very confident based on what we're seeing in terms of our products and our headcount plans and our historical productivity improvements that we will achieve the full year result. But my sense would be that we will get off to a slow start here in July.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, the -- just to be clear, in terms of the retention improvement, also, was really across the board. We had softness in a subsegment of one of our segments, a very small business and we really had great retention across the board. So what do we attribute it? I think, in part, to better competitive position, but there's just a lot of people doing a lot of great things around client service. I mean, this is -- our culture besides this strong focus we have on new business bookings to help grow our business organically, we have an equal focus on client retention. Because any slippage in client retention makes it harder and harder to grow organically, despite whatever number we get on new business bookings because, obviously, we're losing it out the bottom, it's hard to replace it on the top. And so we have a lot of work being done by literally thousands of associates and leaders trying to provide stellar service to our clients so that they stay with us longer and longer and that's exactly what we've been able to do. And I think it's a cultural issue across all of ADP and it's been around for decades. And I think we're just -- happen to be executing really well over the last couple of years. And there is some bumpiness in that number. As you recall, last year's fourth quarter, we had a couple of large losses in our upmarket related to mergers and other factors. And as we expected that kind of bounce back, so that does make fourth quarter comparable, I think, relatively easy. But having said that, when you look at the full year results, the 40 basis point improvement and the fact that it's really across the board in all of the segments, is incredibly pleasing. And I think -- I wish there were a simple answer as to what we've done to be able to accomplish that, but it's a number of different things. I think the product strength helps. The fact that we're migrating clients I think, believe it or not, helps even though in the short term, it is hard because sometimes trying to get clients to migrate, in theory, creates some risk. But what we've seen so far in our key products is that we really have probably strengthened our position versus the competition by taking our client off of some of our older legacy platform. So that's probably helping us a little bit.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: We had a meeting a couple of weeks ago with a number of constituents from sales and service and other parts of organization to actually talk about our competitive position in the mid-market. I think the way I would summarize the discussion is that, we feel quite comfortable about our competitiveness on both the product, the pricing, the breadth on a number of fronts in the mid-market. So we feel very, very comfortable from a selling standpoint that we are well positioned and that we -- and this is, again, coming from our sales force. It doesn't mean, by the way, that it isn't hard to get the business, but I think they feel that we've positioned them well and positioned ourselves well to be able to win in the marketplace. I think that on the existing base, the installed base which we are, as you mentioned, slowly migrating, our goal is to make the pond that our competition fishes in, smaller and smaller. And I think we're doing that and we've made a lot of progress over the last couple of years. So our view is that, once we transition all of those clients on to our newer strategic platforms, that our competitive position will be much stronger and will put us in a position to, hopefully, be able to grow and gain market share in the mid-market, where it has, admittedly, been tough for us against the competition over the last few years.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So the -- at that same meeting, that topic also came up, brought up by myself, because it's an important topic for me. And I received some very good news that they had made a good deal of progress in being able to accelerate, I think, our plans. But I think that timing that you just mentioned, I think, is still what our plan is. But I feel more, I guess, more positive, more confident, more optimistic than I have in the last few quarters that we're actually going to get that done. And again, in our world, I would love to have it happened overnight, but that would be irresponsible and not practical. And if the timing that we have now we actually execute on, we're going to be extremely happy. And I think our competitors maybe extremely unhappy.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: If I can give you just a couple of -- first, I just want to say that, with the position we're in now is, I would describe it as we see the light at the end of the tunnel with regards to interest rates and it's no longer a train. It has been a tough couple of years as we were kind of facing what was coming down the pike for us, which was -- this last year that we just passed, which was very difficult in terms of the size of the drag. So the fact that the organization was able to drive the kind of margin improvement to almost overcome the entire drag was really quite impressive, but it was very, very difficult headwind. So really the fourth quarter -- I'm sorry, the first quarter of this fiscal year, as we've said multiple times in our speaking notes here, is really kind of the last quarter where we have, what I would call a really an enormous headwind from a P&L standpoint. And that headwind does get smaller as the year progresses. To put it in perspective, this year we have -- and this is again in our, I think, publicly available documents where we have provided a slide, that shows for each year how much of our portfolio was maturing and what the embedded yield is of those maturities. And just to put it in perspective, I believe that for '14, we have around $1.5 billion in maturities with an embedded yield of around 4%, 4.1%. For '15, we have $3.5 billion in maturities and an embedded yield of 2.7%. And then for '16, we have a $4.5 billion in maturities and a 2% embedded yield. So I think you can probably do some of the math yourself and you could probably come to the conclusion that '15 is probably, assuming things stay as they are today, will be a year where we might see some actual positive lift, if not flat it's probably positive. Clearly, we don't give guidance this far in advance, but I'm just running you through numbers that we've already provided publicly, where people should be able to do the math themselves. So I don't know if Jan has something he wants to add.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yes. We've got a lot of people working on solutions to help our -- I mean, this is really right in ADP's sweet spot, is helping clients with compliance challenges. And Affordable Care Act is quite a challenge, right, from a reporting and compliance standpoint. So we have a number of initiatives underway. Probably not enough time to get into them today, but we'll certainly provide more information as we go along. But we expect this to be a big event for our clients and the employees of our clients. And we expect to be there to help them through it and to provide them help and assistance. And I think our plan is to not only provide specific solutions around the Affordable Care Act, i.e. reporting tools and compliance solutions, but our plan is really to try to market much more strongly our integrated HCM platform solutions that really are almost central to being able to comply with the new Affordable Care Act regulations. Because we really need time and attendance systems that are connected to payroll systems that are connected to benefit administration systems in order to be able to effectively and smoothly get the information you need to be able to comply. And so I think it presents an opportunity, not just for us, in the short term to provide reporting tools and compliance solutions for the Act itself, but also presents a real opportunity for us to help our clients with our fully bundled, integrated HCM solution, which I think are really the key to being able to keep up with all these regulations.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think that -- clearly, there was a lot of discussion in the press about the delay. Just to be clear, that is only one aspect. And it's clearly one that's important and gets a lot of attention, but it is only one aspect. So it's not like the entire law was delayed by a year. I know you know that, but some people in the press may not have been completely clear on the kind of the fact that there are numerous other compliance requirements and regulations that still are going to go forward and be enacted at the beginning of the new calendar year. As to the delay itself, in terms of our business plans, we see it as kind of a wash in terms of negatives and positives because it really does give us more time to communicate and talk to our clients about a fully integrated HCM solution, both in our mid-market and also in the upmarket. So I think it gives us more time to get to clients and to be able to move them on, either existing ones or new ones, on to this HCM-integrated solutions. So at the same time, it does provide more time for the competition to get ready and it provides more time for clients to make decisions. And so net-net, it's probably -- in our view, we haven't seen any negative repercussions yet in our business as a result of the delay, but there's probably positives and negatives as a result of the delay.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think it's a great question and I wish we had a scientific answer to that. I think we've -- over the last couple of years, we typically give you anecdotal stories around that topic, right? When we hear, for example, when we had the fiscal cliff issues, we think that there were -- we were hearing anecdotal stories that there were people kind of waiting to see what was going to happen with the resolution of the fiscal cliff. And so we don't have any scientific evidence one way or the other. What we do have is our results. And if you look at it historically, at our new bookings and how they relate to the economy and you look at it kind of in a rearview mirror, it does get harder in a more difficult economy to sell. It helps a lot to have great products, to have a great sales force and execute well, but it does get a little harder. So I have to believe that some of the strength of our new bookings is as a result of some better decision-making environment out in the economy, both in the U.S. and also outside of the U.S. But we really don't have any specific thing that we could point to, to give you evidence about that.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think that's a good question. I think Jan was just kind of alluding to the fact that some of our strength, even though it was across the board, some of our strength in the fourth quarter really was around very large upmarket domestic and multinational clients. Some of those clients won't start, literally, for a year. Having said that, we had really good strong growth for the quarter and for the year across all of our other segments and that will continue to push up our organic growth rate. And so the model is probably using kind of a half-year convention. The real challenge for our business model, which is also an incredible positive, is that it is a recurring revenue model. So when you do the math and use half-year convention, so you take half of last year's sales and they turn into revenue this year and half of the following year sales and turn them into revenue for that year, and you sprinkle in retention and you sprinkle in price increase and all the other things that we talked about, driving up that organic growth rate is not easy because you have this large recurring revenue base. But that's also a wonderful thing because every year, we're starting with 91.3% of the revenue that we had in the prior year. But if you kind of do the math that I do a lot, you'll start to figure out that, to move our organic growth rate up 0.5 to 1 percentage point requires multiple years of double-digit sales growth, which is exactly what we've had, and good client retention. So I think what you need to think about in terms of from a -- when you add all that stuff together, is that in an environment like we're in now where we're really executing on just about every front, it's really, call it 0.5 point to 1 point of organic growth. And there's, obviously, a lot of other stuff in the mix, FX, acquisitions and whatnot, but that's really the core of our business and that's the core job that Jan and I have, which is to move that number up.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Just one clarification, I don't think that we said that small business market actually grew more than the 5% and that the 5% was the corporate average. So even though the corporate average is 5%, I think what Jan was really saying was that, just because of the skewing of our business, the majority of our clients, not the majority of our revenues, but the majority of our clients are in the small business segments. We have about 400,000 clients in the low end of the market. So from a growth rate standpoint, which again is not necessarily tied to revenue, I think Jan was clear on that, most of the 5% growth actually took place in the low end of the market. So having said all that, that's outstanding growth. And we believe that it's faster than the market and faster than a number of our competitors. So we're very confident that we are gaining market share just from the facts and the math. In terms of anecdotal evidence from the sales force, we do see, both on the retention and on the new business sales side, good evidence that our folks are executing well, both on the product side. In other words, they're putting a market -- a product out in the market that is resonating and helping us sell new business and new units and is also helping us to hold on to the clients that we already do have. And so we have a number of, I think, pieces of evidence that point to, I think, really good strength competitively in the low end of our business.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: And I think that just one other thing on small business in terms of the migrations. I think we put out a press release, I believe, when we reached 200,000 clients on RUN. So clearly now we're at...
Carlos A. Rodriguez: 253,000. And so our clients on EasyPay are down, as you can imagine. If we have 400,000 and we have 250,000 on RUN, you can probably do the math. So we are -- even though Jan said that we've moved 25,000 clients this year from EasyPay on to RUN, the pace at which we're moving those clients now is much faster than that, so it's been an accelerating trend. And so we have some belief that we might be able to get off of EasyPay within the next 18 months. And the momentum that, that is going to -- is creating already for that business and it's going to create, down the road in terms of both retention and just new business sales, because having the entire energy and focus of that organization be on our strategic platform, one that's versionless, one that's cloud-based, is going to be enormously powerful.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think you got it. But I think it's not just the first quarter, I think the first half. I would -- even though we don't give quarterly guidance, I think it's good to think about the first half, particularly in the first quarter, being well below the guidance that we're giving for the full year in terms of the EPS growth. And think about the headwind of, for example, just interest. Because we plan to continue to run our business and execute in terms of the core businesses, which really doesn't vary that much quarterly just because of the nature of the business, but for your model, it is important to understand this interest rate drag. And it is probably in the first quarter in line, in terms of amount, with what it was on a quarterly basis during fiscal '13 and then begins to abate. And I would say that, by the fourth quarter, the abatement is significant, would be a good way to describe it.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: No. I think it's probably seasonality or there may have been a little bit of something that happened around -- I guess that excludes FX for this segment. But no, there's nothing meaningful. I mean, I think that the -- we still see acceleration for the full year versus what we had for the full year this year. So there may be some noise in the quarter that we would have to, again, look a little bit deeper into, but there's no secret there underneath. It's still an acceleration for the year in '14 versus '13 in terms of organic growth. And some of that is as a result, obviously, of a couple of softer quarters at the beginning of the year in '13.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, again, that's another one where it's probably -- there's probably pluses and minuses because the formation of additional dual options in terms of the exchanges could provide competition for the PEO. But as you saw from our sales results, it's also kind of causing people to look for alternatives. So I don't think that everyone is going to go to an exchange and not everyone will stay where they are. But what it's certainly doing is it's creating activity. So it's creating an opportunity for our sales force to have a discussion with people in the marketplace about what their goals are and really help them find the best solution for them. And that's a good thing. So I think anything that creates activity and opportunity and opening is usually a good thing. So we're seeing some of that. But having said that, could there be some clients, particularly in the small business market, in the PEO, where a delay for a year of the requirement for employers to provide health care, that may delay some of the decision-making. For large clients, these decisions have to be made well in advance of any kind of execution of the decision. So I think the extra time is probably net positive for us in the upmarket. Whereas, I think in a place like the PEO, you could see someone who was potentially planning to move to the PEO or to make some other change to say, "Well, now I have a little bit more time, I think I'll just wait another quarter." That's obviously not what we're encouraging to do, but that's obviously a possibility.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So I don't know that we can talk about 2015 just yet. But our '14 plan, obviously, have migration costs included. And what's really, again, very satisfying and very pleasing about the performance of the organization, is that we're able to drive the kind of margin improvement when you really normalize for the interest rate drag. We had really great margin improvement at the segment level and you'll see that in our segment results. And there are migration costs embedded in those results. And so the fact that the organization is, basically, overcoming at the segment level those migration costs and making the progress that they're making is, obviously, a sign that there is no -- and I think we've told you this in the last couple of years and as we kind of focus on this issue of migration, there are clearly additional expenses and additional costs. And we certainly hear that from our folks in the field, but we weren't expecting and aren't expecting to have some big announcement that we have some tens of millions of dollar extra expense that we are putting into our run rate. We are a highly disciplined organization and we're finding a way to get this done within the resources that we have by trying to focus less on other things and more on the migration. And so there really -- I wish I could give you, to make it more exciting, big news there, but what you see is what you get. And you're going to see more of it in '14.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yes. It did occur in the fourth quarter and it had a great fourth quarter in terms of sales. As you know, as I just mentioned a few minutes ago, for those sales converting to revenue takes a while, particularly in GlobalView. These are large complex multinational implementation that take a while. But we had kind of over 20% revenue growth for the year. We have now almost 1.5 million paid employees, which is up more than 20% for the business. We have over 100 clients, 110 clients as of the end of the year, so we feel pretty good. And I think, in fairness, we look at our multinational business as a combination of GlobalView and streamline, both of which are performing very, very well. And now we have those under one umbrella as we've kind of change our organizational structure. And we really believe that, that's going to drive I think even more effective selling, if you will, and also client relations by having all of our multinational solutions under one umbrella. And the combination of GlobalView and streamline, the growth rate looks even more positive. And that's over the next couple of years going to be $0.5 billion business.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think it's probably a combination of things including great sales leadership. It's really one of the more remarkable turnarounds that I've seen in a long time in ADP. We had a couple of others, by the way, in the quarter that did really remarkably well, as well, having had a tough beginning to the year. But really, the PEO was a standout in terms of the turnaround, in terms of their sales performance. So again, I attribute it to good execution and good cooperation. As we exited the first half of the year, our sales leaders in the PEO, but also in our other major segments who feed a great deal of leads to the PEO, gathered together and figured out how they were going to fix this problem and they fixed it. And we really, dramatically, increased the number of leads to the PEO in the second half and the PEO was able to close on those and execute well.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I wouldn't call it a problem. I think that we just noticed that there was a -- we have a lot of products and we have a lot of opportunities in the marketplace. And keeping our sales force focused and having the right incentive is very, very important. And so there was really no problem. We just, I think, sat down and our sales leaders and Ed Flynn, who runs our sales organization, made some great moves that, obviously, worked in terms of making sure that those incentives were properly aligned.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, as you probably know, we have to -- we kind of put our plan together before the year actually finishes. And so our budget for '14 was -- we started it 2 or 3 months ago and we finalized it before we knew what our client retention rates were going to be for the year. So we almost never plan for flat client retention, but I must say that this is one of those situations where it's very, very difficult for us to go and change everything, especially when, as you said, it's at record levels. And so I think that we would hope that we get some improvement here again, but right now as it stands it would be flat, flattish client retention from year-to-year. Which, again, I have to say -- I won't say that I'd be happy with that because I think we would love to have some improvement, but...
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think there's a -- to be clear, there's a difference between hope and desire and incentives versus what we plan for financially. So I think that it's prudent and correct to plan for flattish client retention, but that is not our ambition.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yes. We can give you some color. We're such a broad-based competitor that it really isn't as simple as 1 or 2 competitors. In some ways, it would be nice if it were that...
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Let me pick on -- so I'll pick one, happened to be studying that topic a couple of nights ago. And if you look in the mid-market, we made some really good progress against the competition in terms of some of what we call our regional competitors that you're, I'm sure, are quite aware of. I also look at our national account competitors, so in the upmarket, and saw very little discernible pattern in terms of, all of a sudden, one competitor is doing incredibly better than us or another one doing incredibly worse. So it really is just kind of just methodical improvement across the board and it's really a mixed picture. I mean, particularly in that upmarket segment, we have ERP competitors, as well as the 1 or 2 kind of cloud-based competitors that you're aware of. And I think we're pleased with what is happening competitively in that market, as we are in major accounts and as we are in the low end of our market. And I wish I could tell you there's one specific competitor or one company that we could point to that's making the difference. But I can tell you that the improvement is there and it is more -- across the board is not the right word because it is mix: some better; some worse. I have multiple years of data that show what's happened with our losses and what's happened with our new starts against each competitor. But overall, it's been an improvement in each of the 3 segments. And so, very, very pleased with that. We have to say, having said all that, that in the low end of the market is probably where we had the most visible success.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, it did have continued market share gains. That's a business that tracks very carefully their win/loss ratio and the market share and they're kind of in the 2 to 1 ratio of wins to losses. And so we're very pleased with that. And they kind of edge their market share up in their core North American business. I think the digital marketing business also performed very well this year. So again, you see the results. I mean, that is an adjacency that is clearly accretive to ADP's growth and success right now. So really good performance on the revenue side and also on the margin side. And again, they're doing some of the same things that we're talking about in Employer Services. So a very, very big focus on product innovation there and integration of their own products within the Dealer management suite. And I think they're just, again, executing well, have made some good investments and good changes on the product development side. And I think that they are winning in the market place.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think you -- I think some of it is -- I think we have pretty good visibility in that business as we do in Employer Services. But I think you're right that if there was a major change in the backdrop, you'd want to probably re-think that. But we don't see any, I mean the SARs rate is around $15 million plus and the forecast is for even more strength there. I think that the market in Europe has been weak, but probably hard to imagine it's now bottoming or at least close to a bottom there. So I think we feel pretty good about the forecast on Dealer.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, thank you. Thank you very much for joining us today. As you can tell, we're very pleased with our fiscal '13 results. I really think the business is performing well and, as you heard, we're growing our client base. I also want to thank each and every one of our 60,000 associates worldwide for helping us to deliver the sales and retention results that we delivered this year. It really was an amazing performance and it takes every single one of those 60,000, whether in the field delivering the service or making the sale, everyone else who's behind the scenes supporting them. So I really appreciate their efforts. I think we're very well positioned going into next year. I think we're doing the right things. And as you know, we're going to be continue to be shareholder-friendly and deliver value to our shareholders in addition to our clients and to our associates. So thank you very much for joining today. And we look forward to talking to you soon.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. David, the rollout of Vantage continues to accelerate. And not only did we sell more client than we ever sold per quarter in our short history of Vantage, but we also got a large number of clients live and generating revenues, which is both good news on both sides. So I want to start to talk a little bit more about our annual impact that we have. So this quarter, I think we sold a little bit short of 20 new units for approximately 50 units for this fiscal year, slightly ahead of our original plan. So performance of Vantage continues to be good. And as you asked for client growth by segment, I think we can also give information that in the downmarket segment and our small segment, really driven by the success of RUN, the client growth was above the average that we just gave you for the 5% total ADP. We achieved a new record there also because we sold really more than 100,000 RUN units this year, which is a great milestone to achieve.
Jan Siegmund: On the price increase. Yes, David, what we like to talk about is the net impact on revenues for our price increase. And I think we had talked in the past about approximately 1% of our revenue growth was driven by price increases. And we anticipate to continue with our balanced pricing strategy maximizing the value for the business in the long term, while reaping the pricing opportunities that we see in the market for this year. So you should not expect a change in our pricing philosophy.
Jan Siegmund: Rod, if I follow-up on your questions on pays per control. The number that we're forecasting with 2% to 3%, of course, is similar to our past performance. It's faster than the U.S. economy is growing as you know from our national employment report, but the job market is quite solid and our clients have been hiring faster than that and we have seen that trend to be very stable. Just as a reminder, a sensitivity of that 1% more or less in pays per control will have a revenue impact of annualized $20 million.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. So the forecast is really based on the most recent forecast that you can draw from the forward yield curves of the U.S. government agencies. And we have this low-maturity issue that we alluded in the beginning of the call. It is really only 8% of our client fund balances that are available for reinvestments throughout the year '13. So we benefit from the higher long-term rates, really, only for those securities that mature, plus the growth in the client fund balances. And the impact is really very mathematical. So we don't really -- we don't even make a big adjustments to it. Also, the embedded rate that is maturing is around 4%, so there's still a steep decline of the maturing rates that we see. So all together, gives you really -- we try to be very transparent about these assumptions. There's really not a particular conservatism that is built in.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. Like if I do the math for you and you assume that our balances continue to grow at a pace that is in line with our current guidance and the yield curve doesn't move materially, I think about a flattish impact on the client fund strategy on our bottom line is not a bad assumption in '15.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. We made good progress on our migrations and we moved significantly more than 10,000 clients in Workforce -- on to our Workforce Now platform in the mid-market, so good progress. We have approximately 20,000 clients to go. So you can see at this rate, in how they multiply with potential movement and progress and productivity, how our forecast for migration is evolving. We continue to be very pleased with the client satisfaction during those migrations and the retention impact, if anything, is slightly positive for these clients. And we have slight revenue uptick in mid-market by clients, buying as they migrate to a broader solution, buying more bundle. So that's an all-good story in the mid-market. The similar thing we can report for RUN at EasyPay, which is our legacy platform, EasyPay, in the down market, we moved about 25,000 clients, we're making very good progress and both categories exceeding our own internal plans. So we feel comfortable of our own migrations and there's really no measurable impact. If any, a slight positive impact on retention rates. But really, probably for planning purposes, no impact is a good assumption.
Jan Siegmund: Okay. Ever so slightly, Bryan, our pays per control declines softened in the fourth quarter, probably too small for statistically significance but we do see it. And as we -- in our last quarterly call, I think, talked about Europe being weak on the new sales side. We did see Europe coming back in the fourth quarter and we had a particular success with European multinational deal. So in all our reporting about Europe being economically weak, in this quarter we did have some good results. I wouldn't make a full long-term story out of it, but at least for this quarter, we saw some signs of improvement for it. I mean, you'll see the unemployment numbers and the economic news out of Europe, so we see the same thing. So we are cautious about Europe for the next fiscal year.
Jan Siegmund: Well, our 5% client growth is an excellent number for our size of the company. I would caution you that the client number and the revenue number are asymmetrical in our client base, so we have a large number of clients in our small markets. So 5% client growth does not equate to 5% revenue growth at all, really. But the strength in our downmarket with the client growth even ahead of the 5% is a strong indicator of our strength in downmarket. You saw the PEO growing very nicely, also rebounding in sales. So in the downmarket, we see really good momentum in the business, which is exciting. And then as we roll out these platforms in the upmarket, we feel -- I mean, you'll see it reflected in our sales growth number that we're forecasting, kind of good about that going forward. I don't know if -- we don't forecast, really, we don't guide to the client count number, but it's also a number that has been moving fairly steadily. So I think you almost don't need our guidance for that.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. Jason, I'll take the last question first. Really, this is a good organic number that you see this year. We're entering the year with virtually no impact on acquisitions on our revenue number. We stopped reporting the breakout between payroll and non-payroll payroll a while ago. And it's really a consequence of how we sell our product. We sell it really now as an integrated bundle and we started reporting, really, more on the progress we're making with our core strategic platform. So I don't think the payroll number versus non-payroll number is that meaningful. I would allocate revenues in a way that would make it really not that insightful for everybody to do it. And as a matter of fact, we don't quite do it internally either anymore. So we're focusing on our core strategic platforms. And when you hear us talking about the progress we're making with Workforce Now, Vantage and RUN, those are, I think, also our internal key metrics that we watch for our success.
Jan Siegmund: I think there is the element of our product, but we also have a unique 24/7 service offering that finds great response in our client base. We have a fantastic set of supplemental products and our attach rates are rising actually nicely and across the board, contributing to good revenue growth in the small segment. So the combination we have great success with the channels, our channel partners are pleased with the future functionality that the product set offers in the SBS market, all these factors together give you the momentum that we have been seeing. And that has been really going on for, now, a couple, few years, so it's not really a recent change. That momentum continued in this quarter.
Jan Siegmund: Well, maybe, a rough indicator for the national accounts base is, we fell -- it varies a little bit, but we fell between 100 and 200 new deals each year in the national accounts space. And you'll see us, hopefully, continue with the acceleration of growth of Vantage deals. So it gives you kind of a little bit of perspective relative to the number of deals that we had this year to where we want to get it. Obviously, Vantage is an important product and we kind of want to make a big involvement to the national accounts base.
Jan Siegmund: One more thing that you may want to include in your thinking is the strength that we have in digital marketing growth that has been accelerating the average. And so that is clearly our highest grower in that portfolio of businesses and it continues to drive. And I think we feel good about that expansion to the overall 8%.
