Elena Charles: Thank you. Good morning. I'm here today with Gary Butler, ADP's President and CEO; and Chris Reidy, ADP's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining us this morning for our First Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Call and Webcast. Our slide presentation for today's call and webcast is available for you to print from the Investor Relations homepage of our website at adp.com. As a reminder, the quarterly history of revenue and pretax earnings for our reportable segments has been posted to the IR section of our website. These schedules have been updated to include the first quarter of fiscal 2011, and all prior periods have been updated to reflect 2011 budgeted foreign exchange rates. During today's conference call, we will make some forward-looking statements that refer to future events and as such, involve some risks, and these are discussed on Page 2 of the slide presentation and in our periodic filings with the SEC. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Gary for his opening remarks.
Elena Charles: And Jim, the duration that Chris spoke about is on the client funds in his opening comments not the corporate funds, which is still short.
Elena Charles: In terms of the sales. A little more than half is on the payroll side. On the revenue mix, it's about 70-30, 70% being the payroll.
Gary Butler: Thank you, Elen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'll begin today's call with some opening comments about our first quarter results, then I'll turn the call over to Chris Reidy, our CFO, to take you through the detailed results. After which, I'll return to provide you with an updated forecast for fiscal '11. And before we take your questions, I'll also provide some concluding remarks. Overall, I am quite pleased with ADP's first quarter results for fiscal 2011 which, as you can see from the release, were better than anticipated. You recall as we exited last fiscal year, we did reach positive inflection points in our key business metrics. I'm pleased to report for the most part, that those positive trends continued into this first quarter of '11. Let's start with new business sales which, as you saw in this morning's release, were flat to last year. However, results were different by market segment. In the Small Business marketplace, including the PEO [Professional Employer Organization], we posted strong double-digit growth year-over-year. I believe our investments in our new RUN products and in our sales force has had a very positive impact in this market. Having said that, we are somewhat cautious as we move up market. The pipeline for new business sales is good, but the sale cycles remain relatively long and new business sales in the medium-large company markets were slightly below last year. New business sales in our international business were up nicely, excluding GlobalView sales, which declined year-over-year. We closed three quite large GlobalView transactions in the first quarter of last year, which impacted the total sales comparison from last year by a couple of points. All in all, we are still comfortable with our full year forecast for high single-digit new business sales growth for the year. As we look at retention, I believe that the improved economy, coupled with the technology investments we have made in our service solutions and the significant increases in client service associates, helped drive this notable improvement in client revenue retention during the quarter. This increase of 1.7 percentage points clearly exceeded our expectations. And for the record, is the largest quarterly increase we have seen in this metric in about five years. Employment levels in the U.S. have stabilized and our pays per control same-store sales employment metric was actually up 1.7% in the quarter and also ahead of our expectations. Average client funds balances increased 9% and were higher than anticipated driven by higher wage growth, growth in pays for control and increased SUI tax. It's also noteworthy that the number of worksite employees paid in our PEO grew 9.5% in the quarter. I am very pleased with the acquisitions we closed in the first quarter and the pipeline of potential transactions is also quite good. To remind you, our M&A strategy is primarily focused on entering adjacent markets that leverage our core franchise as well as competitive roll-ups within our existing product portfolio. We are currently in the process of integrating the two largest transactions we completed this quarter: Workscape and Employer Services and Cobalt and Dealer Services, and continue to be quite pleased as we go deeper with each business. Moving onto Dealer Services. The automotive landscape is relatively stable, and dealership closings have greatly subsided. Revenues in Dealer, however, continued to be negatively impacted by the carry-forward effects of dealership closings over the past year, but fewer current closings bodes well for continued improvement in the year ahead. With that, let me turn it over to Chris to provide you the details of our results.
Gary Butler: We were only a few percentage points under our plan for the first quarter even though we would love to think it's a little bit stronger than it was, it still was very close to our plan. And with a very strong fourth quarter we had and what potentially was pulled out of the first quarter, we certainly are quite comfortable with our forecast for the rest of the year. I actually talked to most of my senior sales leaders yesterday in preparation for the call, and they all remain very optimistic about being at or above their plans for the full year. Most of them would say to you that their backlog of prospective clients was actually stronger at this point versus last year, which I think bodes well for the selling season. Our product position, particularly in the low end of the market with our new RUN platform and the new mobile applications that we've launched, our people there are actually quite bullish, and we actually had strong double-digit growth there in the first quarter. Workforce now continues to do well in the mid-market, and we've got a very strong pipeline of GlobalView prospect. So I'm pretty comfortable that we're going to have a good second quarter and a solid finish for the year.
Gary Butler: Well, we're always looking for expanding our geographic footprint. Regrettably, there are not as many service-oriented companies. Once you leave Western Europe in the U.S. to acquire, we're continuing to push the envelope in terms of expanding our HR and benefits and performance planning on kind of products. So we are trying to build a wider array in the portfolio of the products that we take into the marketplace. We're also doing some analysis, which is no secret in the marketplace, around healthcare kind of solutions that we can offer to our base or to the market in general as it has a pretty good go-forward growth outlook. So we are looking at those kind of things as  well. But I think it's going to be pretty much business as usual, but you are seeing us move into the accounts payable market with the acquisition we made last year. We are looking at healthcare and we're down the path to continue to expand the portfolio.
Gary Butler: I think last year, and then correct if I'm wrong, I think we were down around 2% to 3%, around 3%. And that gradually has improved over the quarters. In our forecast is, I think, as I mentioned in my forecast will still to be slightly negative. I think like half a point down for the go-forward year.
Gary Butler: Just a couple of other general comments.  One is that I noticed that as I was listening to Chris' comment, the other thing that's helping our balances is our strong sales growth so we're winning market share, which is obviously driving more balanced growth at the same thing at the same time. We are seeing increases in net pay because I think the economy is a little better and people are working more hours and they are hiring, to some degree, from that standpoint. The SUI increases were quite significant this past year because they generally follow by year the steepest decline in employment, but they will likely continue at these higher levels for at least this year and next, if not beyond, because the state coffers are basically empty in terms of that regard. So we're also very cautious on this metric because of the income that's earned off that is very high margin. And so we want to make sure we don't put the cart out in front of the horse, even though we are very pleased with the results we saw in the fourth quarter and the first quarter.
Gary Butler: I think there's a couple other things that you're seeing there. One is as you may recall in fiscal '10, SBS, Small Business, was the one place where we did reduce headcount in the sales force over the fiscal '09 and '10. Over the second half of fiscal '10, we did restore most of that headcount that we reduced. So we're seeing the rebound there. Additionally, our product positioning and the strength of our product offering has never been stronger than it is today with our own RUN platform, our new mobile applications, our ASO offering, what we're doing with the PEO. So we're winning in the marketplace both through increased headcount, but more importantly longer term through better product positioning, which leads to less discounting and a more healthy environment.
Gary Butler: Well, I think it's all of the above. As I said, we've added back significant headcount that we had cut in prior period. And we were fortunate to get that earlier in last year so the people are out in their territory's, selling deals. Secondly, our product position today is superior, in our view, to anything else in the marketplace. Again the dynamic has not changed in terms of the competition except in the sense that we continue to see discount providers up from the regional service companies. And that still has not changed. And we're changing our offerings, depending upon local market conditions to better meet those kind of challenges. But in general, the economy is better and there's not as much pressure on price. And we're just doing well there.
Gary Butler: Typically, we try to concentrate, if we're looking in the growth sales 10%, which is kind of general target each and every year and you're not in a severe down cycle or a buoyant up cycle, then we traditionally would add 6% to 7% headcount growth and strive to get two to three points of productivity or price improvement or new products into the mix to drive that 10-plus kind of percent. So as we returned to what I'd call more historical norms in the business, I would expect we'll continue to expand there. I mean there are some areas, particularly in the mid- and up market where our benefit offerings are getting much more robust and complete across the product line where we may add more, on a percentage basis, the headcount to pursue benefits, which we think particularly as healthcare rolls out is going to be an ever more important growth area for us. So I think we will continue to see that. But the way for you to think about it I think is more around 6%, 7%, 8% in headcount and 2%, 3%, 4% in productivity.
Gary Butler: In the fourth quarter, we were up 25% sales in the fourth quarter. And so we fortunately were able to convert a large part of that into revenue, which we're now should get the residual impact of that for the full year aided by balance growth, pay growth and much stronger retention. So if all that happens, then we make our sales plan as we are forecasting then it certainly bodes well for the rest of the year.
Gary Butler: I mean if you park all the banter about the elections in Washington and you just go to a more straightforward kind of view, when I talk to clients or I talk to other CEOs in other industry, I think everybody's kind of back to business as usual to some degree, because you got to get back to growing your business. And I think it's quit going the wrong way, and it's now a debate about how fast it's going to come back. And so in that kind of environment, people are still careful about their decisions, but they are investing in infrastructure, which would include payroll and HR, and time and labor systems. And I think generally, environment is pretty good. And at the low end of the market, you got to do your payroll. And so the easier it is to do it, the better your product is, the easier it is for people to switch over to you.
Gary Butler: I think it was getting better over the second half of last year. It's about like it's been for the last three to six months. I'm not seeing -- if you look at the BRT's surveys and those kind of things, there's still a lot of hesitancy on employment. But most of the BRT's CEOs would tell you they expect to spend more capital this year than last year, and they expect their revenues to go up and not down.
Gary Butler: I mean what's happening if you go talk to the economists is that the GDP slowdown that occurred in the second calendar quarter that dropped down to like 1.7%, they're forecasting only 1.3% this quarter. And when you look at the productivity gain that we've seen across the U.S., it basically doesn't give you a real reason to go do a lot of employment, which is why the Fed is trying to do this easing, this qualitative easing. And the forecast call for as you get into calendar '11, they return to more 3% to 4% GDP growth, which then should be sufficiently be higher than the productivity increases, which should then drive an acceleration of employment.
Gary Butler: And much less dropped services, pricing concessions, those kinds of issues, drop reports, we're kind of through that, and it's kind of back to business as usual.
Gary Butler: Yes, I mean, Rod, there's two areas in that mid-market. We've made big investments in our designated reps. The actual call center people that you call in plus we're doing a much higher level of proactive outreach into our client base to make sure we're ahead of the curve as opposed to behind the curve in trying to catch up with price at the last minute when somebody has given us a notification. So those investments in client services and proactive outreach are clearly making a difference as well.
Gary Butler: Well, our GlobalView backlog of business is quite good. We did have a very strong quarter last year. And we had a decent finish the first quarter last year and we had a pretty good finish in GlobalView last year. So their backlog and their confidence around their plan is pretty positive. Majors and nationals were down slightly in the quarter, call it mid-single digits just to give you a frame around that. But if you go talk to those guys, their PBRs are much stronger today than they were a year ago. And based on my anecdotal feedback, and I've been doing this for a long time and I have a pretty good nose for it, I think we're in decent shape in both of those for the rest of the year.
Gary Butler: And just to give you some flavor for that, I mean, we had a pretty soft July after a great June, which is no surprise. And we had a pretty strong September in terms of growth. So I'm expecting that to continue. We had good growth in October. We're really not into that. It's too early to say, but we had good growth in October, so our confidence level here is pretty good.
Gary Butler: Yes. Paychecks, historically, they're very rational competitor. And I guess, from at least my 40,000 point of view, they remain that way. I mean if you read the high-level things that you hear, basically they're just lowering their kind of book price to more of what it was after discounting. And greatly encouraging no further discounting from that. So the actual price point that the services are being sold is not dramatically different than where we've been. So it's really around the skill set of the sales folks and the references from the CPAs and the banks and the product. And so we're not dosing any big swing in direction in the marketplace in general. Again, we still continue to see more difficulty around pricing with the local competitors. There's half a dozen of them around the country that are just focused on mostly single location, discounted payroll sales and not really chasing value as opposed to price.
Gary Butler: This is going to help us even more because shortly after year end, we'll be releasing the BlackBerry platform and the Android platform, which will open up the entire market for us as opposed to just the iPhone, iPad market.
Gary Butler: Most of their pricing is on a per dealer per service offering as opposed to number of vehicles sold. They provide a lot of business analytics back on helping dealers understand that. But it's more driven whether it's an OEM program in terms of an offering that they're rolling out or a requirement that they have for their dealers as opposed to vehicle sales.
Gary Butler: I think the way I would think about it is our focus was more around improving retention than it was in optimizing price. So as we were going through last year and as we were preparing for this year, the focus was on sales and retention as opposed to driving margin expansion through a higher price increase. And if the economy stays in the shape that it's in, then I would suspect that will continue more in the future as opposed to going back up to the 1.5% to 2% level. If the economy gets back to where they're adding 2% to 3% growth in the workforce, and people are more buoyant about buying our products and services, then I would expect the appetite to more optimize that price would increase in time.
Gary Butler: The implementations on GlobalView in the backlog are proceeding pretty much as planned. The big challenge we have in GlobalView is finding the SAP talent around the world to do some of these implementations. And to that extent, we have to use consultants more than frankly we would like to, which does put pressure on the bottom line. GlobalView continues to be a drag in '11. And I think our current forecast is to get through the breakeven in one of the second half quarters. I don't remember which one, in the '12.
Gary Butler: Well, the most obvious one is the mobile applications are very complete. And you can actually do a realtime payroll on those apps, including all the banking information, all the reporting access, all the register's access, the employee records, standard reporting, et cetera. So the breadth of the offering versus just being able -- and some of the other regional competitors have inquiry kind of capability where you can see things or do some basic things, but the mobile application is much more complete. That being said, the RUN platform is, getting mobile for a moment, exceptionally user-friendly. It's very easy to navigate. It is literally a realtime payroll. So you run your payroll, you have the entire thing back. You can preview everything. You then release the payroll. You can do all your direct deposits, everything through that. So it's a very complete offering. But if you just go down and check a box, well, can I calculate a check and hold this record or whatever, I'd tell you it's more of a presentation in realtime nature and ease of use as it is opposed to just that purely functional can we calculate a check or print a report. But if you ever look at them side by side, it would be very apparent to you.
Gary Butler: We continue to do quite well against our national competitor there. We continue to have some drag from DealerTrack and our corner [ph]. We kind of quantify it as cheap but cheerful. We're in the low end of the market so we're doing very well in the mid- and high end of the market where the revenue is as opposed to the dealer count. And we're getting great expansion particularly in our voice over IP and lead management and the other kind of things that are going to flow out of Cobalt and our BZ results.
Gary Butler: Yes. And Tien-Tsin, we had a very strong retention quarter in the fourth quarter, I think it was up 1.3. So got 1.6, 1.7. So you're going to have a difficult compare in the fourth quarter. And retention is a little bit -- just like balances, you don't want to put the cart up in front of the horse. Even though we're optimistic, I'm not sure I want to forecast purely based on it feels good right now. So we are being appropriately cautious there to make sure that we don't put the cart in front of the horse.
Gary Butler: I think it's all of the above. I mean, we like to make the forecast that we make. So I'm going to be appropriately cautious. You wouldn't want me to be otherwise, I don't think. Our stepped-up rates and improved retention certainly helped. Strong sales in the fourth quarter helped as well. And the retention was up again. To reiterate, we're really big in terms of that piece. And typically in our business, as goes the first quarter, goes the year. So we're appropriately more optimistic now than we would have three months ago.
Gary Butler: Well, GlobalView is our platform of choice for multinational companies. We'll continue with the best-of-breed products where you're selling country-specific implementation. So GlobalView won't be the domestic payroll product for China or the domestic payroll product for France. And so that's really where we're focused on. The difficulty with GlobalView is that this is big deals, you get big deal-itis for the ups and downs of when you close them. And in tight terms, those decisions tend to get protracted. The good news about GlobalView is that we virtually have no losses and the clients, in my view, are going to stay 15 to 20 years because of the size of the investment that we've made and that they've made. But clearly, it's our multinational platform of choice.
Gary Butler: In terms of healthcare, Mark, I mean the regs are still being written, and we are involved along with some other folks in trying to be sure that they get drafted in such a way that we can do a good job of complying with them. I think the healthcare legislation as it's written is going to be a benefit to ADP over time because, a, it's going to be more complex. Reporting is going to be much more detailed. Enforcement by the IRS and others is going to be much more than what it is today. And the heart and soul of that database is all in payroll and HR kind of record keeping. So I think it's going to be good for the PEO, I think it's going to good for ASO, and good for the general employer services business across the industry. We think our acquisition of employees that we made a few years back, coupled with the acquisition of Workscape and the bundling in of employees into our Workforce Now product, which is at the thousand, to call it 3,000-person level, is going to clearly drive acceleration in our Benefits business. And we clearly see that the Benefits business can be well beyond $0.5 billion business for us in the planning horizon. So we're pretty excited about what's happening in Benefits, and the complexity is swelling out of Washington. I hated it at a personal level, but from the business level, it's pretty good.
Gary Butler: Yes. But to the extent, Mark, healthcare cost increases outstrip just on normal price increase, you'll see a permanent drag on the margin in our PEO. But the real way to think about it is if you take that out and look at the repetitive processing revenue.
Gary Butler: The metric that we report on is from our AutoPay product, which is kind of in the middle there's some overlap below 50% as well on the high-end of the market it, but that's kind of the core metric that we look at. We did see some positive uplifts in our National Accounts business this quarter as well, which was also negative in the fourth quarter. So there was some movement in there as well. And Small Business just continues to kind of bump along with a slight positive, as I recall.
Gary Butler: That market is still developing to some degree. And our main thrust there is to make sure that we are included as an option on the exchange. But we don't have a major thrust to become the exchange, if that's your question.
Gary Butler: No, no current plans to do that. So let me kind of close this up. We appreciate everybody attending today. I think you can tell by the tone of the conversation that we're much more optimistic than we were three months ago. I think my comments around as goes the first quarter goes the year is a great way to think about it. Our product position remains quite strong and the sales force is in good shape. And we're optimistic about the future. So we appreciate you coming today. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Christopher Reidy: We had experiences, we said in the comments, 30% growth in bonuses last year. So we're not expecting too much in the way of incremental bonus growth, although we will likely see some companies that didn't get bonuses last year. So there's a little bit of there. And the bulk of the SUI increases also -- we have experienced throughout -- although there are some states that we anticipate having increases going forward. So not as much as we have experienced last year, but a little bit of growth on both of those metrics.
Christopher Reidy: Actually, no. That's not the case. If you go back to the 10-K that we issued and the 10-Q that's about to come out, we actually experienced growth from the Small Business area. And what had happened was -- and I think I talked about this on an earlier call, counting the number of clients is not the easiest thing to do because clients go by different names and different divisions, et cetera. So we went back and re-scrubbed the way we analyze clients about six months ago before the 10-K. And we went back and restated previous number so if you look at it on a restated basis, from 10-K to 10-K, and you'll see on the Q coming out, we're actually up in the SBS area. We're about flat overall. And the increases in SBS were primarily offset in the mid-market where we did and have talked about having some losses in terms of regional competitors during the last couple of years, but we are actually working the growth where we had growth in the SBS area.
Christopher Reidy: Well, we restated in the 10-K, so we showed the comparable. We're up in the Small Business, and we were down in majors. And in total, we were about flat.
Christopher Reidy: Well, I think it's both, Kelly. Because what you -- what we've seen is increasing metrics. So if you look at the client retention metric, it was tremendous growth in the first quarter. And pays per control increased as well. And so as you look at that continuing in the year, it's what you grew in the first quarter, but that flows into the whole year. So those are the biggest drivers, as well sales.
Christopher Reidy: Keep in mind that stable does not mean we're buoyant and excited. It's just more that the decline that we had experienced over the last couple of years seems to have stabilized.
Christopher Reidy: I think on retention, there are a number of things. And I think Gary referred to some of them in his remarks this morning and I think those were the primary drivers. We have invested in service throughout the business. And I think that in our technology investment, the combination of those have driven the bulk of the retention. There has been some abatement in the bankruptcies on the low end, kind of back to normal levels, but I think that was less of a driver than our proactive investments in the service area.
Christopher Reidy: And I think that's two consecutive quarters now. And if you go back to a year and half ago, we were predicting up to 100 basis point decline last year. And the second half of the year turned that around, so we're actually up 40 basis points. And what we're seeing is that this continued and improved even more. So absolutely, a great experience in the quarter for that metric.
Christopher Reidy: Yes, Rod, it is. Obviously, we still see some pressure from regional competitors in the mid-market, but that has abated from the height of a year and half ago. And I think our workforce now product in the mid-market has certainly helped as well. And our sales people are excited about that, and it sells well and it demos well and everything else. So I think a combination of those things. But I think you're accurate.
Christopher Reidy: I'd also say that the flat sales in the first quarter we mentioned the GlobalView grow over, that was worth a couple of points because we had a couple of big GlobalView sales in the first quarter of last year so that put pressure on the first quarter. But  if you normalize for that, it would give you another 2%. And then we haven't mentioned it, but clearly when you have a 24% blowout fourth quarter, you probably pulled up a little bit from the first quarter. So it wasn't -- as we've said, it was in line with our expectation. And I think, as Gary said, the growth is expected to occur.
Christopher Reidy: And as you know, what drives this business is sales engine going and retention and making sure that you're keeping as much of that revenue. And that's really what drives future revenue growth. And we're very happy with seeing the retention improved and sales picking up.
Christopher Reidy: And again our emphasis on that part of the market has been in the improvements on the products. And during the downturn, we continued to invest in RUN. We released it last year. It's got a lot of traction. I think the salespeople are excited about it and they're even more excited now that we have the mobile applications, which are pretty cool. So that's been the thrust in that part of the market for us.
Christopher Reidy: That's a good question. And we typically don't go there for those kinds of reasons, but if we are budgeting, just to give you a way to think about it, if we're budgeting at the end of one fiscal year for the following year, we're trying to drive 8% to 12% growth almost across every businesses in terms of new sales bookings. Now if one unit has an exceptionally strong fourth quarter, then that grow over for the following year instead of being 10%, may be 6% or 7% because they had a strong fourth quarter. So I think within the context of what we're talking about here, generally speaking, we're pushing toward 8% to 10% growth in terms of new sales in every one of our businesses in terms of the planning process. So to the extent that a majors or nationals was down mid-single digits, then we're still looking for them to grow 8% to 10% for the year. Majors had a very strong finish last year, so it may be a little bit lower than that number in terms of their full year forecast. But nothing remarkable to note in terms of the composition of that growth.
Christopher Reidy: On Cobalt? No, I think that's not a particularly seasonal business. It's pretty consistent throughout the year.
Christopher Reidy: Yes, I think what we have said, you're absolutely right, it has increased over the last several years. We are comfortable with it in the 50%, 55-kind-of-percent payout ratio. And so I think as we go forward, you would expect to see that increasing with earnings per share. Obviously, it's subject to board approval and clearly, as you know, we normally announce our dividend in the November timeframe. And that will be a discussion at the November board meeting.
Christopher Reidy: What we did was we've said at one point, we were saying that we wanted to hold about $1.5 billion through the downturn. And I think in the last two quarters I've said that's going to -- beginning to float down more towards $1 billion. This particular quarter, we went down from $1.8 billion at the end of June to the $1.3 billion level, primarily driven by the $500 million of acquisitions that we had. Cash flow can bring that up and obviously future acquisitions and share repurchases, et cetera, will tamp that down, but the minimum level that we see is $1 billion.
Christopher Reidy: We did pick up some from extending because what we saw historically, we were getting more spread than we normally see between three and five years and five and seven years, so we took advantage of that. And there'd been some nice increases in corporate yields as well, very high quality. As a matter of public record, companies like Microsoft and Wal-Mart, with very high quality, are issuing debt and tenured debt kind of maturities. So we did take advantage of that, Charles (sic).
Christopher Reidy: No. It's just a comparison issue. So you've got to look -- when you look quarterly it's not the same as looking at the full year retention number. So the retention we expect to be up in the year brings us up to about the highest levels of retention that we've experienced ever.
Christopher Reidy: I'd tell you in addition, the trend, as proud as we were of the inflection points in the fourth quarter, one quarter doesn't make the trend. Now it seems those metrics continue to improve into the first quarter. I would say in addition, when you're planning, we plan for certain level of revenue growth. And the revenue growth in the first quarter exceeded our expectations. So the revenue showed up and that influences our thinking as we go forward. So I think it's a combination of all those things.
Christopher Reidy: We do see good growth in the best-of-breed as we  call it or the in-country payroll. And on the GlobalView side, the only thing that I would add is that it's GlobalView in my mind has kind of morphed to being the payroll provider for multinationals worldwide whether they have 50 people in the country, 3,000 people in the country or a combination thereof. And so there's different solution sets to being that single provider. And quite frankly a multinational doesn't necessarily care what platform that you're supporting them on, it's the ubiquitous information and getting that information using our templates, so can have best-of-breed performing the function in one country and GlobalView in another. And as long as we're able to knit that together and provide the information in total worldwide, that's what they're looking for. So GlobalView is more than just a product serving the couple of thousand employees in a country. It's kind of an overall solution to a multinational.
Christopher Reidy: If you remember the way we invested last year, we began investing in some areas in the January timeframe, so our third quarter. And if you think about our fourth quarter was where we ramped up some additional investments as well. And so the compare is a lot easier for us in the second half of the year because of that grow-over issues. So on top of that, you have the merit increase issue that occurred in the fourth quarter of last year. So the headcount increases, the merit increases, the benefit cost increases, all of those things on a compare versus the first quarter or the second quarter last year are difficult and have become easier to compare in the second half of the year.
Christopher Reidy: Let me take the first part of that question which is I think asking where else we saw growth beyond payroll. And we did see obviously growth in the payroll portion, but in the beyond payroll area, some of the other areas of note were the ASO, our HR BPO offering in the small businesses, significant growth in that area. Retirement services was up as well. Tax credit service was up as well as was insurance marked a small base. But nice growth in all of those areas.
Christopher Reidy: Let me take the portfolio item. But the portfolio, it's a little bit early to tell because how we're impacted next year, and we'll obviously give you some insights on that as we go forward in the year, but a lot of it has to do with the balance growth this year and what you would expect to see balance growth next year. It has a lot to do with the interest rate expectations whether the forward-yield curve plays out or whether those interest rates stay exactly where they are. I think we'll know more about that as we progress through the year. And so it's a little premature to guess that far into the future, and so more to come on that. But as you can see, we've been able to overcome some of that drag this year, and so we'll continue to focus on that. The first question was around the PEO, I guess. And the PEO, obviously, the margins are on the pressure as you grow benefit pass-throughs significantly like we have. And it's also under some pressure from the standpoint that aren't normal increases in that area when benefits are going up significantly, it's kind of a total cost. And so you don't want to hurt your retention by increasing the pricing. So it's not a competitive pricing issue per se, it's just they're experiencing significant increases in the benefits and unemployment and everything else. What is helpful in that business is that our pricing tends to be around the total payroll. So as pays per control come back, as you start adding employees as you start giving merit increases, there's a natural lift in that business that should help margins going forward. I know that I've talked about this in the past, but if you strip out those pass-throughs and look out how much we make on the bottom line versus the pricing revenue excluding those benefit pass-throughs, those margins are very, very healthy margins. And they are certainly under pressure from the standpoint of the increase in benefit pass-throughs.
Michael Baker: First, I was wondering if you could give some color in terms of what you're seeing on the hiring front within the different segments, that being small business, mid- and large. I know you already commented on international so no need to repeat that.
Michael Baker: Well, kind of like pace type figure broken down just a little bit more in terms of, like, size employer rough sense or some of the dynamics. So it leads on a relative basis we can get a sense for how those companies might be responding given the economy.
Michael Baker: Yes, that is. Because I saw one of your competitors win some business as it related to the exchange and, I was just wondering whether or not you plan to become the exchange, so to speak.
