Carlos Rodriguez: Well in terms of helping you size it, I think that based on the comments you made about our new business bookings. I think you can back into it. It’s about a 2 to 3 percentage point impact for the year on new business bookings gross. So that gives you a sense of from a bookings standpoint what the size of the opportunity is. And just in terms of elaborating a little bit more on it, we actually do these types of deals on a much smaller basis on a fairly regular basis and have been doing them for 20 to 30 years where small providers that are either retiring or selling out, want to sell their book of business, we are not really interested in buying additional platforms or frankly taking infrastructure or offices and so forth. So we structure it really as an agreement where we buy the right to convert the clients and we get some help, and some assistance from the seller. But in essence it looks a lot like a typical new business and the economics would look a lot like a typical new business with the exception of course that we have to pay some acquisition costs if you will to the seller. But the way we organize the effort is very similar to a typical sales effort in a sense that we send out either through our inside sales force or our field sales force, people to get the client to sign a contract with ADP, because we are not buying contracts and we're not buying the business. So they become an ADP client on our pricing terms and we in essence implement them with our resources onto our platform. So it looks a lot like a business as usual. The reason we had to call it out is obviously the size. These typically are frankly really small, a couple of thousand, even in the hundreds of clients CPA Firm or an owner of a small payroll company may be retiring. This is a much larger transaction that has a material, somewhat material impact on our results and our guidance and we thought it was important to point out. We are being a little bit coy about you know the details because obviously for competitive reasons we are literally right in the middle of converting all these clients. So our sales force has already been out for several weeks “selling and converting” these clients and we've begun the implementation process. But most of our competitors are aware of this transaction that was going on. So they are going after those clients as well. So we just rather not talk about it more than we have to, just to make sure we give you the proper context and the proper guidance.
Carlos Rodriguez: Yeah, I wouldn’t call this a small regional player. So this is probably as you get more information about it, I think it will become obvious. This is kind of the last of its kind as far as I'm aware and just for historical purposes, I was personally involved. In 2007 was the first time that I met with this organization about trying to create an opportunity for us to acquire this business or in this case the right to convert these clients and there were people before me who had already been having those discussions. So this has been going on for quite a long time. So I would say this is in the category of relatively unique and in terms of size and also type of payroll provider that it is.
Carlos Rodriguez: But it will help us I think on a go forward basis, because obviously by the first quarter almost all of that selling expense will have – and implementation expenses will be behind us. The amortization expense will still be with us, but most of the acquisition and implementation expenses will already be behind us, and then we’ll have the revenue and incremental margin from that business. So again, had we just made sure that we don’t over complicate this, if we had a – which we’ve had in the past. If we had a blow-out fourth quarter sales results, it would be about the same discussion. We would have had a lot of incremental selling expense and implementation expense, and it would be good news for future growth and for revenues that it will be pressure in the short term on the earnings.
Carlos Rodriguez: It's a great question. I think the way that I look at it, just from a 40,000 foot level is really head count growth year-over-year, because there's so many other pieces of noise like this incremental expense pressure we have in the fourth quarter that’s the best way to really kind of – given that most of our expense is really people related is really FTE growth year-over-year and I think on that basis as we expected and as we predicted and as we encouraged our organization to do, we closed some of the gap that we had in the first quarter by the third quarter. So we're still ahead and we wouldn't be increasing our guidance if we hadn't been still ahead. So we’re still a little bit ahead of where we thought we would be in terms of not back filling as much as we expected, but we closed some of that gap. Now that was the appropriate thing to do, because we want to make sure that our client retention, our client satisfaction, our NPS score stay. I think it’s at the record levels that they are in some of our business units, so that was an important objective for us, which was to extract incremental margin and efficiency out of the organization and out of the business, but at the same time making sure that we stayed focused on client satisfaction and client service. I think we're doing that, I think we've landed the plane in a fairly good place. I think the organization responded well. I think to the absorption of the early retirement reductions, as well as the reworking of some of the things that we do and some of the processes that we have in order to make sure that we can continue to deliver the high levels of service that we have with fewer people.
Carlos Rodriguez: And I think in terms of new contact this was a fairly large undertaking that we hadn't been through before. So I think in the context of you know the guess work that went into the backfills and the pacing of those backfills and so what, I think the organization did a great job.
Carlos Rodriguez: No, I think from a long term strategic standpoint, don't really see any changes from what we've seen for the last, honestly a couple of decades, which is kind of the underlying environment of increasing complexity for small employers and even in this case mid-sized employers I think continues to be a reality. I think the war for talent I think just adds to that dimension of you know small and mid-sized companies now on top of having to deal with regulation and complexity and so forth and it happens in every administration. We’ve seen now this administration obviously has a different view of regulations, but there's still a lot of activity. Like there’s a recent announcement around changes in the overtime regulation that had been previously announced under the Obama administration. So that the world continues to become difficult and complex for small and mid-sized employers and then on top of that very low unemployment rates create a real competitive issue for people to find talent. So all of those things I think are, I think fuel for kind of the long term strategic growth of the PEO models. So there's really nothing that I see that’s changed that potential net trajectory. There’s still relatively low penetration whether it’s at the ADP client base level or even out in the marketplace. The number of clients on PEO's relative to the available market is still relatively small. You know there's obviously noise along the way as Jan mentioned. You know we have a healthcare renewal in the fourth quarter, but we have that every year. We have year-end which tends to create a lot of activity as well and by that I mean January 1, which that's now the times this year, but that occurs every year. You have other kind of events that happen along the way, like ACA was an event that I think had an impact, first positive and then slightly negative afterwards in its week. So there are things that you know will create ups and downs, but overall we're still very bullish on that business in terms of the long term outlook.
Carlos Rodriguez: So when we made the comment about the strength coming from small business and international, it was actually multinational is what we said in our prepared remarks. We’re referring to revenue if you'll recall, which is accurate and actually makes sense, but on our bookings I think we also said that we had broad based new business bookings performance that led to the 10% growth and so by broad based it would include the mid-market and the up market. So we've gotten some help from the decision to you know deploy and sell more aggressively workforce now in the lower end of the national accounts market where the clients that are in kind of the less complex range if you well in smaller size, so call it 1,000 to 5,000 employees and less complex. So that's given a little bit of a boost to our up market sales. I think in the mid-market, when we look at our mid-market business kind of across categories, because we have our traditional payroll business, but we also have a fairly fast growing mid-market business within our PEO, because our PEO sells also mid-market clients. Some of those incentives that we talked about a couple of quarters ago have started to kind of have the desired impact and we've had a little bit of a rebound in the growth of our mid-market PEO business. We also have a mid-market outsourcing business that doesn't have co-employment [ph]. We’ve had it for many years, but that's also a fast growing business as well as within the HRO segment when we talk about the strategic pillars, so it's kind of a sister business if you will to the PEO. So when you add all those together, I think we feel pretty good about our performance in the mid-market. I think our bookings were very good in the third quarter in the up market and I think when you add in global view and some of our other solutions in the up market like standalone tax, like we feel okay about it. As you know we've been very transparent. This is a place where we have work to do and we still think we have some work to do in the very – in the up market domestic business and our new platform that we affectionately referred to as Lifion I think is intended to help boost that. I think the combination of Lifion, Workforce Now and Vantage I think really are positioning us for a much stronger position in the future than what we've had over the last couple years.
Carlos Rodriguez: I think that again unfortunately for Work Force, depending on how look at it for ADP, like Global Cash Card had a certainly a measurable impact, just because of the size and I think we’ve disclosed the size of that acquisition and I think the revenue impact. But generally speaking some of these acquisitions tend to have long term strategic value. I think Celergo which you didn't mention, but is another one that I would bring up, we’d expect that to really have a big impact on our multinational business in the future, but it's just you know because of the size of ADP as $14 billion, these acquisitions just are more strategic rather than kind of short term financial impact plays. On the Global Cash Card side, you know that's a place where we're very I think bullish in terms of the future of using the Pay Card I think as an avenue for growth, because we have a very large installed base that we think will fit – that solutions will fit well for and I think a – there’s demand out on the market place for it. I think WorkMarket as we’ve said, there’s a huge market if not the size, close to the size of kind of our traditional ADP W-2 business for independent contractors. But you know it’s a very, very small impact in the current fiscal year and probably for the next couple of fiscal years. And so how we are – what we are doing with these products as an example in the case of WorkMarket, we are building WorkMarket into Lifion. And so you will have a platform available to clients in the up market that will allow them to manage their entire workforce, their W-2 employees, as well as their independent contractors to have full visibility of their entire work force. So that’s an important, I think move that we’ve made to use the intellectual property and leverage that intellectual property. And then in terms of how we are building, the Cash Card into the future is I think we’ve kind of signaled that we think we have an opportunity to create a larger relationship with the worker and so this concept of B2B2C I think is something that Global Cash Card and Wisely specifically gives us I think an entree into it. So again that’s something that its three, five, ten years down the road, but we're very excited about it.
Carlos Rodriguez: The last part of your question is there’s defiantly an opportunity there, because you're right, our portfolios a little bit broader. So we are very bushing and very optimistic on the transaction. Just to clarify, we didn't say that we would be at the low end. I did say we would be at lease at the lower end and so we feel based on the third quarter bookings performance, based on momentum we feel pretty good about our situation around the business booking. So maybe we weren't strong enough in conveying that. But I think our sales force is executing quite well. I just want to clarify also, it may not have come through that. I've been working on this deal for, personally for than…
Carlos Rodriguez: I don’t think anybody’s working on it before. So we didn’t just run out and try to make an acquisition to make the quarter or to get our booking number up for the fourth quarter. I wish it were that easy because we tried many, many times to make this happen over the course of a decade and this happens to be when they occurred and we would have taken it any time any day, because it's good for our shareholders and its good for our business and we’re very, very pleased that we have it. But we have no concerns about anything happening in the macro environment, on the pricing front or otherwise to make us feel less positive about our sales force, our distribution and our new business bookings.
Carlos Rodriguez: If I remember correctly, it would be the same impact that we talked about that impacted the second quarter. We just – we ended up getting, I think it was two days of less selling in the second quarter which then we got in the third quarter and we saw it. If you remember the conference call that we had, we already had those two days, so we knew we could see that our sales in the first couple weeks of this quarter had kind of rebounded and I think it was a few percentage points if I’m not mistaken. I think was two to three percentage points of impact on the second quarter, which means we probably got a little bit of benefit to that extent in the third quarter.
Carlos Rodriguez: I think it's fair to say if you take all the noise out of calendar and so forth that we feel like we're right where we thought we would be in terms of book, in terms of where our plans were and where our objections were.
Carlos Rodriguez: Well obviously we don’t provide retention by business unit, but maybe we can give you some – I think we already gave you some colors, and some sense of that. I think Jan talked about some really good improvement in our mid-market and our mid-market business. We do have obviously a number of other businesses besides kind of the general categories of small, medium and large. Like for example in the down market we have our retirement services business, we have an insurance businesses that really acts as an agency in addition to the traditional payroll business. We talked about the outsourcing businesses that we have, that are in employer services, but are not part of the PEO. So these kind of more comprehensive solutions if you will that those are, those business have gotten to be a meaningful size as well. We have a screening and selection business, we have an RPO business. So we have a lot of moving parts, and I think for us to get improvements in retention, we have to have broad-based improvements and client satisfaction and NPS scores and execution. It’s just there is no way around it. So you have to assume that – by the way for the last, as long as ADP has been around, we have some people that are performing better, any particular quarter or any particular year, and others that are performing less well. But when you see this kind of trend, you have to assume that the overall company is performing better and executing well, which is what is happening.
Carlos Rodriguez: Its small and mid, which is traditionally the way these – these acquisitions are typically in that space and technically not acquisitions just to be clear. If you remember, the right to convert the client on our platforms from their previous provider. So these are typically, I don’t think we’ve ever been able to do – who knows, but we’ve never been able to do this with kind of enterprise size clients. I guess it's technically possible just to buy the right to convert. This typically happens with small and mid-size client. The majority, of the clients would be small clients and some mid-sized clients.
Carlos Rodriguez: Thank you. So as you can tell, I think from our comments we are really pleased with the rebound in our bookings. We are happy with this transaction that we consummated in late March. I think we have good momentum. I think our financial performance has been strong. But I also want to kind of call out to the comment and the question about retention. We really wouldn't be able to perform on a long term basis as well as we're performing if we weren’t really delivering strong client satisfaction and better products. So I want to also complement our associates and our organization on staying focused on NPS scores, on client satisfaction and on building stronger products, because the performance of the financial side doesn't come without those factors. And all while we are doing that, we are trying to transform our business and I think become more efficient. So there is a lot of effort and a lot of work and I appreciate all of that everyone is doing. Last thing I just want to mention is obviously we’re very excited about having Kathleen here with us and everyone will get to know her, but it's bittersweet moment here with Jan leaving. As always, even the way he handled this transition was a total class act. So you know we've been partners here for a long time, prior to us being either CEO or CFO, we've been through a lot together, we've done a lot and I just want to thank Jan one more time for everything you've done not just for our shareholders and for all of you who are here on the call. But he’s also done a lot for our clients, our associates, and he did quite a bit for his community as well. So Jan, I thank you again, and I declare you not only Ironman Athlete, but Ironman CFO.
Carlos Rodriguez: Thanks for everything Jan. Good luck to you. And thank you today for your attention. I appreciate it.
Jan Siegmund: And maybe I'll add within the nuts and bolts, as a reminder we anticipated the impact of the older early retirement program to happen in your life. The impact of approximately $150 million and we are anticipating that to be true going forward. So the overall opportunity has not increased, but we captured in this fiscal year a higher percentage of that total number which we now expect slightly to be below that and like 140 – I would say roughly $140 million to $150 million. So we think Jason that the overall assumptions regarding the back hiring and the backfills remains intact.
Jan Siegmund: And on the short term Jim, you were following up on the specifics of the healthcare renewal I think. We don't see anything specifically positive or negative on this healthcare renewal, so it's kind of – it always changes by carrier as we receive the proposals, but it feels like largely in line with the historic trends that we have seen.
Jan Siegmund: I think the easiest way Jim to think about it is we increased our guidance and you've got basically the incremental number from Carlos today. If you translate those new business bookings, they will be caused by largely smaller clients. We anticipate an almost full run rate of revenues for next year. So you just translate the incremental new business bookings into yes, they are all yes clients and then they will become revenues.
Jan Siegmund: Like 1% of new business bookings growth Christian reminds me, there’s approximately $15 million of revenue. So that gives you a good – I think that gives you a fair sizing of the opportunity.
Jan Siegmund: Yes, I felt – I think it was a couple of quarters ago where I got a question, I gave a very short answer about nothing or anything going wrong in the economy and then I looked like I was going to have egg on my face in December and January, but maybe we’re now somewhat vindicated in terms of – our data has been consistently showing I think the economy continuing to move along at a very good pace. And so I think today we – the national and former report came out. You see our pace booking pool number and you see government GDP reports a few days ago and I think all of those are consistent with I think an economy that's performing quite well and so I would say we would stick to the same; won’t be quite as cavalier anymore about making economic predictions, but we don't see any real change in the current trends. Obviously Jan and I've been saying this for a couple of years and I think we’ve so far been proven wrong that you know with unemployment as low as it is, the growth in the amount of employment at some point should slow, but it appears that there's enough people on the sidelines just based on this labor participation rate number that people are still being drawn into the workforce. You know the one thing that we will point out is we’ve seen like the government and others some wage pressure which actually is good for us and we kind of like wage pressure. Not necessarily because of the pressure it puts on our cost internally, but you know our flow business benefits a little bit from higher wage inflation, obviously because it increases our balances. It’s not a meaningful number given how much inflation we've had, but the trend has been up for multiple quarters now. But I think it's all – it seems like the economy is performing very well and we look at all the other indicators that everyone else looks at, like NFIB optimism leading indicators, all the other Michigan leading indicators, all those other things, I think all look very strong.
Jan Siegmund: And if I add two seconds on our European business, the last three months in Europe actually were also stronger relative to our pace for control metrics. I wouldn't over read it, but it was a very solid European quarter also.
Jan Siegmund: If I add to this, we have seen continued improvement in our client satisfaction and retention in particular in the mid-market we’re seeing the benefit of being on one platform, clients staying longer and now for many quarters in a row mid-market retention has really improved overall and so the mid-market, it is to me the midmarket compound of all these factors together is a much stronger position that was just a few quarters ago.
Jan Siegmund: So, I think we traditionally provide guidance in August. So I think that would be the tradition that we will stick to. I think we are a middle of our operating plan season here and that will obviously give us a little bit more visibility into ’20, into fiscal year ‘20 which will then appear in August. You know we gave three year guidance and I think our intention wasn't to update it quarterly. And I think when we get to I think the guidance for fiscal year ’20 we’ll see I think what that implies in terms of the guidance.
Jan Siegmund: So I mentioned two things. First on Employer Services, I think we tried to be clear that we have a little bit of additional FX pressure which is obviously something that we don't control over or we don't factor it in at the beginning of the year. So I think that’s – at least for now that’s some of it, because you would see from our third quarter bookings that we feel pretty good about the long term future trajectory from a revenue growth standpoint. On the PEO I think we cautioned I think over many years and even when we did our Investor Day, that a very large part of our guidance around PEO revenues and overall ADP revenues is that the growth of pass-throughs, which has no impact on dollars of profit. It has an impact on margin, because the slower those pass-throughs grow they actually help us with our margin percent objectives, but the faster they grow the more they hurt that margin. And so we’ve cautioned and encourage people to not get too caught up. If the source of weakness is pass-through revenues, that's really not a value creating revenue stream for us. It’s part of the way we – the business model and its part of the way we bill our clients, but I would say that the tone you should be hearing from us on the PEO is actually quite positive. It has been positive since the first quarter and was positive even entering into the first quarter and the only thing that changed from you know six months before that was the pace of past-through growth which slowed in a meaningful enough way that it put pressure on the top line revenue growth for the PEO. But I would encourage you to stay focused on kind of the revenues, excluding pass-throughs and worksite employees and the other metrics which we feel are actually strong if not ahead of where we expect them to be.
Jan Siegmund: And maybe I'll add a more tactical comment because this quarter really had an unusual revenue growth outcome. Just reminding everybody that much of that in the PEO of course we explained with the timing of SUI revenue collection and a couple of other one-time moving items also and we had also a timing effect of revenue relative to processing days in the second quarter that moved into the second quarter on the site. So once you adjust for all of that, actually the organic revenue growth rate for the company is fairly close to where we want it to be and if you look on a year-over-year comparison I think we remain optimistic about an acceleration of our organic revenue growth, in particular in the ES segment that should really drive overall, long term success of the company. And as you know, we have built in scale in our business model. A growing company and shows competitiveness so that’s a strong commitment to drive the revenue growth as we had indicated going forward.
Jan Siegmund: And this timing event overall didn't really impact our full year outlook for new business bookings. So it was really neutral and everything we thought we lost was made up as precise as it can be, and these things was made up in January.
