Carlos Rodriguez: Well, Jan has the numbers in terms of -- on Workforce Now. In terms of our priorities, just again I want to reemphasize how proud we are of the organization and small business. It took on us very large task of moving several hundred thousands clients which is benefit of hindsight now seems like the right decision and we actually had our retention improve and our margin and cost structure improve in that business over the last two three years. But that wasn't -- it wasn't obvious that was going to be the outcome at the time. There was a lot of  trepidation about losing clients and competitive issues and so forth and it just -- it turned out be very well executed migration that really enhance our competitiveness, our market position, our market share just really across the board. A great job by that organization and we are right at the end of the show here with only couple of thousands clients. So I just want give, praise to that organization in terms of the job they did because that was serve I think as an example for the rest of the organization as to what can be done and what the outcomes are when it is done in terms of migration because you can just feel simplification and the simplicity entering into that business as a result of having only platform, having to train only one set of implementation, associate, maintaining only one platform, it just got -- it is a real home run so obviously now we turn our sight to the mid market and to the up market. We have a lot of momentum and lot of progress already with Workforce Now in the mid market and really national accounts where the up market is where we are now training our sight to as quickly as possible began moving larger client. So right now the focus for us is doing what we can to use both internal resources and we are actually -- I think we mentioned in the last call actually also using some external resources to help with those migration in the up market to try to accelerate. So I guess the answer to the question is we are trying to move resources that were being focused on the migration to RUN and the small business market over national account. And I think in the mid market it is steady as you go, we are just continuing to plow away and moving as many clients as possible over to our strategic platforms. I think Jan has the numbers. 
Carlos Rodriguez: I think the other thing just to reiterate why we are doing this. I think there are a variety of reasons but clearly two of the most important reasons are as we use the number of legacy platforms we can reinvest those funds in our strategic go forward platforms. So that's exciting to be able to put even more resources into the new stuff. And second of all it is to improve our competitiveness in the market place because this older legacy platform sometimes creates an exposure from client retention standpoint. So I think we've so far, knock on wood, I think proven that we are getting a both of those things and done some from these migration strategy. 
Carlos Rodriguez: We try not to get into specific one by one competitors, I think overall in the categories that you described we have obviously a lot of data around win loss ratio and we have some data around market share and I think that's why we make the comments that we believe our competitiveness is improving because I think our metrics show that. And again these are incremental improvements but we are still happy with them and they are going in the right direction. I don't know if Jan has any additional color but we measured competitiveness really in terms of winning or losing in the market place. And we believe that our win rate curve improved as a result of not just our investments in new products but also these moves are putting our clients on a newest platform.
Carlos Rodriguez: So I think as we mentioned in prior calls in terms of being consistent about giving the same answer when things are good versus when they are not so good. Sales for us are more variable than obviously our revenue is in other metrics in our business because the nature of the way our new business booking work. So there are lots of things that have an impact. Incentive has an impact and we talked about that in the past. Sometimes our incentives can hurt us and sometimes they can create more difficult compares. The economy clearly has something to do with it. Competitors obviously are a factor as well as the strength of our product and the timing of product releases. So there are just a lot of things that go into the mix. So it's very, very hard with a degree of I think objectivity to give you specific answers to what's driven the strength. But this is our second quarter of double digit sales growth and when I look at the trends over the last -- won't call the trend but we have now couple of decades of data around our quarterly sales results. And this feels like a very good situation for us because as you know last year we ended the year with 7% sales growth after several years of double digit sales growth. And I think we are on track this year obviously based on our revised guidance the double digit gains so it is incredibly pleasing because I think it appears that we've at a minimum broke-in kind of what I'd call the economic cycle issue which is -- we have tended in the past and strong economic cycles to go double digit and then we kind of trail off in terms of sales growth over time and then during recession we end up going negative. And so this time when I look at that chart and I look at that trend, this is -- this was an important year for us, important quarter and important six months in showing that we can continue to grow our sales at double digit, ex any factors in the economy or in this case we have some issues abroad and Europe and few other places. So I wish I can give you an objective answer other than it is a combination of a lot of things. I think our products are getting incrementally better. Our sales force is executing incredibly well. We've refined some of our incentives over the years to I think drive better sales results and we have also changed the mix of our sales headcount to have more components in our inside sales force to drive our sales expense to a better level. So it is just -- again I gave lot of praise to our small business division for the migrations over the RUN and also got given an enormous amount of praise to our sales force in terms of the way they executed this quarter and these six months because last year was not -- it was a tough year. And again just to reiterate it is across the board. I wasn't trying to be short in that end but it is just that that is the fact. Double digit sales growth across really all of ours sales segment, up market, mid market, low end, just really across the board. So I can't unfortunately provide you any more detail on that. 
Carlos Rodriguez: Funny you should mention that because I asked Sara for that data couple of days ago just to -- we are obviously not going to talk about January because that's the -- it is next quarter's discussion but we do have the January results and I was curious to see how much of the year's quota has been expanded because we do have very strong sales in November. And very strong sales in January due to seasonality. But we also have as you have probably seen in the past, very, very strong June mainly driven because of yearend incentives which we've talked about I think quite a bit. Both the positives and the negative. So the long and short of it is that it actually works out the right about balance so in seven out of 12 months we have expanded about 7/12th of our quote and I think in six months so there is probably a little bit less but it is really not -- it is not meaningful in terms of difference in terms of you being able to think through or me being able to think through, the odds of asking able to hit our forecast given what where we are in the year. We feel pretty good about hitting our forecast. 
Carlos Rodriguez: And as a reminder 1% change in pays per control is $8 million in annual revenue. So if that were to change by half of a percent for the rest of the year, it would be $2 million impact for revenue so I think as Jan said really not that impactful but more importantly we've seen this movie before where we are incredibly please that it is holding up at that level and it has been that way for a few years. But it will at some point come down to 2.5 or 2 or somewhere in that range but we hope it continues indefinitely but we are not planning on that.
Carlos Rodriguez: We don't have any specific numbers that we can share but we are very, very pleased. Jan may want to add his own color. We had a business review with the folks running that business actually quite recently and the number of units that we've sold and the new business bookings, we have generated new business bookings from this product, and we have actually started a handful of clients, and we have a very large backlog, and we're very excited about it.
Carlos Rodriguez: Thanks, Jan. Maybe my enthusiasm got ahead of me because our blessing and our curses that we have nearly $1.6 billion in new bookings, and $11 billion in revenue. So I think Jan is very correct that my enthusiasm wasn't intended to imply that this is going to add two to three points of either sales growth or a point of revenue growth. You can just do the math in terms of what that would imply. We hope that over the next two to three years it could be meaningful and significant, but clearly for this year it is not going to -- it's helping and rounding things out, but I should have probably been more careful in the choice of my words.
Carlos Rodriguez: Sure. First of all, let me just say that I was actually in Atlanta, had a great visit to Atlanta in December and visited with a couple of the business units that operate mainly out of our Atlanta office, including the PEO, and folks who run the ASO. And that business just in general is executing incredibly well, both PEO and the ASO. So really all of our -- all of our BPO offerings, mid market, up market, and the ones that you're referring to, PEO and ASO, are all I think really resonating in the marketplace, probably driven in part by this increasing complexity around compliance. So some of it is ACA driven in terms of people just looking for alternative, that's creating more meetings and more discussions which leads to more opportunities, and then closing more business. Some of it may be what appears to be a growing need for focusing on talent as the unemployment rate begins to dip here and people start to focus more on attracting and retaining and managing their workforce well. So I think there are probably a number of reasons in terms of creating some tailwind. But the very -- a great discussion, and just business is really executing very, very well, both the ASO and the PEO, just across the board, great execution on the sales results but also in terms of the implementation of our business and the underlying metrics of the business in terms of pays per control there. They're all just -- they're all in very good shape. So great discussion that went
Carlos Rodriguez: And I think our plan is to have the momentum continue forever. That would be the way we are planning things because in part the market share of the PEO industry in general in relation to the total employment for small and midsized businesses is relatively low. This is a theme that I think has been true for a couple of decades. I think the backdrop in terms of the economy and the regulatory environment has some impact on whether clients are open to discussion or not. But the fact of the matter is you want to be in businesses preferably with lower penetration versus the higher penetration. I think the PEO is that kind of business where only a couple percentage points at most of employees -- the available market are actually using a PEO. So we believe that theoretically the opportunity is very large and then it becomes a question of execution. And as I mentioned, other factors that may or may not be tailwinds, like the regulatory environment which we think happens to be very favorable right now. We haven't seen any signs yet that everyone is all of a sudden in compliance, and that there's no more interest in the PEO because you saw the quarter results, and I think our forecast for sales results for the rest of the year for that business would not indicate any feeling or belief that interest is drying up. So I think that there is a need to be in compliance, but if you remember, ACA is mostly affecting over -- and clients with over 50 employees. What are causing some of the interest in PEO is the entire backdrop around ACA and the regulatory environment which is people scrambling to have competitive benefit plans that you can compete also with some of these exchanges. So it's not specifically clients that need it on a particular date to be in compliance. I think this is something that will continue for many years to come where small companies and midsize companies are going to be looking for alternatives to healthcare plans that they may have in the past, add on an individual plan basis, whether that be they look at our solutions through the PEO, or they look at exchanges. I think people are just looking for alternatives to be able to control healthcare cost to be competitive in their own business.
Carlos Rodriguez: Just in terms of -- I'll let -- actually Jan can be talk about the examples in the ADP marketplace because he is equally excited about that. But in terms of your question about innovation driven products and growth coming from that, again, back to unfortunately you have to go back to the comment in terms of just keeping us all on the same page because of our size and our new business bookings, so our new business bookings per year are larger than most of our competitors combined. So we have a large path. I think the innovation lab and some of our focus on product is intended to as to use Jan's words to round out and ensure and hopefully improve a little bit on our growth rate in sales and revenue. So clearly we would be less than ambitious if we told you that we're just trying to stay in place. But we're clearly trying to accelerate our growth. Again the expectations that we create it is very important for us to be transparent, and I think for us to move our revenue growth up a couple percentage points is very difficult and requires a big increase in new business bookings and very, very good client retention. So having said all that, that's our plan, is to try to continue to drive and improve revenue growth through better net new business which is the difference between start or new business bookings and or loss. And our innovation investments are a large part of that. As we said multiple times. All of the products that we've discussed that have come out thus far, that are new out of either innovation lab or some of our other processes that we have internally in terms of new product launches are relatively small in comparison to the size of our new business bookings in total and to ADP overall. So it is very, very hard to say today that it is going to add x amount of incremental sales for revenue growth but that's our plan over multiple years is to really have a pipeline of organically built and organically developed products that are easier to use and provide better value to our clients and are better integrated to really drive more unit sales but also more sales of our additional modules around benefits, talent management, and other areas around HCM in addition to our traditional payroll. So I don't know, Jan, if you want to talk about the marketplace. 
Carlos Rodriguez: I think, in a nutshell, it's really asked for, and we already have an app there, and we intend to drive more partnerships. And we hope that it will not only make things better for our clients because of their ability to integrate, but we do have revenue share agreements like anyone else would have in their types of app scores, so the key question is what's going to be the degree of success? Because this literally brand new. So we'll obviously keep you informed because this could end up being a large opportunity, or it may not, from a revenue and sales standpoint.
Carlos Rodriguez: In the PEO, the mix of business, our PEO tends to be more white and gray collar than I think the average of the US economy and some other PEOs. So that's number one. If our average client size I believe are around 40, if I'm not mistaken. Yes, I'm getting the confirmation it is around 40. So that tends to be probably slightly larger than maybe some other PEOs. But we still have a lot of small business clients. So it is obviously they're averages. We have large clients that improve the average but it's still largely an under 50 sweet spot business if you will. In terms of industries, tend to stay away from -- it doesn't mean we don't have any, we tend to stay away from very high-risk things like roofers and construction and so forth. In terms of the impact on the margins on the overall business, we segment report so it's mathematically it's a drag on our earnings when PEO is growing as robustly as it is. Having said that, the fact of the matter is, that on an earnings -- pure earnings growth standpoint, it is an incredibly accretive and profitable and attractive business on any measure, whether it's on an MPV basis, the business requires no investment per se. Whatever investment we make, most of them run through the P&L so there's no kind of outside capital investments that would drive kind of return other than what you are seeing which is a very, very high return business despite the fact that because of its profile it just happens to have a lower margin because of all the past. So we will grow the PEO as fast as we can, because it will add to EPS growth and shareholder value, and we will explain and manage through the margin compression if necessary.
Carlos Rodriguez: It's been very consistent for a long, long time, and I don't anticipate that it is going to change dramatically. When we had our business review in Atlanta, the profitability of our large clients versus our small clients, there's some differences, but it wasn't meaningful. So and again, we have 350,000 worksite employees now. To move that number from 40 to 20 is almost impossible in any kind of reasonable period of time. On your question about what things do we want to -- I think your question was what we want to make more investments in. 
Carlos Rodriguez: From a product portfolio standpoint, I think you are going to see us continuing to make the same kinds of investments that you have seen us do over the last two or three years which are really focused on creating a better integrated, easier to use experience for our clients. And so the work that we're doing in the up market and the work that you have seen us do in Workforce Now are all around all of that. So we have -- we believe we have already a very broad set of solutions in HCM all the way from recruitment to retirement. So what we're really trying to do is enhance the usability of our products and the integration of our products, and then obviously we mentioned in our talking points that we believe that data analytics is a huge source of potential competitive advantage and insight that we could provide for our clients, because now that we're all in on HCM what we really want to do is be known for helping our clients better manage their workforce. And that means going beyond just data processing and being efficient to really providing expertise and insight and data we have I think allows us to do that but that requires some investment as well.
Carlos Rodriguez: I may have confused the issue by bringing even the topic of incentive. There have been no changes in incentives. I just always mention that because it seems to rear its head sometimes in our fourth quarter, either positive or negative. And then it rears its head again in the first quarter because we have a lot of incentives that drive year end results. This is true in almost every company that has a sales force where you have accelerators or incentives towards the end of the year. So I think it happens a lot in software companies. And so we're no different. So this specific quarter, no changes in incentives, so there's really nothing to report there. I should have probably not brought it up. In terms of how much of it was new product versus sales force execution, I think the people from R&D would say that it was 100% product, and sales would say that it's 100% execution. So the truth is probably somewhere in between. 
Carlos Rodriguez: And that productivity has really been phenomenal for multiple years now. And I'm sure that products are helping but clearly it's also really great execution and great leadership in that organization. They have proven once again this quarter that we have the best direct sales force in the world.
Carlos Rodriguez: We watch those numbers very carefully, and we're also very, very careful about how we talk about. I would just tell you the best way to describe it are a generalization. I think Jan can add, but I would say that we are very, very pleased with the focus that our business leaders have in improving our win rate, our win/loss rate, not just at the retention level in terms of losing clients with but upfront in the sales process. And so I think we have leaders who understand the importance of winning in the marketplace and of increasing market share and metrics we have are very encouraging.
Carlos Rodriguez: I think it's a very good question, and again we would hope that the momentum continues indefinitely, but I would tell you that when you look at our operating plans and our forecasts, the compares do get more difficult. That business happens to have a great deal of lumpiness on January 1st because of the way taxes operate in the PEO environment. Ironically, it was a change in the law as part of the yearend Congressional law that were passed that are going to make that a little bit easier going forward and PEOs are not going to have to restart taxes. So that should smooth out the lumpiness of that business somewhat, and not have such a huge peak in January. But the reason I bring that up is because of that peak in January, the growth rate of that business, even though they tend to have another peak in June because of our fiscal yearend and the incentives that we always talk about in sales there, January has been a particularly important number for us in the PEO business because the difference between the new business bookings and the losses that take place in that December to January timeframe tend to drive the year-over-year growth rate on worksite employees for the next 12 months on a calendar year basis. And because of just the size of the business, which is 350,000 worksite employees, I think anyone can do the math and figure out how many new worksite employees we need to sell. We know what our retention rate or you can probably guess close to what our retention rate is, and you can figure out that, that the need to sell that many clients larger than probably all but two or three other competitors in the space. So it is - the compares are getting difficult to say the least. And we are entering the law of large numbers. So if it were me, I would probably be expecting moderation in the growth rate. It doesn't mean that it is going to happen next quarter or this fiscal year, but I think it is a good idea to moderate expected growth rate of that business. We've been incredibly pleased with it for the last two or three years, but I think we're just trying to be realistic here in terms of expectations.
Carlos Rodriguez: Actually all of the above. So its additional fees as in fees that drive our kind of bottom line we call processing revenue and hence our profitability plus also the pass. So whenever you have inflation in either workers' compensation or in benefits cost, that will also drive growth obviously in revenue and also growth in revenue per worksite employee in that business. So we give you the worksite employee number, and we provide in the Q and in the 10-K pass through, and you can actually do the math and figure out how much of the growth is coming, as we're trying to be transparent, how much of the growth is coming from pass through, and that allows you to back into how much of the growth is coming from our fees, if you will, and again, back to my visit to Atlanta, I think they're both growing at reasonable rates. So there isn't -- and again, we would tell if you our fees were dropping and it were all because of pass through. The reason we haven't told you that is because it's not true and there's nothing to report. It's been consistent for many years now that the PEO has been growing its own internal fee income per worksite employee at a -- call it 2% to 3% rate and than the pass has been growing at varying rates, depending on what's happening with healthcare inflation.
Carlos Rodriguez: We actually -- we do still do acquisitions in kind of our core payroll business as you have just described. They tend to be kind of tuck-in and they're just migrations. As you can tell from our theme, we're trying not to maintain and add additional platforms in our business for the time being. But we do those. Again because of our size, we don't talk about those a lot, but we are kind of actively using our capital to when we can grow market share as long as there's a good MVP associated with the acquisition. We tend to call those client based acquisitions where we are buying the clients and moving them on to our platform rather than buying the entire entity or the company. Outside of that space in terms of just the broad HCM market, again we think we have a broad solution from recruitment to retirement, but we absolutely understand and acknowledge that there are people that are stronger than we are in some parts of HCM, and it may be appropriate at some point and in some cases to enhance our capabilities through M&A activity or through acquisitions. So we are -- it may not feel like it or look like it to many people, but we do want to use our capital, but we want to use it wisely. And so it has to make sense in terms of the technology that we're getting, and it can't just be revenue and a new platform. That's not our strategy, and so there has to be on our terms and it has to fit into our strategic direction. But we believe that there are opportunities out there that would enhance our competitiveness and our ability to grow and add new business bookings, but we're being incredibly disciplined, and as you know, the valuation backdrop is not favorable in the HCM market right now. And I think the other big opportunity for us is geographic. You saw that we made an acquisition in Latin America last year. And this is a place where, again, back to the issues of market share, we talk about the PEO having very low penetration in general in our PEO specifically, geography is another place where you look at outside the US, ADP has really only scratched the surface of opportunities in many of the geographic opportunities that we serve. Not just multinationals but also in countries. So this is another place where it would be a safe assumption to plan on us using our capital to kind of expand our reach globally. It may be counterintuitive because today it feels like because of what's happened with FX, everyone is running from international but generally speaking that's exactly the time to look at something is when everyone else is running away. So we're, I think continuing to look at opportunities outside the US and trying to find ways of enhancing our competitive strength and our growth outside the US.
Carlos Rodriguez: I think it's a good question. Just because of again of our size and our geographic spread and our industry spread, the answer would be no. Certainly not something that we've been able to identify. So we will look at it again to make sure that my answer is correct, but we really don't have that kind of concentration in our business. We're so big and so broad, both in the US and also globally, that the real impact is the FX impact which may or may not be connected to what's going on with oil, but it's certainly connected to what's happening in Europe and Japan and other parts of the world. And luckily for us, only 18%, in this case luckily for us, because it is something we've been trying to address, and I just mentioned in my previous comments, we're trying to become bigger internationally, but the fact is that today our revenues outside the US are only 18%. And as you know, some companies that are peers are in the S&P 500 have close to 50% of their operating earnings and their revenues outside the US. So we have relatively less exposure. And that happens to work out well right now. Our operating income I believe is only 15% exposed outside the US, and both the 18% and the 15% include Latin America, Brazil, and include some business in Asia. So our European exposure is even less than 18%. So again, it's a drag on our revenues and our operating income, but our relative basis, it's a smaller impact for us than it is for some of our other large cap brethren.
Carlos Rodriguez: And Canada is -- it's actually a relevant good question because Canada is a relatively large business calls it between $300 million and $400 million, and it's quite profitable. So it's like a small version of the US, a very good business. I have been in Canada for decades and decades and the reason I mention that is clearly because of the profitability of that business and we have a very good float income business in Canada as well. The impact of the Canadian dollar move has a decent impact on our overall revenue growth in Canada and also our operating income growth in Canada when it gets translated to US dollars.
Carlos Rodriguez: I don't think I'm going to take that bait. So I think it varies. I think our strategic platforms are actually quite well integrated and quite broad and have rich feature functionality. So we still have pockets. We haven't been able to migrate clients where competitors would point out lack of integration. And I think that's just lack of ability or termination to move those clients to our strategic platform. Because once we have those clients on our strategic platform, I think these issues of integration tend to fade into the background. So I think it's a legitimate criticism of us, but it's old news, and it's historical, and it won't be true in the near future. 
Carlos Rodriguez: Frankly, the two businesses because of co-employment, because of pass through and a number of other issues, it's a separate segment. But the businesses have a lot of share a lot of things in common, including the sales forces work very, very close together. So our small business and midsize business sales forces of which you know we have thousands of people on the street, provide leads to our PEO sales force, which has its own sales force, but without their brothers and sisters in the rest of ADP, I don't believe that our PEO would have the kind of success that it has today. So the biggest synergy we believe that we have in distribution and in sales, and we believe it is large, and a very big move for our business has been historically and I think it will be going forward. I think there are other advantages. We have capital so when we run into issues around historically in the marketplace around workers' compensation, we've been able to do things that others eventually were able to do but we had more flexibility in terms of being able to use our capital and our strong credit rating. And so I think there are other advantages to having the PEO be part of ADP, but the most important one is the sales synergy. So I would say that I can't envision that business being a separate business.
Carlos Rodriguez: Right. I think it depends on the competition. If we were able -- ever able to get into a situation where there were no competitors left, then we would not reinvest anything in the business. But we're trying to build, I think Jan and myself and the entire management team I think are keenly aware that today we have the opposite situation where we have a highly competitive environment and a lot of competitors, some of which have done a very nice job. And so our plan for the short term and medium term, and we'll go into a little bit more detail at the Investor Day, is to invest as much as we can in creating long-term value for this company. But we are a 65 year old company. We intend to be around for another 65 years. And the only way to do that is to be constantly reinventing yourself and reinvesting in the business. And so our strategies around migrations are in part to make sure that our stakeholders and our shareholders also get some return in the form of improved margin. But the main reason why we're doing the things we do is to create better competitiveness and to create long-term value for the company, so that we make sure this enterprise endures and continues to grow at a very good rate for a long time, not just for a year or two.
Carlos Rodriguez: Yes. I think, Mark, thank you for the question. When we talk about ADP's global footprint just to level set, we have a physical presence of in country solutions in about 40 countries and we offer within a 100 countries now solution and some of these countries we serve through partners and our Latin American acquisition that we did little bit more than a year ago, was one of those partners that we worked with and they were great partners since the integration and ownership of certain technology assets allows us to improve the services to offer client a more integrated as we talk solutions, so when we evaluate where to expand and what country, it is really driven by the demand of our multinational clients and the ability to have partners that have good technology solutions and services that would help us further differentiate that solution. And today already a market leading solutions in the vast majority of the outsource global market is really captured by ADP. So we are very, very good on the multinational side. And we would continue to keep that said advantage that we have by investments. So I think it is really driven by where is the lot of demand and is in that country a good competitor or a good partner that we think is viable to be acquired and I think that will drive the expansion to moderate that expectations these tend to be now smaller countries or faster growing countries so the acquisitions are maybe a bit smaller in nature and more technology oriented but they will certainly then help us to just mend our leading position over time.
Carlos Rodriguez: So again back to the visit n Atlanta, we've got some information on some of those questions and I think that we've actually consistently for many, many years had a mix of our clients that we get from other PEOs and again this very similar to the ADP business model and a fair amount that comes from we call in house so they are doing it themselves, they have an insurance broker for insurance and they do payroll with ADP or with someone else. And so I don't think there is really any meaningful change to report there. Clearly, there are no more competitors that have higher profile now in the PEO space and maybe two or three years ago but again this is a business where we clearly run into competition but because of penetration rates and market share for both us and our competitors, there are still a lot of open territory out there in terms of not on only geographically but I mean in terms of clients to sell that are not necessarily with a competitor. Having said that, we clearly take our fair share from competitors and some of them take their fair share from us. But there is really nothing meaningful to report there. And some of the geographic distribution of our success again because of the size of the business, we clearly have variability in terms of different regions in different parts of the country which are driven in some case by execution issues and other cases by past through costs like healthcare so a variety of reasons that might cause shift in one region versus other. But because of sheer size there really isn't anyone region who is performing very poorly because it would be impossible for us to generate the kind of results that we are delivering now if we had any one specific geographic region not performing. So they are really performing well in a fairly balanced way. There is really nothing significant to report there either. 
Carlos Rodriguez: The changes in the law really affect the way taxes start at the federal level and so I don't think they really causes the change in geographic -- well it could be because higher wage client in California and New York for example, the tax restart issues was more pronounced in higher wage areas and higher wage state. So it might be some small impact from -- positive impact from the fact that the taxes won't have to restart again. But I think the biggest impact that we expect to see is more evenly distributed sales throughout the year. And clients not having to wait till January 1st start because of this negative impact from the tax restart. So that actually the most meaningful -- the most meaningful issue. And I think that helps a lot in terms of the execution of that business and it might actually help a little bit in terms of incremental sales because it is not always easy to talk to client in June and then convince them to sign but start in on January 1st. So the fact that the client can now sign up and start in June without any negative impacts on the tax restarts should be an enhancement to our competitiveness and to industry's competitiveness.
Carlos Rodriguez: Well, I think the -- that the best way to answer that is that I think that the PEO general depending on how much risk you take and how -- I don't think the secular growth or tailwinds really impact the -- I guess our view of the world that way. In the sense that now insurance cycle tend to take place over long period of time. They don't take place in one quarter or one year. And whenever you take risks whether it is on healthcare or workers' compensation, the balance sheet reserve that you have are very, very important. Secondly, what you have been taking in terms of P&L expense to drive those reserves is incredibly important too because it is either accurately reflects or doesn't accurately reflect true profitability of those worksite employees for those client. So I guess that's go on and on but no it doesn't change our view that these businesses have underlying insurance risks and as long as PEO is taking risks, you have to then analyze it and look at it as an insurance risk rather than as a recurring revenue processing business which is the rest of our businesses are. So we treat the PEO as one of those ADP business and transfer the risk to either the carrier through healthcare or in case of workers' compensation to captive which is run by our corporate group at an arm's length and hence we believe that we run ours by isolating or limiting the insurance exposure and I think most of our competitors take a lot more risk than we do. Whether they are small or large and that's not of interest to us.
Carlos Rodriguez: No. We don't really disclose sales headcount by business unit. But you can assume that it is growing at the same in line with kind of the overall sales headcount growth of plus or minus little bit but not as -- as Jan said we are trying to grow our sales headcounts call it between 2% and 4% and then try to achieve the rest of our sales results through productivity improvements. 
Carlos Rodriguez: I think when we talked about the European performance and almost that backdrop is still sluggish as we would describe it but overall the performance actually of our national was quite good.
Carlos Rodriguez: So thank you all joining the call today. You probably could tell that we are very pleased with the fundamental performance of the business here in the first six months. Very, very happy with the record client retention and the very, very strong new business bookings growth. And I think both of those things reflect that we are winning our fair share in the market. And despite the economic headwinds from the foreign currency translation and some still ongoing pressure from interest rate, still on track to deliver our full year revenue and earnings guidance which is very satisfying for us. Hope to see you at our Investor Day on March the 3rd, New York City. And thank you again for joining us and have a nice day.
Jan Siegmund: Yes, Sara, So as Carlos mentioned of course RUN is huge success story so now with almost 425,000 clients on that platform is really a wonderful outcome. And we are making similar steady progress on the PCPW migration in major accounts and I think we have formally alluded that we would finish this by the end of fiscal year; we are still on track for that. We migrate in the first half of approximately 3,000 and we have about the same left, so we are really here in the final stages of also finishing that major migration project. 
Jan Siegmund: Yes. Maybe I'll answer that. Really we're for the first half of the year, and the number itself is not that impactful for our total results. So it is really depended of --if the economy going to change significant course we had, great employment growth of the country for now a number of years so we didn't feel we needed to updated it but it should be right around somewhere. 
Jan Siegmund: I think may be a few the ACA product has a new direction serves, of course, as an example of ADP's strength of combining technology with compliance. And so we fun lighted [ph] of course it is one of the largest problem solve clients' space. This ACA product targeted for large clients of market product so the number of units that we will be selling and trying to achieve in the realm of a national account type product. And I think what yielded our positive outlook on the product is really started in earnest in the last quarter and second quarter to sell this product, and the pace of how the pipeline has built and our ability to close a number of much the same in that space caused basically optimism. I don't think it will augment clearly and will support the growth rate of new business bookings, but it would be also wrong to anticipate that this would have tonnage point difference in our sales growth rate going forward. But it is going to be an important product that rounds out our value proposition and combination with our core offerings is very powerful, but that's more the purpose of why we talk along bit more in detail about the ACA products.
Jan Siegmund: Absolutely. So of course the marketplace there is basically an offering that allows a third party software developer as well as clients to easily integrate with our core product offering. With ADP focusing on human capital management we realize that we're living in an integrated world, and I think we have the utmost flexibility for our clients to integrate our solutions into their overall businesses which is very important. So we expect for example, vertical-specific applications to be available maybe the restaurant industry or maybe the retail industry that would leverage employment data for additional value adds or components to it. But it could be also product like advanced management that we don't offer and have a close relationship to our core payroll offering that will benefit from tight integration into our core product set. I think the message we want to send primarily with this call is, our push for innovation and to be at the leading front of having flexible and easy to integrate technology that makes the value to our clients the highest is our intent. And that may be a different notion compared to the ADP that you would have known three, four, five years ago where we were a little bit more proprietary and harder to integrate maybe and today we really believe and through that integrated network of applications. So that's what the marketplace is really about. And it is kind of an outcome of our investments into innovation, yielding our ability to have these APIs, really accessing a whole bunch of our applications just through one API so I think a very good step forward for us illustrating I think the progress we're making on the back of our technology. 
Jan Siegmund: Let me add, it would be, as you know, the sales model drives from adding heads to our sales force and overall drives productivity of our sales force with enhanced productivity of our product and better execution and it would be balanced growth profile add as well. [Technical Difficulty]
Jan Siegmund: As we have discussed over time, at the highest level improving sales, improving retention generally just has to be indicator about this business relative to prior periods, and that's really virtually the only number that you can draw from at the high level. At the detailed level, I think we shared with you that our losses are comprised not of a single poor lost competitor -- lost that was to a single competitor but to a whole range of 20, 30, 40 competitors that we all need to monitor. So I think it would be probably misleading to point out single ones, because -- and it's not a single competitor is immaterial, but the aggregate of the 30, 40 competitors that we monitor are very important to us. So that's why I think it's probably most fair to go with the directional comments that Carlos gave and round it out with the overall competitive of accelerating sales and together to form an overall picture.
Jan Siegmund: We have about almost 55,000 clients on Workforce Now. So a very small number so we are kind of really on task to also finish as planned in fiscal year -- end of fiscal year.
Jan Siegmund: We disclosed the European thing and as I mentioned it was flat for the quarter and we have I guess 10 or 20 basis points decline in each of the quarters before so it really has flattened out in Europe, so a very casual utilization. 
