Gary C. Butler: Thank you, Elena. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us. Let me begin today's call with some opening remarks about our first quarter results, then I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Chris Reidy, who will take you through the detailed results, after which I'll return to provide you with our detailed fiscal 2012 forecast, and before we take your questions, I'll provide some brief concluding remarks.  Let's turn to start at Slide 4. As you read in this morning's press release, ADP reported very solid results for the first quarter of fiscal '12. I am quite pleased with the strong revenue growth during the quarter, which resulted from both strong new business sales and recent acquisition. Additionally, all of our key business metrics continued to trend positively. New business sales, client revenue retention, the number of employees on our clients' payrolls and client balances all increased during the quarter.  Let me start with sales. Employer Services and PEO Services new business sales grew 8% year-over-year. We also continued to invest in additional product innovation in expansion of the sales force and in expanding our client service capability, all of which are having a very positive impact on new business sales, resulting and driving good organic revenue growth. Small Business Services, the PEO, Major Account Services and our Added Value Services, as well as GlobalView all achieved double-digit sales growth in the quarter.  Sales in National Accounts were a bit soft this quarter, which was not entirely unexpected given the economic uncertainty of recent months since we made our original forecast. On the positive side for the large positive National Accounts marketplace, we launched our new, very impressive Vantage HCM solution on schedule earlier this month at the HR Tech Conference in Las Vegas. The response from our clients, our prospects and our industry analysts have been quite positive, and we expect that this new cloud-based full HR solution will contribute nicely to future growth in this market.  Sales in our Employer Services and International business were a bit below our expectation. We believe that this was in part due to a particularly strong fourth quarter sales growth, specifically in Canada and in Europe, but also from the less and robust global economic outlook especially in the Eurozone.  Moving next to retention, our client revenue retention improved once again in the quarter after improving over 1 full point for fiscal 2011. Growth in our U.S. pays per control, which is our same-store sales employment metric were quite healthy at 2.7% up in the quarter. Average work site employee paid in the PEO grew an impressive 13% in the quarter, and our client funds balance growth continued to exceed our expectations, growing 10% for the first quarter.  Moving on to Dealer, the automotive landscape in North America appears to be quite stable at this point, and a recent estimate of the annual selling rate for U.S. autos for calendar '11 is showing modest growth above calendar 2010. Dealer Services new business bookings were a strong double-digit in the first quarter and Dealer Services worldwide revenue and client site retention increased for the quarter, also after a very strong improvement last fiscal year.  Before I turn the call over to Chris, I also want to say that we are quite pleased to have acquired a new company called The RightThing earlier this month. The RightThing is the market leader in what is called the RPO space or recruitment process outsourcing solution based and targeted at large companies with over 15,000 employees and considerably expands our HR BPO solution set or COS here in National Accounts in the U.S. or large enterprise account. With that, let me turn it over to Chris to provide the financial highlights and the updated full year forecast for our client funds investment strategy.
Gary C. Butler: I'm now on Slide 8, titled FY '12 Guidance. Thank you, Chris. Since we've provided our initial fiscal 2012 forecast back in July, interest rates have obviously declined and the economic environment had certainly become more uncertain. However, we are confirming our total ADP fiscal 2012 revenues and earnings per share forecast. We continue to anticipate total revenue growth of 7% to 9% and 8% to 10% growth in diluted earnings per share compared to last year's $2.52. As is our normal practice, no further share backs are contemplated in the forecast beyond anticipated dilution related to employee benefit plan, though it is still clearly our intent to continue to return excess cash to our shareholders, obviously depending upon market condition.  As I mentioned a month ago, interest rates had declined since we've provided our initial forecast and we do anticipate a decline of $45 million to $55 million, as Chris mentioned, in pretax earnings for a drag of about 80 to 100 basis points related to the client funds investment strategy that Chris just took you through.  Before we move on to the business segment forecast, I want to spend a moment on foreign exchange. We do not anticipate that the first quarter's favorable foreign exchange rate will continue beyond this quarter, but rather, we anticipated ending up about neutral for the full year. Just to remind all of you, the euro today is just under $1.40, but was well under $1.30 early in fiscal 2011 and increased to over $1.40 towards the end of the year.  Let's now turn to Slide 9 for the segment update. For Employer Services, we anticipate revenue growth of about 7%. This is compared with our prior forecast for 6% to 7% growth. Mainly, the uptick is as a result of acquisitions closed this fiscal year. We are currently forecasting pretax margin expansion of about 50 basis points. This is slightly lower than our prior forecast of at least 50 basis points, also due to the impact of acquisitions made this fiscal year. We anticipate an increase in our pays per control metric in the U.S. of about 2%. This is compared with our prior estimate of a 1% to 2% increase.  We do anticipate about 17% revenue growth for PEO Services. Our prior forecast was for 15% to 17% revenue growth. We do continue to anticipate that the pretax margin in the PEO to be about flat for fiscal '11.  We do continue to anticipate 8% to 10% growth in the annual dollar sales value of ES and PEO worldwide. This is up from the nearly $1.1 billion sold in fiscal '11.  And for Dealer Services, we anticipate no change to our prior forecast or 8% to 9% revenue growth, with pretax margin expansion of about 50 basis points.  So as we turn to Slide 10, I'd like to leave you with a few closing remarks before we open it up with your questions. Obviously, with the strong results for the quarter, we are very pleased with the outcome. Revenues are growing nicely from not only good execution in growing new business sales and improved retention, but also from the acquisitions that complement our core solution. Trends in our key business metrics continue to be positive across the board. Our product breadth has never been better with RUN for small business, Workforce Now for midsized company and the newly launched Vantage HCM for larger companies here in the U.S. We obviously continue to be quite pleased with GlobalView and Streamline, internationally. Our Drive solution here in the U.S. is doing great for our Dealer Services clients, and our Mobile Solutions across all of our applications are having a big impact on the market.  The strategic acquisitions we made during the last year in both ES and Dealer have positively impacted our revenue growth and will continue to enhance future organic revenue. The acquisition environment today is quite good and we will continue to pursue tuck-in acquisitions that broaden our solutions set, underscoring ADP's commitment as a leading provider in the markets we serve. Our cash position is strong, and we remain committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders, through increased dividend and share buybacks. ADP's AAA credit rating also reflects the strength of our balance sheet and the financial stability of the business model. Make no mistake, we are focused on growing the business and I remain optimistic about our growth opportunity.  Now I'll be pleased to turn it back over to the operator and we'll take your questions.
Gary C. Butler: Well, the two basic things that what we talk about the most which are -- would clearly be over-performance in sales beyond our plan, and today, we're running a little bit ahead of our plan on the retention side, so things are doing quite well. Clearly, interest rates are not helping us a lot. In fact, it has become a larger drag this year than what we anticipated early in the year. So as we look at maintaining our forecast, which we just did and upping it in a number of places, we feel pretty good about the core sales and retention execution in our new products, overcoming the drag that we did not anticipate some 4 or 5 months ago.
Gary C. Butler: Well, the International business is growing double digits in terms of revenue. Their margins and bottom line are up double digits as well. We had a very strong fourth quarter in International despite seeing a little bit of softness this year. Their retention rate was up for the first quarter. I think maybe 0.5 point or 0.3 point or something like that. So despite what's going on in Europe, the business continues to clock along at a pretty good pace.
Gary C. Butler: Well, I mean, we just launched it and we just brought in the entire sales force for a full week's worth of not only training of a new product, but further training them on HR and benefits and performance and the other things that are included into that release. So our prospective backlog is in the early stages, but it's growing fairly well. It's too early to declare victory, but I would hope that it would make a difference, particularly as we go into the third and certainly the fourth quarter of this fiscal year.
Gary C. Butler: It's about 9 months. I think the beauty of Vantage -- I mean, if you're really in a hurry, you can get it done in 6 months, if you're not too big and too complex, but I think, typically, you think about if you're selling it in the first or second quarter of next calendar, you'd be thinking about a January 13, kind of start. The beauty of HCM or Vantage is that we expect the number of applications per new booking to expand because it's a fully bundled one database, one user interface product that includes payroll, HR, benefits, time and labor, and our new performance and succession modules. So it should be a bigger bundle even though it will be priced at a little bit lower than our old standalone products, but we do expect the revenue per client to be bigger. So we're actually quite excited about it. It's getting great reviews from the analyst community, and we think it's going to do great.
Gary C. Butler: I think it's just the uncertainty around the economy and the U.S. and the Eurozone and the uncertainty in the political environment in Washington. I think the good news for us is that, particularly in the low end of the market and the middle part of the market, it's kind of business as usual and people are just continuing to buy systems and move ahead. On the high end of the market, because of the, I think, global uncertainty, we're seeing more reluctance to commit to long-term solutions at the high end of the market even though we had a pretty reasonable fourth quarter in sales in the high end of the market, but there was a lot of foolishness going on in Washington and in Europe, particularly in July and August. It seems to have abated a little bit over the last 30 days. It's really kind of interesting for us because -- it's funny, Chris and I were having this conversation earlier. Our pays per control were up 2.7%. We're up over 2% last year despite all of this, and Europe actually is flattening out in terms of pays per control after shrinking for the last couple of years. So it kind of says, businesses are continuing to go forward, and actually, if you look at our pays per control in the U.S., almost every sector, including manufacturing, construction, with the exception of public administration, state and local government, our pays per control were up 1.5%, 2.5% depending on the category. So it's a little bit of an enigma, and I certainly think that the new product launch in National Accounts is going to help offset some of that in the remaining 3 quarters.
Gary C. Butler: Yes, we're -- it was down slightly. It wasn't a huge thing. They had a pretty good fourth quarter, and sometimes, when you have big deals particularly in National Accounts and GlobalView, those things can swing quarter-to-quarter, but clearly, for the last year, 1.5 years, our National Accounts sales have been less robust than our other sales across the entire category. So we are thinking that Vantage HCM is going to be a big help, and obviously, the compares get a little easier as we go forward.
Gary C. Butler: Well, I think I wouldn't use the term "prices have come down." I would really say that the prices are reasonable where you can make them work and when you put on a business case and you look for 15% return on your investment. So the pricing is reasonable and I think a lot of people think the current environment is going to be this way for a little while, and so they're not holding out for the big blue sky kind of thing and -- plus our scope of products, particularly on the high end of the market and as we move into other areas like AdvancedMD and International, we just have more choices and more candidates, both that we find ourselves as well as surface through other processes.
Gary C. Butler: Well, RUN, it's really -- I'd put it in 2 or 3 different categories. First of all, it's the realtime payroll engine fully in the cloud, so anytime, anywhere, a second or 2 to run the whole payroll. The whole user interface is very intuitive, and I think I mentioned in one of our earlier calls that historically, with our EasyPay product, 70% of our clients call the payroll in. With RUN, which is now approaching over 100,000 live clients, only 30% feel the need to call it in. It's so intuitive, they'd rather just input it and get the feedback. It's also making us eliminating a lot of errors, because when you can run the payroll over many times as you like at the same price and it's easy to do, it gives you all of your tax and impound information. It just takes a lot of errors out of the process and almost totally eliminate reruns for that kind of category. We've also been very pleased with the CPA acceptance of this product. We're offering it also on a wholesale model, where the CPA can actually install their own clients and provide first level support to their clients, and it's got the security and the automatic feeds, the general ledger for write-up, that allows a CPA to do everything for 20, 30, 40 accounts in this category. So we're actually quite excited about it. Our sales guys love it, and the new mobile applications on the iPad and now with all the Android devices is just doing terrific.
Gary C. Butler: One of the beauties of the mobile, which is true on the low end of the market, but we've also released a full mobile application for the mid market. So when an employee has one device, the beauty of ADP is that they can not only see their payroll, they can not only update their own personal advice -- personal information, but they can look at their benefits plan, they can look at their 401(k) balances, they can look at their pay card information. So in one device, you've got literally every application that any employer would want to provide its employees. So I think it's going to continue to be even better for us in the future.
Gary C. Butler: Well, you have to remember that Intuit was the embedded payroll application at the BofA site that was in full service, so the -- and their desire, BofA, was to have basically one solution for clients who wanted more outsourcing versus those that just wanted to do-it-yourself through the BofA site. So it clearly made some sense for them to kind of coalesce around one application. We do similar things with JPMorgan Chase, with BB&T, Bank of the West and a number of other banks throughout the U.S., and bank referrals are about, I don't know, 10% of our sales, 8% to 10% of our new business bookings in the low end of the market. Obviously, the low end of the market is going gangbusters for us right now, so we don't see that as a huge problem or a big downside with Intuit. I'd also remind you that Intuit entered the full-service business once before and about 18 months later, they sold it to us. So we'll see, but we're doing fine in that category.
Gary C. Butler: Well, if you look at SBS, I mean, clearly our product position and the performance of the business on everything, from organic revenue growth to retention, hasn't been better in well over a decade. So we're doing great on the low end of the market. Our ASO offering, coupled with the PEO, we're doing extremely well against the competition in the PEO space. You monitor, I'm sure, the other people that are in that space, so not only our product position, but our delivery in workers' comp underwriting capability and our full bundle are certainly making a big difference there. We just come out with the third iteration, version of Workforce Now that even more tightly bundles and puts more capability, including some performance measures in the Workforce Now platform. So I think it's going to continue to do well, particularly against our traditional competitors in that space. On the high end of the market, the competition is probably a little bit more severe between Workday and Ultimate and the software suppliers who are very aggressive in terms of pursuing that space. So I think Vantage HCM, for all the reasons that Workforce Now is working in the mid market, is going to work extremely well for us at the high end of the market, and we really don't have -- when you look at GlobalView and Streamline, we are really much better positioned from a functionality and coverage standpoint than anybody on a global basis. So hopefully, it's going to push us for sales results that starts to go north of 10%, but when we get there, we'll certainly let you know, but I think our position is about as good as I can remember being, particularly with the launch of Vantage.
Gary C. Butler: You have to remember there, Rod, that particularly in Major Accounts in Workforce Now, we've got tens of thousands of older platform, Windows-based client-server applications out there. So our retention rate at 91% and our new sales into that base, as well as in the new marketplace to Chris' point is just not one over the other, win loss as the new deal, it's also migrating our base to a more permanent up-to-speed application.
Gary C. Butler: Certainly, in terms of new business, we're selling a more bundled solution. So on -- for example, on SBS with RUN, our penetration right now for workers' comp and healthcare and 401(k) kind of retirement services is a lot higher, and we've got 60,000 or 70,000 customers on workers' comp product today against the base of about 400,000. So there's a lot to grow but we're selling 15%, 20% kind of additional products even at the low end of the market. With Workforce Now and Vantage, the vast majority of our new bookings new to ADP will have more than one application. Almost by definition, they're going to have payroll and HR, and in the high end of the market, 50% of our base already has time and labor. So when you sell new accounts, we're selling at that rate or higher. So certainly, it will continue to grow. I think this quarter, even though we're not officially publishing it, our payroll is up something like 3% and our beyond payroll is about 14%, so -- but as we get bigger and bigger bundles, you have to get in there and start playing an allocation game and how do you allocate to give somebody a 10% discount, which product do you put it on, so I don't want to get into a game of trying to make the number, say, what we think they ought be as opposed to reporting in a little bit more of a pure way, which I think is the right thing to do, which is why we made the decision to stop doing that as we go forward.
Gary C. Butler: The primary buyer for RPO services is the HR executive. The HR executive is also the primary buyer for benefits administration, for succession, for performance planning, for HR, and more and more is a full partner with the CFO on the payroll decision. So clearly, it's the same buyer. We have a number of standalone services, like our job tax credit services and other kind of print and distribution products, COBRA, FSA that we sell into that basis, but more and more of our business is becoming BPO-like and this is a natural extension for COS, where we are the HR department or we are the payroll department, which includes recruiting in every large company. We also bring a lot of good capability for them because they have a lot of their customers who want to go internationally. They're a U.S.-based firm today and we think there's also -- particularly as we get the recruiting bundle in the box, we think we can take it down market into our Major Accounts space for the PEO and the ASO and some of our HR services that we carry in that market but to be determined. So we're pretty excited about it. They've been growing even despite the downturn in the economy in '09 and '10, and they're clearly the market leader as you would see if you go and look at any of the press. So we're happy to have them as part of the ADP family.
Gary C. Butler: I think that number today is more like 16,000 or 17,000 in terms of people actually using Workforce Now, and it is the product we sell to all new clients in Major Accounts, so any win-losses we have would by definition default to Workforce Now. We are migrating the client base because that's typically where our competition tries to target. So we want to get them to a cloud-based solution. It's fully bundled sooner rather than later, but obviously, particularly in the mid market, we're the thousand pound gorilla in that space, so we've got a lot of accounts, which is good news to move over to the platform, but Workforce Now competes very successfully against our traditional competitors, and I'm very pleased with what's going on there.
Gary C. Butler: It's a combination of both. Well, for example, in Major Accounts this year, we will sell $200 million to $250 million of new bookings, pick the number, and half of that will be, call it, payroll-related and all of those will be delivered and installed on Workforce Now. The beauty of Workforce Now is even if you only buy payroll, the whole bundle is there and you can literally turn a switch to bring on benefits or HR or performance, but there are also some migrations in there as well, David. I don't know that number off the top of my head.
Gary C. Butler: I think that's a good way to think about it, plus or minus 3% to 5%, because it could be depending upon the previous year. We had some quarters last year that were well into the double-digit growth and even though the fourth quarter of last year was only up 8%, that was on top of like a 26% growth in fiscal '10 as we turned that corner. So you're going to get some of those swings particularly in the fourth calendar quarter or when we land big deals in GlobalView or COS, but I think that's a good way to think about it.
Gary C. Butler: Well, it's not only just cost, it's also compliance and dealing with Washington. I mean, the ultimate HRO or BPO for us is the BEO, and our sales for multi-years now have been strong double digits, and we expect them to continue to be very strong going forward, but a lot of that is compliance-driven, a lot of that is healthcare and workers' comp driven in terms of the cost of healthcare and that kind of thing, but clearly, a large percent of our new sales in both National Accounts and in Major Accounts includes an HR services kind of offering, and we expect that trend to continue, but part of it is compliance and part of it is just cost and ease-of-use and just getting rid of the whole thing.
Gary C. Butler: Well, I think it's clearly going to make us more competitive against our traditional suppliers. That market has also moved a lot closer to things like performance and succession planning, which is what's driving some of the success of some of the other competitors in that space. So our model now, Vantage, has a full performance and succession modules to it. It has full benefits. You can buy it as a service. You can buy it as fully outsourced. So I think it's clear you're going to make it more competitive because that market has moved more to the performance and the succession kind of issue than what it historically was in that space.
Gary C. Butler: I don't see any big shift than what's been happening in the last 5 or 6 years. I think the big shift that we saw early on, and you have to go back 7, 8 years and 9 years was when Oracle bought PeopleSoft and there was a lot of uncertainty of where that platform was going, but between Lawson and Oracle or PeopleSoft, which is one and the same, an SAP, which is also our partner, I don't see a lot of big changes today versus what was there before. Some of them are leaning towards offering software as a service as opposed to just software, but all of our products are delivered in the cloud, software as a service, too. So it's kind of one and the same.
Gary C. Butler: Well, we're not seeing reluctance to spend in Major and in certainly not SBS or the PEO, the multinationals and the National Accounts environment, because of the uncertainty in Europe. Some of the uncertainty here are expanding less in terms of pays. If you look at our pays per control, the slowest -- the least amount of growth is at the high end of the market and the most amount of growth is in the middle and the low end of the market, and I think it's kind of indicative of what their spending patterns are. Now I think there's still a lot of reluctance today. If you put -- just think about GlobalView for a minute. As the upfront investment on GlobalView is in terms of the conversion, it's generally equal to at least a year's revenue where it's a recurring revenue going out. So people like Chris Reidy don't want to pony up to multimillion dollar kind of investments with the uncertainties going on around the globe, and so I think that's part of the reluctance. I think there's some pent-up demand in our space waiting on the Vantage release, which hopefully will open up as we go forward, and that's pretty much the way I see it.
Gary C. Butler: Well, we are moving -- we've moved GlobalView to the most current version of SAP's HCM today, which is delivered through a hosted solution in the cloud. It's not a real-time payroll like RUN because you're talking about very large accounts here and in multiple countries around the world. We're also releasing a new portal that will be put on the front end of our GlobalView module, which will make it a little bit more user-friendly and also consistent with our UI guidelines that we have across all of our other products, including Vantage and Workforce Now. So we're clearly making those kind of investments. We're doing payroll now in over 40 locations on GlobalView and our Streamline network really opens it up, where we have the capability for smaller payrolls in over 50 countries around the world. So we're making progress. We just wish -- we'd sell even more than we're selling.
Gary C. Butler: Excellent question. Two things that -- other than great service, which we always focus on, larger clients who buy more products stay the longest at ADP. So in Europe, we're approaching 96% retention in National Accounts. We're at like 95% retention. If you go to Dealer there at 94%, 95% retention. The one exception to that, even though it's a lot better than it's been, the PEO, where you're in, call it, 83%, 84% kind of retention levels, but the big swings in healthcare cost and benefits can really drive what happens in that space and you can clearly see that in our competition. One of the big challenges that we have as a company as we sell bigger bundles is making sure that our sales force and our service force is capable of servicing HR needs, benefit needs and performance planning kind of needs in addition to just being payroll experts. So one of the things that we've really focused on at the rollout of Vantage is training up the sales force on becoming more HR-centric as opposed to being just payroll-centric, but clearly, it's a change for ADP's ecosystem. But I would remind you also that of our 550,000 clients, 400,000 of them are still SBS clients and it's still primarily a payroll service with some HR help and compliance even though a lot of them do buy a 401(k) or an IRA or workers' comp from it.
Gary C. Butler: The right saying is the $70 million, $75 million right in terms of revenue this calendar year. RightNow [ph], they've got good double-digit kind of revenue growth in the business. So we think that's going to continue at least for a while, and I think that should give you what you need.
Gary C. Butler: It is a little bit lower, Tien-Tsin. We're obviously not going to give full margin history for those banks, but clearly, there is a larger manpower component in that section. But it's still pretty strong, double-digit kind of bottom-line margin. It's not as great as pure payroll, but it's still pretty good, and as, I think Chris mentioned, it still will be accretive to earnings this year despite the intangibles and the loss of interest income. So it's decent.
Gary C. Butler: Well, I think we're really more focused on making them more successful in the ADP client base and internationally and trying to figure out how we take that product set further down market in the box, because we got a huge growth in our BPO offerings in Major Accounts and the PEO. In addition, we've got great market share at the high end of the market. So we think having ADP's AAA and our payroll expertise coupled with our COS capability and our international reach, it's going to be a real help for these guys as they try to grow the business faster.
Gary C. Butler: Tien-Tsin, competition is good because it keeps you on your toes. So I think certainly, if you take things like Workday, I mean, we partner with Workday. We compete against Workday depending on what the client has. Certainly, Ultimate's success is certainly -- but even more focused for us on things like Workforce Now and Vantage, but what we're really trying to do more than just respond to a competitive situation because the 35 years I've been here, there's always been competition and they continue to cycle through, and the one constant has been ADP's success, but what we're really trying to do, and a real kudos to Mike Capone and his IT organization for us, is we are trying to create more pull for our sales force as opposed to just raw push by putting more feet on the street. And the way you do that is by having market-leading products. It pulls our clients to ADP. So whether it's the new UI, the Mobile Solutions, the software as a service, you get 5 applications as opposed to one at one place, but we're really trying to push innovation to drive marketplace pull for ADP.
Gary C. Butler: I think there is certainly some risk in the European side, but we did find there last year and that risk was there last year. We've got a new release of our Autoline product that's being rolled out now. There's a number of OEMs that are making systemwide decisions, fairly significant decisions there, and we really focused on the high end of that space in terms of large dealer groups. They're continuing to move forward, and most of the difficulties around the small European-based dealers. So I think there's certainly going to be pressure, but I think we're okay and it's not new pressure versus what we've seen in the last 12 months.
Gary C. Butler: I think what you got to look at is the combination of things. One is clearly the more we sell the established products. As long as you've got good growth in payroll and HR that have established good margins, that's going to be the biggest driver, and then once you have a product in your portfolio, it's driving them to improve their margins, and as they do that, it keeps the overall margin good. I mean, our payroll and HR margins are well above our average margins in ES and across ADP for that matter. So as long as you've got good growth there, you're fine with the mix, and as long as you’re taking products like GlobalView up the margin chain, that helps as well. Obviously, you want to continue to invest and invest more, which puts a little bit more pressure on the margin. That's why we do things, like more smart shoring and offshoring and facilities consolidation and that kind of things. So there's a lot of different levers. Clearly, mix is something that we focus a lot on, but if you can drive good growth in your established core business, that gives you a lot of flexibility on the margin.
Gary C. Butler: The other thing, Mark, is we've taken Workforce Now and rolled it up into the low end of National Accounts. So the clients in the 1,000 to 3,000 employee space, they have a choice now, either Workforce Now, particularly if they have less complex needs. Workforce Now may actually be a better choice for them than Vantage going forward. So the whole sector of National Accounts now has fresh product, both for large account, as well as for smaller national account.
Gary C. Butler: Again, just in closing, we were very pleased with the quarter, sales and retention results being up, great revenue growth, some good acquisitions, and I think a lot of this call really demonstrated the point of the big progress we've made on the product side around innovation and winning in the marketplace and creating pull for our products. So we're confident in our forecast and look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Christopher R. Reidy: I think, as we mentioned as well, the pace went flat for the first time for years, which is counterintuitive to what you see going on in Europe but that's what we're seeing in the pace area.
Christopher R. Reidy: That was a great try. If you go back to what I showed in May, David, you'll see that it's a combination of a number of things: one is what your expect interest rates do; and secondly, what do you expect balance growth today. And so -- go back to that schedule, I think we gave you enough to play with there. I'll be updating that later this year, as I always do, but it's still a little premature, and as we've seen over the last quarter or even over the last 6 months, the volatility of interest rates have been very high. From the last time we gave guidance, as Gary said, interest rates have changed, but then in the last month, it bounced back a little bit. So it's a little too early to call that one.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes, it's when you look at it quarterly then if you look at the trends of the business over the last couple of years, as we make investments throughout last year, which we talked about throughout the year, then the first quarter becomes the rollover. It's a little bit bigger. What I would focus you on is our guidance for the full year at the ADP level. 7 to 9 on the top and 8 to 10 on the bottom implies kind of a flattish ADP margin given the tax rate is relatively flat and there's only a small lift from share repurchase. So that's flattish despite 80 to 100 basis points of interest rate drag and some drag from acquisitions. So that's the real thing to focus on in terms of the margin. The first quarter is a bit of an anomaly because of the grow over from investment last year.
Christopher R. Reidy: It's really easy to download that. I would encourage all of you to take a few minutes to do it, because once you download it, there's a demo on there that you can just hit the button and run the demo, and it really shows you how simple it is to use. I joke that some of the HR [ph] conferences or whatever, I'll actually demo it for you that shows you how easy it is to use.
Christopher R. Reidy: I think a couple of things I'd want to point out. Number one, that 8% growth from the first quarter was right in line with what we are planning. So it wasn't a surprise. So the 8% to 10% for the year is solid from that standpoint. I think -- then you start going into what's going to go on with the economy from here, and that gives some variability, but we're still confident in the 8% to 10% for the year. We traditionally haven't gone through the details of the growth rates by the different operations, SBS, Majors and National Accounts, but as we talked about earlier, National Accounts is the one that has been more challenging in the first quarter after a relatively good fourth quarter, and so that's the one that's the biggest watch. We are confident particularly with the Vantage offering, but right now, I think we're pretty comfortable with the 8% to 10%.
Christopher R. Reidy: What it really comes down to is everything, market, win rates, et cetera, it all comes out to sales and retention, and those are the 2 key metrics that drive our business, so -- if your win rate's up, if you take the market share, if it's the right product, it's going to show up in sales number and if planned longer.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes. So on top of what I have mentioned before, Rod, the 20 basis points in the first quarter also has the year-over-year compare issue because a lot of the investments we made in service and implementation and sales headcount show up in the ES margin. So that 20 basis points is -- it still has a little bit of that drag to get to the full year of around 50 basis points. Don't forget that, that also has a drag in it of the acquisitions that we did in fiscal year '11. It's still a little bit there, and the new acquisitions we did had about a 25 basis point drag to the year. So that's why we brought it back down from at least 50 to about 50 was that drag. So when you look at it from that perspective, ES margins for the year and even for the first quarter are very healthy and continue to reflect that revenue growth that we're seeing.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes. No reason other than that for the change, because if you look at ES U.S., it was about 8% and that split is about 3.5%, 14.5%. So that's consistent with what it's been. We've been wanting to move away from that for a while. We thought now with Vantage being announced and more movements to the bundles that now is the time to do it, and so that's the real driver of that.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes, I don't think you're going to see anything dramatic, and so you're not going to see 0% and 20% in 2 different quarters going forward. It's going to be relatively consistent. I don't think it's going to be more for...
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. On the pricing, we were just about under 1%, which is I think what I said on the last call, and with that's played out given net pricing, and that's fairly consistent with what we've seen over the past 2 years. If you go back to my 5-year plan presentation in May, we said that the first couple of years would be closer to 1% and the last couple of years would be back up to 2%. We still believe that, that 1% to 2% was achievable going forward, but given this economy, we think 1% is appropriate. And as you know, the interplay is with retention. It's something that you watch very closely and we've been very pleased with the way the retention number is moving. So it feels about right to us. In terms of the effective tax rate, I would say that the effective tax rate for the year would still be in the area of 35%, maybe a tick below that, but that's still what I would use in modeling going forward.
Christopher R. Reidy: I think when you look at the overall cycle, looking at it from my chair after the downturn that we went through over the last few years, you've gotten all the cost you can out of the business, sans investing to take further reduction in efficiency. So at some point, in that cycle, that changes and you've got to invest to get further efficiencies. It's just that with the economy today being questionable as to where it's going, I think there's a confidence level, and we track a lot of the surveys, either at the CEO level or at the CFO level, of their confidence and where the economies is going, and I think there's still a lot of lack of confidence and that certainly comes into the equation. So over the cycle, I think that turns around, but it hasn't turned around yet.
Christopher R. Reidy: And as we said, Ashwin, that's why we adjusted that guidance for ES revenue up a tick, was for that acquisition.
Christopher R. Reidy: And we've got the distribution system. We've got the history of service. You put dual products in the hands of our sales people, that's a great combination.
Christopher R. Reidy: Well, now. Right now, we have one client that's live. We did this on a pilot basis, obviously, and we have a handful of other clients in implementation, and we have quite a few prospects as well. So we're already seeing the traction, and so we're encouraged by that.
