Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, on the -- obviously, the thing that we look for from a growth rate standpoint, in terms of as a leading indicator of sales, so I'll focus on that. I'm not sure if you meant revenue or sales growth. But on the sales front, new business sales were strong really across all of our segments in both Small Business, Major Accounts and National Accounts. Some of that is a reflection of the product enhancements that we've made over the last several years, and the investments that Gary has been referring to. In National Accounts, it does reflect a bit of a bounce-back, but again, sales in National Accounts tend to be very lumpy, and we still feel like they're -- that the sales cycles are still quite long in the high end of the market. We're quite pleased with the sales growth in all of the markets, and all 3 of them were in the double-digit range. From a competitive standpoint, in terms of win-loss ratios, we feel like we're in a very good competitive position in Small Business. In Major Accounts, we have seen a return to what I would consider to be good strong growth from a sales standpoint, I think reflecting also the improvements in the product of Workforce Now. And also in National Accounts, with our new Vantage product, we're expecting good strong sales growth in the future from Vantage.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So the reaction has been very positive from a client standpoint and from an industry analyst standpoint, and we've obviously demo-ed the product in several conferences. I was at one of them called the HR Tech Conference, where there was a very positive reception by the -- what we call the industry analyst community. And we have, I think, a growing pipeline, but it's very early. We launched the product in October of last year. It is -- just as a reminder, Vantage, unlike GlobalView, is not intended to be a product to address a new market segment. It's a -- really a replacement or upgrade of our current platforms, which will take time to execute on from a replacement standpoint. But from a new business sales standpoint, it's intended to sell into the National Accounts space where we were selling other platforms before. So even though we expect it to help our National Accounts sales over time, do not expect it to be an incremental new market segment or product as it is in GlobalView.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: The only one that's meaningful is the sale of the assets that we mentioned which are on a -- $0.02 for the rest of the year. So you can do the math on the full year. It's $0.04 per year, more or less, drag from a NOI standpoint. I think revenues are somewhere around $60 million to $70 million on an annualized basis.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Client churn, okay. Retention, okay. Well, in terms of new business sales, again, we're through 6 months of our year and we're 11% growth year-to-date and our sales results, 14% for the quarter. So we're feeling pretty good about that. In terms of our churn, our retention, if you exclude the one large loss, which is a little unusual, it was a client that we brought on as a result of an acquisition a couple of years ago, and it was a product and service that was really 10 years old. It was a legacy product. We, at the time of the due diligence, anticipated that, at some point, we would have that client leave. We just didn't know what the timing was, and in fact, timing kept getting pushed forward. But unfortunately, we did end up losing the client in the quarter. I think if you exclude that client, that large client loss, our retention was about flat for the quarter. So it's still slightly ahead year-to-date, and we are still forecasting to be ahead for the full year. So as you can tell, based on the 6 months and what we have -- what we feel and see so far in January, we're feeling pretty good about client churn and about retention for the full year forecast. On the sales front, again, January is -- as with retention, January is an important sales month in a couple of our business units where we record our largest sales results in January. And again, our early feelings and our early read gives us confidence to increase our sales forecast as we did to about 12% from the previous range that we had. We're feeling pretty good about both.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, I wasn't trying to make a comment specifically on January. We did meet with our sales leader yesterday just to get an update on the view of the full year. And although we are feeling pretty good about January, my comment was really more about the full year forecast and also the year-to-date. So the overall picture, I think is feeling pretty strong. But I'm not sure that we want to get into the specifics about the results in the month of January. But there was nothing -- we haven't really closed the results. So our -- but our -- we do have weekly results, and we have some sense of where we will be. And we're feeling good. And again, I think our feelings are similar to what they were for the first 6 months. No big change. I mean, we have, other than in our Small Business segment, some visibility as a result of pipelines and other metrics about where things are headed from a sales standpoint. In Small Business sales and in TotalSource, those are 2 places where you actually have to wait for the actual results because we count the sales at the time that they are started. And again, January in both of those businesses are fairly large months. And through today and January, we're feeling good about what we're seeing so far.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: And one thing that's worth mentioning is the execution is beyond just the products and the sales force. These kinds of lumpiness in sales, particularly in January as a result of these large starts, require a very well-trained and dedicated service and implementation organization, who's also performing quite well in being able to handle what is obviously more than what we expected from a volume standpoint.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: But there's no question that we feel strongly that the product enhancements over the last couple of years have helped our sales force. Our sales force has always been successful in selling in any kind of an environment and in -- not necessarily with any kind of products, but they certainly do better when they have help from good strong products from a competitive standpoint.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think it's more of the former than -- I think there's clearly some additional, I think, complexity in terms of some of our higher-end parts. But I think the main increase in our -- we've, I think, been talking about this for several quarters that we've invested in our sales organization and our distribution last year. And I think we're just now lapping some of those investments. And I think what we're the most pleased with is the productivity improvements that are starting to show up from those investments. So even though in sales dollars we are still feeling pressure, as you're alluding to, we're really getting the return that we expected in the form of a productivity improvement. So our -- in terms of the -- in terms of the details behind that, we've had only about half of the sales headcount, sales force headcount growth as we have in sales results. And that's a big turn for us in the last couple of years, where we've been adding to the sales force and waiting for the productivity, which is a normal course for us. As we begin to add distribution, as we come out of a downturn like we did, as our confidence grows in the future of the economy, we begin -- and this is, again, a cycle that's been repeated for many decades at ADP, we start to add back sales resources. Those folks take time to get trained, and they get -- they take time to get productive. We appear to be getting close to that inflection point now, where we're going to lap those investments, first of all, in terms of dollars, and the productivity enhancements are starting to show up in the sales results. And they did show up in the second quarter.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think there are really 2 things that I would point to. One is despite the strong results in National Accounts this quarter that were aided by some of the domestic GlobalView sales, we are still seeing long sales cycles and difficult to get people to make decisions. And in fact, we are very actively, many people, trying to help and close deals that are kind of close to the goal line. So I think that's one place where if we had to define the environment -- and we wouldn't define it as perfect, because we do have strength in other parts of our business from a selling standpoint. We have strength in retention. We have strength in pays per control. So most of our metrics are looking actually quite good and strong, but we still have some uncertainty in the upper end of the market. And in GlobalView, again, those sales are lumpy, and so we're just not ready to declare that the upper end of the market is back in complete open-buying mode. The second item that I would mention from a mix standpoint is Europe. We do have about a little less than 20% of our -- around 20% of our revenues from outside of the U.S., a lot of that from Europe. And as you know, the European markets are somewhat unsettled. We have a relatively small pretax contribution from our International operations, so we're not all that concerned about it from a bottom line standpoint. But it's still a place where, from a new business sales standpoint, we're concerned. They had good results in the second quarter, and some of that may be the comparison to the prior year. But as everyone knows, that's a -- certainly an unsettled situation. And if things were to get much worse there, we would probably, as usual, see an impact on our new business sales results, not as much short term on our revenue and our pretax, but certainly our new business sales, and that's why we're being cautious about the economy.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, as you know, everyone -- people are different in terms of their styles and also their approaches. But I have been in ADP for quite a while. I've been actually a part of building the strategies that we've been pursuing over the last 5 or 6 years with Gary. So Gary and I saw eye to eye on most things. And again, we're different people. We're going to have different styles. And I would say that what you'll see is more of a change in emphasis on things. Gary and I talked a lot about, over the last 2 years, how pleased I was and how supportive I was of our investments, particularly in product and innovation and technology. And so that's something that Gary was very supportive of and he made investment commitments to. I intend to continue that. If there's any place where I would expect to put more focus and attention is in that area. But to the great business model that we have, I value -- I have been in ADP for a long time. I understand very well the value of our direct sales force and how they're able to execute. I plan and expect to continue to invest in our sales force and support our sales force. And I also understand that our service organization is a key differentiator for us versus some of our other competitors. That's also a place where I intend to continue to invest. So I think that Gary shared that same perspective, and I think where they may be differences is in degrees of emphasis on those 3 categories. But those 3 categories are what made ADP great, and I intend to continue to follow through on those same 3 categories.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think it's fair to say that if you look at the trends over the last several quarters, even going back a couple of years, I think if you exclude some of this noise around FX, calendar, the HIRE Act, other things, I think the message should be -- I think that you should hear is that all of our underlying metrics with the only "clouds" that we've mentioned, all the underlying metrics are still pointing in the right direction. They're still either strong or improving, and it's really the sales in the high end of National Accounts. Concerns about the Eurozone and also a continued low interest rate environment are really the only things that you should be focused on as potential, I guess, things to really worry about or focus on, because as -- again, as the new person looking at some of these trends and going back and studying all the numbers, the numbers are quite consistently improving and still heading in the right direction from a strength standpoint, whether it's pays per control, new business sales, all of the underlying metrics that drive the true underlying core growth of the business.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Again, if you look at our internal growth rate for the 6 months of this year versus the 6 months of last year, it accelerated slightly, 10 basis points. So again, that, to me, is evidence that you're not going to have a 2 to 3 percentage point movement up or down in that internal growth rate. It is still quite strong and either holding steady or improving slightly.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, I think one of the key strategies for us on the RUN platform is to be able to attach additional products and services that we were not able to or didn't have available in our old EasyPay platform. So one of the things that we're finding some success with on the RUN platform is adding, for example, some HR products. And again, these are Small Business tools, so these are not large-ticket items. But they do move up the average revenue slightly versus EasyPay on the RUN side. But our strategy in rolling out that product, not unlike our strategy with Vantage, was not necessarily to change the pricing in the marketplace, either up or down. Really, it was an upgrade in the replacement of an old platform. So I think on the RUN side, we're seeing, I would say, overall consistent slightly up revenues versus EasyPay on a per-unit basis, if you will. But long term, our strategy, because of the technology and its ability to integrate other products, we -- or our hope is to actually move the average revenue per unit on the RUN side. From the Vantage side, it's a similar -- I think a similar approach where we did not expect a major -- from a planning standpoint, we didn't expect a major increase or decrease on a per-unit basis but Vantage just -- does. Because of its nature being a single database integrated product with multiple services, I think our assumption is that the -- or not our assumption, but our hope is that there will be a higher take rate with additional products and services in addition to our core payroll in HR. So for example, time and attendance systems, Benefit Services, we expect the attach rates in Vantage to be higher than they have been in the past in the upfront selling of those products.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think that -- is that a 2-part question regarding product development and also acquisitions, or did I...
Carlos A. Rodriguez: My team's -- my and my team's assumption on a going-in basis is that we have opportunity in the existing portfolio and the existing spending to fund higher spending from an innovation and product development standpoint. So as an example, we do have -- you talked about our product development cycles having potentially gotten shorter, which is true. So that is one of my expectations. And part of my vision is to focus more on the age of the products and bring products out sooner, which is something that maybe 10 or 20 years ago wasn't as important to ADP and our business model. But I think based on what's happening in the world from a technology standpoint, we do believe that our product cycles need to be shortened. So we are focused on that. The -- if you could call it a positive, we have some platforms. I'll take the example of EasyPay since we were just talking about RUN, where as we move off of that EasyPay platform, that EasyPay platform was very difficult to make changes on. It was very expensive to maintain. And so as we move off of that platform, which is not an overnight process, but it is a, call it, 2- to 3-year process, that will create funds and resources for us to be able to reinvest back into product development. And the example of RUN and EasyPay is repeated in Major Accounts and in National Accounts. And I think our team, whether it's our R&D and product development organization or our service and operations folks, understand that we need to find ways to fund our future product development goals, which are to shorten product cycles by finding the resources that we have in some of these old platforms that we were -- we hopefully will be able to migrate off of. In terms of regards to acquisitions, we have -- our acquisitions have been -- many of them have been really additional products that we are adding into the portfolio. So to the extent that any of the acquisitions are platforms that are in our core space, either in benefits administration or in payroll, our view would be that we want to be, as much as possible, on as few platforms as possible. So if we were to do an acquisition that was in our core space, we would move as quickly as possible to move those clients onto one of our new go-forward platforms.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yes. And I think it's important to add again to the color, as Chris is saying, that the implication of what do my views imply for margins would not be consistent with my original comments which were that -- Gary I think was on this path already, along with the rest of the team, of investing more in product and technology. So again, I think it's back to the comment of degrees of emphasis and attention rather than a wholesale change in strategy that's going to impact the financials of ADP.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think if you look at in our small -- in the small business space, I would say in 2009, the latter half of 2008 and in 2009, there was a lot of noise and a lot of discussion about pricing that, from our perspective, was, because I was running that business at that time, we didn't see quite as clearly as other people saw that there was a big change in pricing in the marketplace. But whatever noise there was abated. And we're not saying that we don't compete. We do compete. So we have many competitors, both national and regional, but we are able to achieve our sales results consistent with the pricing that we've had over the last year or 2. So I haven't seen any change in the pricing environment.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think it's fair to say that the decision was mutual. So when you ask why did you make that decision, again, these types of things require 2 parties. And again, without getting into the specifics about who prompted the decision or who didn't prompt the decision, the decision was mutual, and it was not a core product to us. And I think there was some desire to have a different arrangement on a go-forward basis, and it wasn't necessarily all our decision.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, I think one of the -- I'll let Chris get into the details, but really, some of it does relate back to my comments about sales productivity, because we do, as I mentioned, I think lap some of our sales investments completely in the fourth quarter. So if you look at our sales forecast and you compare it to our sales cost, it's an improving picture over the second half, and it was already positive in the second quarter. So I think some of it comes from a turn, if you will, on the impact of our investments in selling expense from the first half of the year. And also, by the way, from last year, we've finally now becoming actually mutual rather than a drag on our margin in ES. So that's a fairly significant part of it is improvement in sales productivity and how it relates to the margin impact on revenue. And Chris, I don't know if you have anything.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yes, and I think it's fair to say that we -- none of what we're saying was a surprise to us. So I think that we, all along, I think, from a plan standpoint, had a view of the fourth quarter and of the third quarter that are in line with what we're describing today. So we're just trying to help provide more color to be more clear in terms of how numbers stacked up versus last year and then where we expect things to come out for the third and fourth quarter.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: But not to reiterate the negative, but we do have more pressure on us as a result of the interest rate environment. And I think we highlighted that in our script. And again, we would prefer for that to be going in a different direction. It's certainly not helpful.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So I think I'll describe it the way I describe it to our leaders and also to our associates, which is, my view has been that we have a great sales force. We have a great service organization, and we have good products. And what -- I think the term we use is that good is not good enough anymore. So because of the pace of change -- today, you saw Apple's earnings results and the fact that everyone has an iPhone, everyone has an iPad. So the usability and the experience that our clients and their employees have with our products has become more important over the last 5 years, and is going to become very important over the next 5 years. So I think it's natural that we have to have more focus and attention on product, both in terms of usability, feature functionality and quality, but also in terms of age of products. So I think these are all natural outgrowths of a changing world and a changing market, but it doesn't really imply, and I believe that we have the ability, to still maintain great sales, great service and just elevate product to the same level. So that's really the plan. The plan is not to make trade-offs or to take from one and give to the other. I think the plan is to elevate product. And we believe, our CIO believes, I believe and I think the team believes that we have the ability within the existing resources and structure that we have to be able to accomplish that.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, I think that Business 101 would tell you that differentiation is very important. You don't want to ever be commoditized on a commodity market, which we are not. So the product development focus is intended to maintain differentiation that ADP has historically had, which helps us from a pricing standpoint. Again, service and our ability to use a direct sales force to sell our value are also incredibly important to the business model. But our product focus is really all about differentiation. And differentiation helps with price. If you look at the example of RUN, I think it's helped us maintain or be consistent from a pricing standpoint in the market. So I think that there are 2 schools of thought. One is doing these types of things and creating this differentiation will help you increase your price, and another school of thought is that it will help you maintain your price. Both objectives are good.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: It's actually quite early to make any pronouncements, but -- so no surprises. No negative surprises so far. Positive surprises in terms of the culture fit, if you will, in the sense that the leadership team of the RightThing has been incredibly positive and supportive. As you know, the leader of that business is remaining the leader of that business with ADP in what we think is a category that helps us grow into more of a human capital management provider by providing some recruitment process outsourcing. So I think it's really an extension for us in terms of our product set. And again, with the benefit of only a few months or several months, it's hard to make any kind of conclusions other than to say that there really have been no negative surprises, and I think we're very happy with the management team, with their level of enthusiasm and with the way that they're integrating themselves into our National Account organization and the National Account sales force, because, ultimately, one of the big synergy points that we think we're going to have is distribution in that business. But management team is seasoned. They're quite knowledgeable about their business, and we're excited to have them on board.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, I think that from a small business market standpoint, I think we see the same -- we have, obviously, retention figures, and we have pays per control figures, and we have lots of data. But we also see the same things that you all see, which is NFIB surveys and other surveys of confidence in small businesses which impacts business formation, which has an impact on us, and also impacts, to some extent, the level of bankruptcies, which also affects our retention rates. I think the environment, to us, feels consistently better than it did in '08 and '09, as reflected in our retention rates, which are impacted also by better service delivery. But clearly, in that space, in small business, also are impacted by the number of bankruptcies and out of business. So we are seeing no negative trends, if you will, in the small business market in the numbers that we're seeing. So we feel good about the environment in general. And I think you had a second -- what was the second part of your question? I'm sorry.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Right, so software -- so RUN is a software-as-a-service. And again, I like to think that software-as-a-service has the word service, but many of the software-as-a-service providers really distribute software over the Internet, which is not really providing service. And so ironically, we think that we are the actual software-as-a-service provider, because we are providing software over the Web. It is resident on our servers and not on the clients'. So I think it's the same business model as what you all hear about software-as-a-service. But we really put the service in SaaS, because we do solve problems for clients and we do take issues and resolve them on the tax side or on the payroll side. And I think that's where our differentiation comes in. But we are a SaaS provider in the small business market.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, I think I'll make a general comment because I'm not sure that I have specifics by business unit. But generally speaking, what we call our starts, which is versus our sales, our sales dollars, our starts are clients who actually started their first processing. The growth in our starts year-over-year is consistent or better than our sales growth. So I think that would be an indication that, overall, for all of Employer Services, we're not having an issue with a client's or us slowing down implementations. Having said that, I do want to, again, thank and congratulate our service and implementation organization because this is a very difficult time of the year for them. And to accomplish that and to accomplish the level of starts that they've had is no small feat. So we, I think, are pleased with, I think, the efforts that we've made, and we don't see clients delaying in the SBS and Major Accounts space. We don't see any issues around delays either on our part or the client's part. In GlobalView and in National Accounts, in '08 and '09, we experienced some deterioration in our starts as a result of client cancellations or delays, and that has been abating, but there is still some of it, particularly in our GlobalView space.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think some of it is just timing. It's really not -- the acquisition -- the divestiture certainly doesn't help. But I -- it's really not meaningful in the quarter. I think it's really just a timing issue, because, again, the sales results -- we are a recurring revenue business, so sales are the annual value of our sale. And we recognize those revenues monthly, quarterly as time goes on. So I think this is a natural part of our business model that there is, I think, a lag from when you see the revenue show up when sales turn up.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So again, I think if you see a departure, it would be more around communication and emphasis, because I was part of putting together that 5-year -- that 5-point plan. I was part of that management team. So I think any adjustments you see would be, again, around emphasis and not around wholesale shifts in strategy or business model. So again, that's really, I think, all that's appropriate for me to say, because this is my second month in the job. And if -- when and if we have adjustments, I think, or revisions to our strategy, we would obviously communicate those openly with everyone.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, again, it's somewhat -- sometimes you have to wonder whether you should bring -- even bring up some of these things. This is a very unusual -- we typically would not mention this or focus on it. But it was so unusual, both because of its size and because of the product that it was and where it came from, from an acquisition and a legacy platform of the acquisition, we thought it was worth mentioning. So our intention in mentioning it was to emphasize that it was onetime in nature. So no, we don't have any other large client losses of the same magnitude that we're aware of today. As you know, things can change and things can happen. But I think we were trying to really send a message that we're comfortable and confident with our current forecast or the updated forecast on our retention and trying to just give some color around what happened in the quarter. Because of the way we calculate losses, it had an outsize impact in the quarter, and we just wanted to help provide some clarity on that.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, what I would say is that as much as it seems obvious, one quarter is not a trend in the high end of the market. Some improvement in our GlobalView sales, I think, is also not something to be interpreted as a trend. Some of these sales that we've closed have been in process literally for multiple years, and they happened to close in a particular quarter. So I think our sense comes from talking to our sales force, talking to our sales leaders, and we can't help but be influenced also by what we see around us. So when you look at other large companies who are selling into the enterprise space, I think that we're consistent. Our view and our feeling on the high end of the market is not inconsistent with what we're seeing and hearing in some other companies. Obviously, that varies by industry. Generally speaking, I think large companies are still cautious in their spending. You can look at it, and we have surveys around from the BRT that show CEO willingness to invest in capital expenditures. Our solutions aren't necessarily capital expenditures and buildings, but they are large investments and large commitments that typically require CEO or CFO sign-off. I think it's just -- it's safe to say that with the clouds in Europe and some of the other kind of uncertainty, whether it's political or otherwise, I think is causing some reluctance in the high end of the market.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, at the risk of getting into the weeds, only because I had this conversation last week with someone, the cost of implementation for RUN on a per-unit basis is lower. So we're happy about that. But that's now 2 years plus after the rollout of the product. I think on Vantage, it's safe to say that the cost of implementation on a per-unit basis will actually be higher in the short term. But of course, our expectation is that we'll be lower over the long term. But it's going to take a while.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: We tend to look more at our competition against other outsourcers, because, what we've looked at over the last decade or so, the data is fairly consistent that people tend to switch within their category So for example, someone who's outsourcing tends to switch from one outsourcer to another. People that are in-house tend to stay in-house. Having said that, clearly, one of our biggest market opportunities is penetrating the in-house. I don't think that we have, fortunately or unfortunately, depending on how you look at it, any news to report on any major shift in terms of our win rate against the in-house market. I think products like Vantage and RUN, Workforce Now are intended to help because they look and feel more like an in-house and give more control to the client and to the marketplace. But we still tend to be the most successful against -- with a client or with a prospect who is comfortable switching within their own category.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I would stay tuned, and I'm not ready to say it's not making a meaningful impact. I'm just not ready to get into -- to provide, I guess, more detail.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes. What I would point you to, David, is that -- what I went through back at the May Analyst Meeting. And in that meeting, you'll recall that I gave how much of the portfolio matures over the next couple of years. And you'll see the same amount basically matures in next year, and you can see what the embedded base is. And so if rates stay the same, that gives you a pretty good clue. So I think I've given you all the puzzle pieces. I hesitate giving fiscal year '13 guidance yet, but I will be updating that as we go throughout the year. But I think you'll -- you can get what you need out of that meeting. The interesting thing is, since May, when rates were low, rates have actually ticked down a little bit. And if you remember, I gave you a way to think about balance growth, et cetera. So it's all there, and I'll be doing that more towards the end of this year to give insight into next year.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes. I think from an NOI standpoint, it's not particularly material. But from a margin standpoint, it continues to be a drag. Drag gets a little bit better, as we said in our earlier remarks, from the acquisitions we did last year, though they're still negative. But then as you look into the third and fourth quarter, you've got some of the more recent acquisitions that have the full year -- full impact in the third and fourth quarter. So they're a bit of a drag as well.
Christopher R. Reidy: No. The most recent ones that we did since the last time we updated guidance aren't all that material. We had the RightThing in -- and last time, right? So that was a little bit bigger. The Dealer acquisition we did recently is kind of mid-teen-ish kind of revenue for the rest of the period.
Christopher R. Reidy: And to your question about execution versus something else going on, I think, as we've been saying, if we put really good innovative products into the hands of our sales people, it helps with execution. So it's a combination of both. It's hard to tell which, but it's a winning combination.
Christopher R. Reidy: Well, it was also -- it wasn't just January. It was the whole second quarter. So we're 11% year-to-date. We see the momentum. The momentum is strong across the business, so it's not just one unit. It's -- we're seeing the strength everywhere. We mentioned specifically double digits in SBS and National Accounts and ABS and best-of-breed and International. But then even if you peel back on TotalSource, they had very high single-digit growth against a very difficult compare. Majors is very strong, high single digits. So it's across the board, and the momentum feels good. So it's all of those things. It's everything that we're seeing, and that's why we increased what we expect to see for the year.
Christopher R. Reidy: Well, it is that, but it also includes the fact that sales growth was strong last year. And so that creates a little bit of higher grow-over on implementation expense this year.
Christopher R. Reidy: So just to be clear, the GlobalView chunky sales that you referred to did help us on the domestic side in our National Account results in the second quarter. But our sales strength and results are strong across all of the segments. So we're very pleased with the entire across-the-board sales results. And to your question about the acquisitions, I think you the -- what mentioned in terms of how much help we would get from the acquisitions is about right. It's not material, and it's not significant to the guidance increase.
Christopher R. Reidy: I think the only other thing would be the interest rate environment hasn't gotten any better either. And so -- you put all those things together. So when we say mixed, bear in mind that some of the key indicators we look at, to your point, are things like pays per control to the employment levels. And we're seeing good growth there and across-the-board sales growth, particularly in the -- other than the National Account, as Carlos mentioned, everywhere else it's strong and has been strong. So there's positive signs, and yet, there's still a bit of that cloud. And I think that's probably indicative of what most people feel about where the economy is right now. It's not going great guns. It's just sort of chugging along. So that's kind of what we meant by that.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure, yes, no. Sequentially, just taking it from the ADP level -- although you focused on ES, I'll start with ADP. We were down sequentially. On an internal basis, let me point you to that because it takes some of the noise out from the acquisitions, where we were 9.7% growth from an internal basis in Q1 and down to 5.9% in Q2. Two whole percentage points of that was related to FX, which we talked about in our remarks that we didn't get in the second quarter. So that kind of makes the compare 7.7% to 5.9%. If you break that down now to the ES piece, it was really 7.3% in ES going to about 5%. And there were 2 things that impacted that. One is just the fact that there is one less calendar day in Q2 than there was in Q1. And so it's kind of a -- an anomaly of the calendar. But one whole day makes a big difference. And so that was part of it. The other is, if you recall us talking in the past about our Tax Credit Services business and the HIRE Act that was in place through last year, the last bit of that came through in the first quarter, which was kind of a retention credit if the people that you hired were still around. And that came through in the first quarter, and that all went away in the second quarter. So that was the -- those are the 2 reasons for that deceleration in the sequential. Dealer, on the other hand, actually ticked up slightly from 5.6% to 6.7% and primarily because Cobalt is now internal for the entire quarter versus being halfway in the first quarter. So when you put all that together, that accounts for the difference.
Christopher R. Reidy: And I would also add that the items that I talked about driving the sequential change, all things we anticipated in our plan and -- when we gave guidance initially and when we upped that guidance in October. So nothing unexpected.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes, it probably is. I'd have to check. And I'll come back to that. But that's probably about right.
Christopher R. Reidy: And Gary just looked at a schedule that gave us a little bit more info on the internal growth in ES in the third and fourth quarter, and it'll tick up slightly from the 5% that you see in the run rate in second quarter.
Christopher R. Reidy: I think the only other color I would add is some of the development that we've seen in the new product innovations, it's less of a once and done, and it's kind of a continuous process. So though we mentioned RUN for a couple of years now, it's continuing to evolve. The most recent would have been the introduction of the mobile app for employees of small businesses, which I think was back in October or November. We've done some things with RUN around the wholesale market. So it's a kind of a continuous evolvement, probably more so going forward than it had been in the past.
Christopher R. Reidy: And as you know, we typically put in our price increases at the beginning of the year, from a slightly different pricing perspective. And I think, as I said on the last call, we had just about 1% increase, which is consistent with what we've done for the last 2 years. And so that certainly is a conscious decision on our part to be at the 1%. We've gotten 1% to 2% in the past. But given the economy, we moved to the low end of that range and because it certainly has an impact on retention if you try to go too high. But we've -- even in the economy that we've had over the last 2 or 3 years, have been able to get a 1%, on average, across the company.
Christopher R. Reidy: We did, and it was down just a tick. But it was pretty mixed by country, and so it was all over the map by country. But it's down a tick. But when we look at that, sales grew nicely at the high end of the market, and so it wasn't a meaningful change overall.
Christopher R. Reidy: Well, that was related to a fund that we held. It was the Norwegian Export Finance, and that was actually downgraded, I think, 7 notches by either Moody's or S&P, I don't recall. Both of them went down significantly. And so we intend to sell that. And so that's actually ticked up a little bit in terms of pricing in January, but it was the decision to sell that and get out.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes. And I think, other than what we said this morning, Tien-Tsin, the real turnaround really is the grow-over lapping. And most of what we had invested in was towards the end of the third quarter into the fourth quarter. And so we bore the brunt of that on a grow-over basis in the first 3 quarters, and that turns around in a big way in the fourth quarter, which kind of points to some of the lumpiness we were talking to around the third and fourth quarter going forward.
Christopher R. Reidy: And if you look at our guidance for the ES margins, it's ticked down a little bit from about 50 to the -- up to 30, and that was taking into consideration a few things, which I think we outlined even in the press release. But it took everything from higher sales expense to the lost earnings that we have from the sale of the assets that we referred to and the lower balance growth. So all of those things, putting them together, ticked down slightly what our expectation was for the margins for the year.
Christopher R. Reidy: I think if you went back to our original guidance and looked at what balance growths looked like and what interest rates look like, in the first quarter, it ticked down because interest rates were lower than what we had originally used for guidance at the beginning of the year. And then in this quarter, as we said, it's mostly the slightly lower balance growth. Put all that together and it's down $20 million since the original guidance that we gave. So it's unusual because you don't think you can get any lower, but it did get a little bit lower.
Christopher R. Reidy: No particular reason other than we flex that with acquisitions. So we obviously did a number of acquisitions in 2Q. If you look at the year-to-date share buybacks, they're still fairly substantial at over $300 million. So it can be a little bit lumpy there, too, depending on acquisitions that we're about to do or the ones that are in the pipeline, et cetera. So it was more of that. But at $300 million year-to-date, that's pretty consistent with what we've seen in the past, if not a little bit higher. And as we say, we're committed to being at least what we see in dilution, and we're probably double in terms of number of shares purchased versus the amount that was dilutive from option exercises. So the $300 million is pretty healthy, I think, and that's about it.
Christopher R. Reidy: And I think, Mark, the takeaway you should have is we've had some real good success in seeing the fruits of the investments in technology with RUN and Workforce Now. It works. You see it. It's not like this is a change in emphasis, but it's a continuation and maybe a little bit more emphasis. So I don't think it's a dramatic change from where we've been. And it's clear when you have really good products like what we've seen with RUN and Workforce Now, it's -- put that with a good sales and distribution group and a great service group and it's a real winning combination, and we just intend to keep that going.
Christopher R. Reidy: It was not something that was unanticipated, and it was actually in our plan that it would be a loss this year. We just didn't know if it was going to be in the first quarter, second quarter or third quarter, fourth quarter. Actually, as Carlos said, as you calculate that impact, it's over the second quarter. So you look at that comparison, it has more of an impact when it happens earlier in the year, and so it's not as much of a drag for the full year. But some of these things do happen, and we don't have a 100% retention. And this was one that we felt we'd call out, but really no change to how we think about retention for the year.
Christopher R. Reidy: No. I mean, we're not giving anything -- we've told you. And if you think back to what we've said in the past, we are at historical highs. We're thrilled with that, but we expect that to be able to get a little bit better each year, and we're still looking at the same for this year. This is the quarter. It really isn't the second quarter and what happened that is that meaningful. It's this quarter that's more meaningful from a retention standpoint.
Christopher R. Reidy: The market's so large. It's going to -- it takes a long time for those kinds of shifts to happen in a meaningful way. And so early -- too early to call that one.
