Carlos A. Rodriguez: We feel still pretty good about our momentum when you look across the different businesses with retention and you look at our client satisfaction scores. And as usual, there was some noise from a couple of large losses. So we did have in particular a large loss in what we call our comp solutions business which really provides standalone services. So there was a company that we were providing standalone services to that was a relatively large revenue loss. And that had an impact on the numbers. So I guess it's the old story, this happens every several quarters that we have one or two large losses that may move the needle and I think that's what happened this quarter. Because we still feel pretty good. In full transparency, our mid market retention actually was pretty good. And it's because we did finish the migration. So even though we had some losses towards the end of the migrations there were still, in relation to the size of the business, there were few enough left that even though we lost some at the end, we still now are seeing what we were hoping to see, which is our strategic platform has higher retention rates and as the amount of business on the old platform goes to zero, you see the math just works in your favor. And so I think we have nothing but positive things to report about our mid market retention in the fourth quarter.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yeah. And adding just to Jan's comment, I always worry when we have the strong finish as Jan was alluding to. We typically have incentives that drive very strong performance towards the end. That tends to happen to be magnified when you already are having a very strong year. And I think we had definitely a good year. But as you know the first half was still a challenge for us and it was really in the third quarter where we really kind of picked up the momentum. And then in the fourth quarter that momentum accelerated. So we did have a strong finish. I think people were racing towards those accelerators. But again, this is more art than science in terms of trying to get a feel for kind of where we are. But I would echo Jan's comment that we're feeling pretty good at least for about the start. The momentum carrying into the first quarter is I think good.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: We looked at the balance of trade numbers to really see if there's any kind of competitive issues and we didn't see anything there throughout the whole year. So we then, I think it was probably after the first half I started looking back to see, is there something typically when you don't see any issues that are competitive or the economy or otherwise, there's usually, in my experience at ADP and taught to me by my predecessors is, there is usually something around our incentives internally. Because as you know, whether it's in the PEO or other parts of our business, our incentives are quite aligned to drive business to our most profitable, highest revenue sources which are the PEO. And we get I think it's about 50% of our business from internally generated leads. So that system of incentives and lead flow is very, very important. And we did make some changes that, I'm ashamed to say I wasn't 100% aware of that I think created a distraction, let's just say, to lead flow particularly for mid market clients into the PEO. So we readjusted those incentives. I believe it was in the third quarter, towards the end of the third quarter of this fiscal year and we already saw in the fourth quarter double digit growth in bookings in the PEO. And we don't want to split it in terms of how much was up market and down market. But we had, suffice to say, we had strong double digit sales growth and bookings growth in the PEO and the mid market contributed to that without getting too specific.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yeah, I think Jan's comment about double digit unit growth is for the full year. It's in addition to my comment about the fourth quarter. I think it's another triangulation to get to the conclusion. Right now, our conclusion is that there is no competitive issue.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So a couple of just points in terms from a historical perspective. We started using reinsurance. As you know, we disclose all of this in our 10-K. So the amount of reserves that we have is related to years back between, I believe it's 2004 and 2012, if I'm not mistaken, or 2013. From that point forward, we have less volatility even though there is some risk sharing collar, if you will, but it's very relatively limited. So this issue about reserves is historical. But we have seen fortunately overall positive development in the last several years. And so this is not the first year, in 2018, where we've had a benefit from, or what we would call release of reserves if you will. Now some of that is related to possibly the economy. It could be related to healthcare. There is a lot of things that go in. Workers' compensation is a long-tail insurance. And so there is quite a bit of volatility in those numbers themselves. But we've consistently over the last four years had benefits if you will. In 2018, it was a particularly large benefit, which is why Jan was in his comments explaining that we have a grow over issue. We don't, as you can imagine, we can't plan for the release of workers' compensation reserves, because that has to do with actuarial work that gets done. It actually gets done on a quarterly basis and we adjust those reserves on a quarterly basis. But if we continue to have favorable loss development, which is what causes the release of these reserves, we should have some benefit in 2019. We just don't believe that it could be as large as it was in 2019 and don't at least have that planned currently.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: It's really not that – it's not significant enough to – we had lots of other things that were of similar size. Like for example, we, to go in the other direction. So we had acquisition drag. We had our migrations expense went up by almost $20 million for the year. So the issue is that since we have segment reporting, we're giving you margins at the segment level and we're increasing our disclosure. We're just giving you a lot of extra color. But we weren't trying to imply that we made our numbers or that our EPS was driven by the reserves. It just happens to be that because of the size of the PEO, when you exclude pass-throughs in the PEO and you look at that margin, it's a large business but the release of those reserves I think can impact those margins from quarter-to-quarter and from year-to-year. But you shouldn't read – don't read anything more into it other than at the segment level, which is what we're trying to give you color on.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yeah well, I think there a couple of different pieces. One is the momentum in terms of underlying worksite employee growth which I think we've been talking about it for the last – we talked about it the last quarter. I think it was also a focus item. You guys had a question about it then and again, no different than the rest of our recurring revenue businesses. If we believe that, and we do believe that we're optimistic about next year around new business bookings and retention. It's not something that turns around in July or in August. It's a gradual lift back up over the course of the year. So I think some of it is just the core slowdown in worksite employee growth which has gone from somewhere in the low teens to 9%, I think is what we just said when we ended the year. So that's one factor. And then the other factor, which is actually more significant if you're focused on top line growth, which I would be careful about doing in the PEO, is what happens with pass-throughs. And so as Jan was alluding to, we have an issue with workers' compensation and SUI rates coming down which is frankly a huge positive for us. From a selling standpoint, it's a positive for our clients. It's a positive for retention, but that puts pressure on revenues. And then the biggest factor really is benefits. When you look at top line overall revenue in the PEO, we've had years, particularly as ACA was starting to kick in in the early years of the Affordable Care Act, we had higher participation rates in benefits. So you had not only inflation of benefit rates, but you had higher participation of benefits. And by participation, we mean the number of worksite employees, the percentage of worksite employees taking benefits. So that was adding and actually putting downward pressure on margins, because it was putting upward pressure on revenue growth. We now have the opposite effect, which is lower participation on benefits plans. It's been a trend that's been in place for it feels like six or so quarters. We have been watching it quarterly. We think that it probably has something to do with ACA, because you had people kind of first gearing up for ACA and then you had implementation of ACA and although technically many of the rules haven't changed around ACA, it has been, some of it has been defanged and you're getting, I think the outcome that you would expect if you are taking away laws and rules that encourage or force people to have benefits coverage. And so we are seeing – again, this is not a dramatic drop in benefits participation. But it's enough to pressure the revenue component of overall PEO revenues which is the largest component of total revenue.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yeah let me – I'll have Jan touch on that in a second. But I should have finished my PEO thought because your – I don't think I completed the answer to your question. I think that the reason we remain bullish after everything I just said about benefits, I'm trying to give you color and explain kind of what's happening in the revenue growth numbers and in the noise. But in the PEO, the most important thing for us in the PEO is profit per employee. And that is something that we continue to see reasonable growth in. And so the noise around margins and around pass-through revenue growth is just not really the right way to look at value creation because as we now answer your question about EPS, the most important thing for us is contribution to EPS. So the only place where we're unhappy about the PEO is that we had a slight deceleration in worksite employee growth, which obviously leads to slight decrease in overall growth of profit assuming all other things being equal. So that's a fair issue that's related really to our net new business, to bookings and retention, which we feel better about now going into the new year. But all the other stuff is just noise. And I think the real important thing is to remember that every time we move a client to the PEO or a worksite employee onto the PEO from a pay, it adds profit to the company. And so we have an incentive. We're highly incented to do that as much as possible.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yeah. I would say, if anything we feel like the finish we had for 2018 gives us a lot of confidence about the momentum we have to be able to deliver on the commitments that we outlined at Investor Day. So I think the answer would be absolutely not, that I think we feel actually better. And I realize that the guidance and the discussions we had were about 2019 through 2021. But when you finish 2018 ahead of where you thought you were going to finish, we would like to get a little bit of credit for that because what we're trying to get to is higher overall margins, higher overall profit, higher overall EPS. And I think whether it happens in 2018 or 2019 or in 2020 or 2021, those are all good things for us.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So one of the things that is helping, which is obviously the positive is, we clearly see what appears to be, because of the recurring revenue nature of our business, when you have the challenges like we had with retention and new business bookings causes a lot of pressure on the core growth of an organic basis whether it's Employer Services or the PEO. We now, I would say that the middle of fiscal year 2018, it appears to be the trough. Certainly as of today it's the trough. You just, you don't know a year from now when you look back if that will be accurate. But today, it looks like the trough and so we see clear acceleration of the net of our new business, what we call our net new business which is the difference between our starts that result from sales and our losses. And so part of the acceleration in Employer Services is about around 0.5 points if you will of acceleration, which is in our world is good. I mean, when I look back to 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 kind of shortly after I became CEO, we had really great momentum around bookings like we have now. We had good retention which we have now. And we added between 0.5 points to 1 point of core growth if you will to the business. So that's my hope now for the next two or three years. And I think 2019 is the first year where we have that baked into the plan because we have the good bookings and we have I think a small improvement in retention also planned as well. I think Jan actually, when he talked about retention, he mentioned something about 2018 and 2019. So 2018 retention was 90.4%. And we're expecting a 20 to 25 basis point improvement over that in 2019. So I'm sorry, that's one of the factors. We also did include, we are including our interest income, our client funds interest income now as part of the Employer Services segment. And as you know, that's improving and growing. And so that's helping probably 0.5 points as well, 0.5% to 0.75 points, so I think that's how you get to the numbers you're asking about.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So it's a good question. We looked at that yesterday and it's a hard path for sure. But the question is, do we really, is that really, even though we provided the guidance and we don't like backing off of guidance, I just talked about previously, that top-line revenue growth from the PEO is not really the most important number to look at from a value creation standpoint, which is why we're providing other disclosures around the PEO now to help with that. But clearly, it could happen because as we now, we're surprised by the deceleration in benefits revenue and the deceleration in workers' comp and SUI, you could have in 2020 or 2021 healthcare inflation which is not out of the realm of possibility that then gets us to that guidance. But frankly, if we got back into that range, it probably wouldn't change the EPS. And it would change the margins, but it wouldn't change EPS and it wouldn't change dollars of profit for the company. Because what that's driven by is the growth of worksite employees and by retention and new business bookings.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: We have strong confidence. I would say that our confidence is strong in continuing the momentum into the first quarter. I think it's probably, given the way new business bookings work, I think for us to sit here and say, we're obviously providing what we think are very confident numbers about the full year. But trying to look forward to the fourth quarter, you're hopefully not asking about that. So if you're just asking coming off of the first quarter, off of the fourth quarter, how do you feel going into the new year, I would reiterate strong. We feel very strong confidence in our momentum right now. In terms of, I think Jan said in his comments, I think the strength we see is really across the board. So I think all of the business units frankly are performing well from a new business bookings standpoint. It took some time. Our salesforce, it's, I know it seems like a long time ago but three or four years ago everyone was talking about compliance for ACA and increased government regulation and new laws around overtime and so forth. And so there was a fairly large shift in climate that required a retooling of a salesforce that had been focused more on selling additional business and selling additional modules to one that was focused on selling logos. And to the credit of the salesforce, which is really the greatest salesforce in the world, it made a massive turnaround. And now we have I think it's close to 60% of our new business bookings coming from new business and new logos versus probably 40% at the low point, when we had the Affordable Care Act giving us that tailwind. So it was a pretty massive retooling. And it took some time. We had to change incentives. We had to change focus and as usual they came through. And you can see the results now.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yeah, I don't want to be mysterious or complicated. So we have other – our salesforces have incentives that we can vary at times. Like for example, our mid market salesforce has an incentive to provide leads to the PEO and they get a certain percentage sales credit which then drives commissions. And by the way, the sales credit is probably more important in some cases than the commission, but just because of the culture of our salesforce. But either way, we have these incentives in place. And if there are other products that salesforce we're trying to sell and we provide, we may not necessarily change the incentive to the PEO to drive leads to the PEO. But if we change an incentive to provide leads somewhere else, it may lead the salesforce somewhere else, which is what happened. And I don't want to get into too many specifics, but we have other for example BPO solutions that are also mid market oriented, which have also grown at a very healthy rate. And I think we saw kind of a temporary shift, if you will. And we have much higher value, both businesses are great businesses. Both are growing very rapidly. Both have good profitability. But the PEO has a higher dollar profit per worksite employee. And so we went back and readjusted that incentive. So it's not anything complicated or mysterious. It's just that the leads started going to a different place than where they maybe had the highest value to ADP.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well it's a great question for the obvious reasons in terms of where the numbers are. But I think today we reported I think 200,000 – what was the number? 217,000 additional added to the payroll. So honestly, I think Jan and I have been cautioning and telling ourselves that as unemployment goes down and the labor market tightens that we should see some kind of slowdown there. But we haven't seen it. And it could be as a result of, if you look at labor force participation, and yes it's driven somewhat by demographics, but there's still, there are some arguments to be made that there could be 3 million to 3.5 million people that are still on the sidelines, right. If you think you could get back to labor participation rates around I think 65%; I think we're at 64% going back to 65%. So again I'm not the macroeconomist. And we kind of try to plan based on the environment we have, the interest rates we have. And we try to be cautious about momentum. But right now, frankly the momentum is really good. So it would not have been prudent for us for 2019 to plan some large drop in employment or some, because it just doesn't feel like that's in the cards, because despite the tightness, apparent tightness of the labor market, you also have an economy that is incredibly strong and it's picked up momentum from a GDP standpoint. That generally creates demand for labor. That'll also create demand for improvements in productivity which will help the economy. And so it feels to me like a pretty good environment right now, but something that we should definitely watch out for. So I'm not trying to dismiss your point, but not much I can do about it now because it's just too much good news.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yeah and by the way, we're just getting now back to, I think it was in the Journal, today they talked. We've seeing the same thing with wage inflation starting to pick up. But it's just now getting back to where it was on average over, call it, I think it was 2001 to 2007 is what the Journal said. And I think it's 2.7%, 2.8%. We show the same kind of trends in our wage inflation. And so even though you're seeing wage inflation, that's a response to for sure tightness in the labor markets. It doesn't change the fact that it's still not running at 4%. So there's something happening. There must be slack in the labor market. There has to be something there.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yeah, as you know, we're very bullish on our next gen platforms and what they're going to do long-term health of the business. But from a technically speaking standpoint, it's just we're such a big company, I think our bookings for next year are $1.8 billion or somewhere in that neighborhood.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I'm sorry. Right. The Employer Services bookings number. But and the bottom line is the numbers are big enough now that as we roll out new products, you have to have a lot of them. So our salesforce, when we tell them the same thing about next gen should be really helping you, they focus on this gen. Like they want to know what's available to sell now and so the good news is we have things like our analytics products. We have the acquisitions we just talked about. So we do have a number of things that we've been working on over the prior several years that have now provided ammunition for them to be able to go out and have some portion of that sales guidance come from "new products", notwithstanding the fact that our next generation platforms are just not quite at the point where they're going to make a meaningful impact on sales in 2019.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yeah, that average deal size had actually grown, had gone up in the last several years. And I think some of it was again, I hate to keep going back, I think we drove some of that through our incentives because I think it's a product that fits both the down market and the mid market very well.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Very meaningful strategically if I may add. Because again as Jan was alluding to, we're in this conundrum always where we talk about our size. We're $13.3 billion in revenue or whatever the number is for 2018 here that we finished. So when we make an acquisition that is meaningful and strategic and we're very excited about it, unfortunately, financially, it might not have a big impact. But we certainly expect it to have a big impact in our ability to continue selling and be successful in the multinational space which is a, again a mid teens growing business for us and this just extends that leadership and I think that success that we're having in that space.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So I think we've been doing a lot of work. And I think Jan can probably add a couple of examples. But we've been doing a lot of work over the last year or two around what we call process improvement, in trying to really as an example reduce non-value contacts. So we want to make sure that the products themselves are intuitive, easy to use and that we build in solutions so that people don't have to seek out help. Clearly we're a solutions provider, not just a software provider, so if someone wants help, we're there to help them, but we want to be value added. The non-value added interactions are dissatisfiers for the client and also increase costs for us. And so I think we've made progress in the last couple years in reducing what we refer to as our non-value contacts. So that's a source of margin improvement because it reduces the number of people we need to service X number of clients. And so it's really a productivity enhancement effort. So I'd say most of the margin improvement that we expect to get, and I would say that the voluntarily retirement is wrapped up into that, because it has to be factored into the overall amount of labor you have is to increase productivity. So increase really revenue per associate or per employee while revenues continue to grow. So as an example, I think in 2018 we finished with our growth in full-time employees being relatively flat, like compared to what we consider to be pretty good revenue growth. And I think for 2019, we would see kind of a similar picture, maybe slight increase. But we've kind of brought down the nose of the ship if you will in terms of the growth of the number of people we need in order to service X number of clients. So we're trying to grow the business obviously faster, but we're trying to grow the expense and the number of people to service those clients at a slower rate than even we were growing before. And I think that's what leads to margin improvement. So that's a simplified way of describing dozens of things that we have underway to make ourselves better and more efficient.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: The bottom line is I think fewer platforms, a simplified environment, and then next generation solutions that are much more efficient to operate, more efficient to develop on and more efficient to maintain I think is really part of the formula.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: So it's a great question. I mean, I'm very pleased with what we've been able to do on the acquisition front over the last 12 to 18 months. And I think if we could continue to find things like we have found the last 18 months, we would do those all day long. The challenge of course for us as you know is we are in the process of simplifying, reducing platforms, focusing on our next generation platforms. And so that makes it hard to do what I would call traditional, make traditional acquisitions. So we're not looking for example for the next benefits platform. We're not looking for the next payroll platform. We're building our own next generation payroll platform. We have a great one already that is serving us well and is a very, very profitable. And so it is challenging because when you look at the HCM space, we operate in really across almost every segment from hire to retire. And we feel great about the products and the platforms that we have. But as you saw over the last 18 months, there's always some stuff you can do that's new and can add to the portfolio. So I think as long as it's additive and fits into our strategic roadmap, we are buyers. And we're on the lookout for those types of ways to use our capital, right, to add shareholder value. So it's kind of hard to give you a completely bullish answer, because we're trying to be very, very disciplined, but we've been very, very fortunate in the last 18 months. And I hope that our luck continues and that we find things that can really be difference makers for our clients, but and to our growth rates, but that also fit into our strategic roadmap and don't just add additional complexity.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Thanks. Just quickly, obviously this year we spent a lot of time listening to our shareholders and to all of you as well. And I think our interactions this year, I think just I think reinforced our conviction in the strategy that we're pursuing. We got very positive feedback from our Investor Day about our plans and our strategy to create sustainable long-term value. So we're going to continue obviously on the path that we're on. The results this year I think really set us up well for fiscal 2019. We feel like we've seen some acceleration, as I mentioned, I would call it a trough if you will in the middle of this last fiscal year. So I think heading into next year, we have really good momentum. So whether it's the next generation platforms that we just talked about, or the mid market migrations or the acquisitions that we just talked about or progress on the Service Alignment Initiative or the voluntary early retirement program, I think it's pretty clear that we are committed to accelerating the pace of change at ADP and that we're actually well underway. I'm particularly pleased, I have to say this year, with the ability of the organization overall to overcome the pressures that we had from bookings and retention, call it a couple of years ago, that right in the middle of the perfect storm of the Affordable Care Act and some other things that distracted us. But we're past that. You can see that we had solid performance in 2018 and I'm really, that makes me very, very optimistic about the future for ADP. So, and I think lastly, I have to as always say that when we reflect on all these accomplishments, which are many in 2018, I just want to thank all of our associates for their dedication to providing the best-in-class solutions to our clients, because our business is all about our clients and our clients are all about the associates that serve them. So with that, I want to thank you for listening in today, and thank you for your continued interest in ADP.
Jan Siegmund: I can take the sales outlook. As we indicated, the momentum that we experienced on new business bookings for the fourth quarter was very broad based really across all market segments and good momentum for a lot of products. So the overall forecast that we have for our salesforce continues to be that all business units will experience good growth, solid healthy growth. Maybe a little bit more strength in the down market, but overall I would say a very balanced portfolio. And we do have a little bit of selling season but the quarters are actually fairly balanced. It's like different market segments have different selling seasons. And we experience at times at year-end a big push towards the end which has to do with our incentive systems I believe, but nothing unusual relative to our sales distribution effort. But we're feeling really good. Well staffed. Salesforce is excited about the core products and is excited about the product additions that we have brought through acquisitions to the table. So we're confident about sales.
Jan Siegmund: Maybe, David, one other pointer is that the unit growth of new business bookings into the PEO actually accelerated meaningfully and it was in the high double digits, in the high teens, and which means we had really an overall acceleration of deal flow, which bodes well for competitiveness. It just happened to be that we had to fix this mid market situation. So that bodes I think overall well.
Jan Siegmund: So relative to the impact of 605 and 606 to our medium-term expectations regarding EPS, so as you can deduct from our disclosures, the impact of 606 in fiscal year 2018 was a little bit higher than we had initially anticipated and is a little bit higher also I think in 2019 actually. But we have no outlook relative to its impact that changed compared to our Investor Day schedule that we provided for the outer years. So what that means is we finished 2018 a little bit ahead of our own expectations. So we have really terrific momentum going on. And we feel 2019 is exactly is in line and contributing to our overall goals. So we're not really changing our expectations for the medium run.
Jan Siegmund: The good part of new logo growth acceleration, which I think is a good measure of the competitiveness in a new market, is that it was strong really across our segments. So we saw new logo growth really as we sold to new clients in all segments, which was particular focus, as we talked about that in the Investor Day. And those are playing off and that should give us a good run rate going forward.
Jan Siegmund: Not to steal the thunder of the product teams, but Global Cash Card has a lot of momentum. We're selling already the Global Cash Card product, but also the new products are coming out and everything on both acquisitions are meeting their milestones. So we continue to be very excited about them.
Jan Siegmund: That's what I would have said. And it may be gearing ever so slightly a little bit higher on the head count side, but, and productivity side, but in general, that's the mix. And I think the team is optimistic about 2019 to achieve it with some moderate head count growth for the carrier side and then with a bunch of these new products aided by additional acquisitions that come into the pipeline to drive then the overall productivity in addition to the head count growth for the overall result. So that's exactly what.
Jan Siegmund: That's for example Global Cash Card is a new product that's actually meaningfully adding to our sales growth in 2018.
Jan Siegmund: Yeah. So that's the separation (56:18), David. So next generation products will be a very small part only of our 2019 numbers. We accelerated, as we disclosed, a number of clients on the strategic platforms in order to scale and test. But Lifion, that number is not going to be impacting 2019. It will be more meaningful in 2020 and 2021.
Jan Siegmund: And I was (58:26), so I apologize David for that. So just, because you're asking, our ADP client growth overall, number of clients that are with ADP grew by 6%. That's the entire base to the 740,000 clients or so. That's about 6%, which is very healthy growth. It's nice, and we're very proud of that. When I referred to our high teens in new logo growth, we refer about the number of new clients that we were able to sell to and compare that to the number of new clients that we sold last year. And that's a different number. That's kind of new logo growth number relative to our new business bookings number. And that really accelerated very nicely in the PEO last year. And so which means basically we had a reacceleration of new business bookings in the PEO, but a lot more smaller clients and the average deal size was a little smaller.
Jan Siegmund: The acquisition of Celergo that we announced today is going to be not meaningful to the overall revenue growth.
Jan Siegmund: The part of the sources of the margin expansion for your benefit, the most important one as Carlos just described and they're driven then underlining with tools like the early retirement, like our Service Alignment Initiative and general business improvement initiatives to reduce the workload and make our workforce more effective. And so that's a very important part of this. But also our IT folks make meaningful progress to support our infrastructure, that we do see some benefits of reduced complexity because our product set is now simpler and they have really worked hard to drive and control our overall IT infrastructure costs. So we have seen help from that in this fiscal year and I think we anticipate that going forward. And not to give when we talk about scale, scale doesn't happen on its own. And the most important driver to help with scale is improving retention and we have emphasized that I think throughout our communications that healthy revenue growth and improving retentions are very important to support sustained margin growth, because if you keep a client, obviously you don't have to sell it as a new client. And it's generally high margin business for those clients retained. So we have other factors that also help in the margin expansion momentum. And I think in the Investor Day I mentioned other initiatives like focusing on our vendor spend for example and a broad range of other things that we are undergoing that will help. But it's not only one thing. It's a lot of initiatives.
Jan Siegmund: We're still focusing on our enterprise space where we have a bunch of legacy clients to migrate and there's also work for us to do in our international business. So we maintained our migration investment year-over-year and focus now a little bit more in the enterprise space.
Jan Siegmund: The question, the strong growth in the ES portfolio is a little more centered around the down market components and our HR BPO offerings throughout all segments actually. So we had good growth in the non-PEO HR BPO offerings and our multinational offerings. So the strength of the growth drivers that we have historically observed, I think we expect to continue. And then we see actually an acceleration of the revenue performance in the mid and the up markets. So it's accelerating and improving, so all segments are really improving in our 2019 plan.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks guys. Good morning. I just wanted to come back on PEO, because it seems like for fiscal 2019 that's where there's some delta between what the Street was looking for and what you're guiding to. So there's some deceleration baked in here obviously relative to fiscal 2018 growth levels. Can you just walk us through the pieces there? Because your qualitative commentary actually sounds more upbeat in terms of some of the newfound bookings momentum in PEO. But obviously the revenue guide to 7% to 9%. So just explain to us the pieces of deceleration that seem to be embedded in the guide there.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. So that's helpful. Just to switch gears to the EPS growth outlook for fiscal 2019. So we're talking about 13% to 15%. It sounds like ASC 606 cost you 2 points. So we're really looking at 15% to 17% if we were in an ASC 605 world. And so I'm just looking at that 15% to 17% relative to the 16% to 19% CAGR from the Analyst Day. Do we need to kind of recast that 16% to 19% in an ASC 606 context? Because I think a lot of people are just trying to think about this apples-to-apples versus you were living in the 605 world at the time of the Analyst Day but now you're obviously living in the 606 world.
Jason Kupferberg: Yeah, no, agreed. I mean clearly absolute levels of EPS are being guided above the Street. So kudos to you guys on that. Thanks for the color.
