Maria Black: Good morning. I was going to say good morning, Owen. How about I start and I'll let Don chime in. I think the comment would be, just to start, we are smack in the middle of our open enrollment season exactly as you suggested, and so, it's probably too early to make a call in terms of what that's going to look like from a full year perspective on the retention side. But overall, we have seen a bit, a tiny bit of PEO retention improvement this year and the compares are getting a bit easier and we do expect some improvement for the full year. So with that, I'll let Don chime in.
Maria Black: Yes, absolutely. We're very pleased with the overall retention results. I think you see that in our revised outlook, you see that in the revision we made last quarter as well. And so, just to remind everybody just how well retention is going, fiscal '23 was a record, that record was really driven by the mid-market and international and the down market actually did decline a bit in fiscal '23 and we expect pretty much the same outlook, if you will, for full year '24, which is why we still have a down year-on-year retention result, but we're incredibly pleased with overall what we're seeing with client retention, that's really being led by a combination of things, one of which is the investments we made into product, the record results we have in terms of client satisfaction, that in and of itself was a record in the third quarter, along with retention. So, we're very, very pleased with that. As mentioned, there's still down market variability and there's down market out of business. We haven't seen it thus far this year but we still expect it to normalize a bit further. And then there's always normal variability in retention. So, we believe the retention guide is the appropriate one, but certainly we're very pleased with the record quarter and where we sit with retention thus far this year.
Maria Black: Sure. So, first and foremost, we feel good about the overall demand environments. Companies are still hiring as we saw today and they're still investing as such in people, in HCM. The call outs, I made a few of them during the prepared remarks, but it's really -- the down market continues to impress us this quarter specifically in retirement services, so I'd make a call out there, it's quite fantastic to see that story and retirement services come together. We talked quite a bit about secular tailwinds in that space based on legislation that coupled with the investments we've been making, an incredible distribution execution, really great to see the retirement services leading the way. I think other areas that I would call out that have been remarkably strong is our mid-market as well as international. And so, again, similar story to retirement services, and that it's really a great story coming together between investments and execution, and enterprise also was strong for us for the quarter. And in terms of anything changing broad-based, we haven't really seen anything change in the demand environment. Quite candidly, we feel really strong as suggested by the overall hiring landscape and the labor demand.
Maria Black: Good morning, Mark. I would say to you mid-market on both of those. So, mid-market is driving the strong NPS scores to record highs. The mid-market is driving incredible retention. So that's the one call out. You can probably hear the optimism in my voice there because it's a fantastic story coming together, but I think overall retention is incredibly strong. The mid-market international in fiscal '23 were very strong, they continue to be strong, but that's really the one call out I would make is the mid-market.
Maria Black: Yes, absolutely. So I think my general sentiments, and then Don can give the kind of a little more directional, but my general sentiments around price remain that we're very thoughtful, and very measured as it relates to how we think about price, whether that's on the new business side, or it's on the renewal side, as you mentioned. And so for us, it's about understanding kind of by segment. So you heard my commentary in the prepared remarks, just how broad and deep and diverse ADP is, with respect to our client base. As you can imagine, we think about a down market, price increased differently than perhaps an enterprise. Some of those are also long-term contracts that have indexes attached. And so all of that lends itself to a very surgical approach, right? To ensure that the price value equation remains the right one, for the market and for our clients. And obviously at the same time, what we're doing is also monitoring what's happening in the HCM space with respect to the peer group and pricing overall. And I would say from a competitive lens, we haven't seen anything unusual as it relates to price from us or the others, even though it continues to be a highly competitive environment. And so as such, our approach this year to price, which I'll let Don comment on, has been very thoughtful and I would expect us to take that same measured approach as we had into '25.
Maria Black: Oh. The answer is both. So I think it's really about solving for, again, all of the users that interact with ADP, right? So if you think about all the personas, our clients, our clients' employees, and our service agents, our sellers, it's really about putting GenAI in every part of our ecosystem. So in terms of what are we solving for, the answer is both. We're trying to drive greater service efficiency. I think, we've proven out that through digital transformation and taking friction out of our products and making those investments, we have the ability to drive up our NPS results and record client satisfaction tends to lead to similar record retention. So definitely working on ensuring that we're driving up retention. Obviously, the more happy clients we have, the easier it is for our sellers. We're also investing into generative AI for our sellers, to become more productive. So it is about service productivity. It's about seller productivity. It's about client experience. Client experience lends itself to retention. So I guess it's just one happy virtuous cycle, but I think - my answer is both, and all of it is what we hope to gain. Now, again, kind of back to the investments we're making and what Don alluded to in terms of any pressure we would have with respect to margin on those investments. Some of these investments, we know they're the right thing for ADP, but they will take time to ultimately garner all of the results, in all of these categories that I just mentioned. And so, as it stands today, we have some really exciting things that we're seeing. If you think about something, like call summarization that I've spoken about in the past. And we're shaving off roughly a minute per call, that doesn't probably sound that exciting. But you think about a minute per call over time, and you think about how many calls we take broadly across ADP in a given year. The math lends itself to over time, tremendous efficiency, and again, hopefully a better experience, right? So I think the answer is all of it. We're solving for all of it.
Maria Black: Yes, thanks, Pete. I think that was a solid like three, four questions in one. So I will, I'll do my best to weave through it here. But as Don mentioned, we're on the ground in 40 countries. We do payroll across 140 countries, inclusive of our partner network. In terms of the final mile or the last mile, as you referenced, the first thing I would comment on is we've building that 50 years. So when I think about international and everything we've done over the course of decades to build that infrastructure, it's a tremendous lead is what I would suggest. And you see that in our international bookings results, right? So we had a nice first quarter in international. We accelerated that in the second quarter. We had an even better Q3. A lot of that is being driven by our multinational growth. So think about our Celergo offering, our GlobalView offering. These were especially strong for us in the third quarter. And I do believe it's the overall demand environment coupled with - on the ground strategy, if you will, if you will. And by the way, the international pipelines remain healthy. And we believe it's going to position us for a solid Q4, but also next year. In terms of, where we continue to expand. I mentioned it in my prepared remarks. Asia-Pac or APAC is something that, our Asia business has been relatively modest, but we see significant growth over time. Obviously, that growth is a direct byproduct of our clients demand growth, as it relates to the activities of our clients and where they're moving associates, and where they're moving business. So, we believe that continuing to lean into Asia-Pac is important for us. And so as a result of that, we kind of are continuing to lean in there. I think we mentioned last quarter, the acquisition of a company in the Nordics, specifically in Sweden. So that's an area that also is a high growth area from a client perspective. And so I think, our strategy over time has been as we get further into a country and we see the demand, at times we will fold in our partners. And you've seen that obviously in the Nordics, and you've seen that in many countries prior to that. But that ecosystem is vast across 140 countries. Its decades of building that final mile. It's a clear competitive differentiator in the market. You can feel see and it's really palpable on the heels of the last earnings call. I was actually over at our rethink event, which is where we bring together a few hundred of our very largest global MNC clients. And the spirit of how we're executing in that market is really palpable, when you hear it directly from our clients. And I believe it's a tremendous opportunity for us to continue to drive growth. So I think, I covered all of that, Pete.
Maria Black: Yes, of course. So next-gen payroll, for sure, our intent is to continue to drive next-gen payroll, across various international markets. We have it deployed in a few of our markets today. And that coupled with these offers that again have the lead of Celergo going GlobalView over time, will just further the growth narrative and the story over there. But that is absolutely the intention and the strategic direction of next-gen payroll.
Maria Black: Yes, absolutely. So the mid-market is a great segment for us. It's certainly not getting any easier to be an employer in the mid-market. It's littered with complexity and all sorts of challenges to navigate, just even if you look at the last 30 days, you can see legislation that mid-market employers are having to navigate. And so it's a strong market. It is a highly competitive space. That's not new. I think for - from a competitive landscape perspective, it's always been competitive. And I don't know that we've seen a noticeable changes in the competitive landscape. What we have seen is incredible distribution, execution, incredible satisfaction, execution on our end. We've made great investments into the product set. It's winning in the market. You marry that strategy with great execution on the seller side and great execution on the retention side. That, to me, is what's changing in the mid-market is that we've gotten stronger.
Maria Black: Everywhere. Candidly, listen, from a mid-market perspective, again, the demand is healthy. The competitive environment is competitive, and we continue to remain laser-focused on all of the competitors specifically. The ones that have been talking a lot about us over the last few years. And I think the way that we've been focused is really about the investments we've made, investments into a best-in-class product. Investments into focus on distribution investments into a digital transformation that's driving great client satisfaction. And so, that really has allowed us to have a winning story, as it relates to really all of the players.
Maria Black: Yes. Thank you, and thank you once again to everyone who joined us today, whether the full time or late. We always appreciate the questions, the interest, and we certainly look forward to speaking with all of you again soon, and look forward to the close of the year. Thanks.
Don McGuire: Yes, so a couple of things, Zack. Maria already mentioned that retention is in very good shape for us, so certainly that's been helping and contributing to the revenue growth. And of course what's changed since last time around which is making us even more comfortable with saying we're going to be towards the higher end of the range is that client funds interest impact is very good. So, I think those are the two primary drivers to why we're more confident that we're going to see revenue come in towards the higher end of the seven to eight than we perhaps worth 90 days ago.
Don McGuire: Yes, perhaps to add a little bit more color, I think we're very still very optimistic about growth opportunities beyond the U.S. or the North American market. So, Mark, I think we've talked before we're on the ground in 40 plus countries outside of the U.S. We're present in multiple segments in those markets as well. We've got some great things happening in Southeast Asia where we're rolling out a single platform across beginning in India but many countries surrounding India and the Southeast Asian market. We're excited, we often talk about the fact that we pay over a million people in India, every payroll, every payday. Price points are still a bit low, but we expect those things to work for us and work in our favor in the future. So, I think still lots and lots of opportunity for ADP from a growth perspective and certainly we don't worry about saturation being a limiter to our future.
Don McGuire: Yes, Scott, thanks for the question. I think it's still early. I think the intent here was to give some very early guidance on what '25 could look like. So, we still expect to see some improvements in margins. It's just, do we expect to see as much of an improvement given some of the GenAI pressures, expense pressures that we may see. Of course, CFI, at this point in time, depending what the yield curve does, once again things have changed a fair bit in the last 90 days, and if I was to, not that I have a crystal ball, but I don't think many folks right now are expecting anything to change from the rates perspective in the U.S. before September, so I think we're going to get some tailwinds from that. So, we're not really trying to signal here -- not signaling a decline in our margins, what we're signaling perhaps is perhaps a slower growth in the margins as we look into '25.
Don McGuire: Sure, so if I, you know, Maria talked a little bit about bookings, I think, so we've been, we were happy with our bookings. They softened a little bit in Q3, but we had a very, very strong Q2 on PEO bookings. We can move on kind of to the PPC growth. Back in Q1, it decelerated a little bit more than we anticipated, and a significant amount of that deceleration was attributed to the technology and professional services sector. And in Q2, that stabilized. So that was good for us. While there's still some headwinds in PPC, including from technology and service sectors, there were no surprises in Q3. So it's important to note that worksite employee growth accelerated, about 1% over Q2, despite the modest incremental pressure we had from PPC pressure. And so, and that, of course, is a function of the year-to-date booking success that we've had. So nothing really to call out. More stability, if you will, in PPC pressure than we've talked about previously.
Don McGuire: Yes, so the price increase this year was relatively well-received. We're in the 100, 150 basis point range. We're closer to the 150. So happy with where we're at. But back to Maria's comments, we're in the middle of our planning cycle right now, and we'll look very carefully at that whole value equation, making sure that we keep our retention up. Our NPS is supporting that, and we'll make sure that we're mindful and thoughtful about what we do with pricing going forward.
Don McGuire: Yes, Michael, thanks for the question. I think that, first of all, the price, there's no change in that. I think we've been calling that out for most of the year, certainly in the one to 150 range. So not much of an incremental impact, if you will, for Q4 and therefore for the year in total. So not a lot of change from that. Yes, I mean, bookings, we called out, we're still in the hunt for delivering on the range as we declared, so we're still in that so. But not really a lot to drive incremental revenue, other than some of the float, but as the year shortens or we have fewer months, days left in the year, the impact from higher CFI is going to be somewhat muted as we look to finish the year.
Don McGuire: Caroline, thanks for the question. I think it just comes - continues to come back to the same concepts, and that's making sure that we offer good value to our customers over a 10-plus year lifespan. So, we're always mindful of making sure that clients are getting good value, and that we keep those clients for a very, very long time. So it's that client life cycle of the total return on the entire life of a client. So, we're always very, very careful not to overstep on pricing. Having said that, we, of course, watch what the competition is doing. We have our ear to the ground. Our salespeople have their ear to the ground. We're trying to make sure and understand what's happening from the competition. So, we will continue to look at it. We'll continue to knock around some ideas, and some models and see what the impact could be. But I don't want to signal exactly what we think we're doing, because we're still, as I said earlier, in the midst of our planning cycle here. But we always look at it. We take price usually every year where we can, not including some of the contractual commitments we have with some of our larger clients, but just something we're very, very careful and cautious about doing shots a lot of color.
Don McGuire: Nothing to add then the value proposition is as strong as ever, and the fundamentals in the business are continue to be quite strong.
Don McGuire: Yes. Dan, just a couple of things, thinking about next year. We do think that it's early, so we didn't share too much, although we did say that the pace per control will continue to be under a little bit of pressure, given the fullness of the labor market. So that's kind of continuing story that we've been telling. We will continue some of our GenAI spending related spending, making the right investments for ADP. And of course, we're going to get some tailwind from interest rates. So I think those are the three primary things. And of course, we always remain very, very focused on bookings and our strong client retention and client experience. So, I think those would be the highlights for '25.
