Carlos A. Rodriguez: Thank you, Elena. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. For those of you joining who have been impacted by Hurricane Sandy, our thoughts are with you and we extend our best wishes for a speedy recovery. ADP's headquarters and many of our other operations were in the path of the storm. I'm proud to say that when I visited 4 of our major facilities in New Jersey on both Monday and Tuesday of this week, all were operational, running on emergency generator power and with committed and dedicated associates who continued to make good on our obligations to our clients and our employees. As all of you know, ADP pays 23 million people in the U.S. and 34 million people worldwide. And while the safety and security of our associates is our #1 priority, the last 3 days were another example of ADP's commitment to deliver. While there are obviously areas where courier deliveries are not yet possible, our associates worldwide are supporting each other, going above and beyond to make sure our clients and our employees don't have yet another challenge during difficult moments. [Technical Difficulty]
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Sure. We really -- in all of our core markets, we had good growth. It was particularly strong in national accounts, and there, we did have an easier comparison. In small business, we had also very good results, which are consistent with what we've been seeing for a while now. In major accounts, we had solid results there as well. So I think it's somewhat reflective of, I think, the underlying product portfolio still generating good traction in the marketplace and our sales organization still being excited about the new product offering. I want to caution you that the strong sales in national accounts, just keep in mind that there is relatively long lag between when a sale takes place in national accounts and when it actually starts. And I think the other caveat there is that although Vantage sales are quite positive in the last quarter, still relatively small in terms of total dollars on our sales number, as well as relatively small impact on revenue given the lag for those also large accounts to start. But overall, you're on the right issue, which is our sales results were quite positive. It's been a while since we've had 4 consecutive quarters of double-digit sales growth. And I couldn't be more pleased with that because that bodes well for our future revenue growth.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yes. We have -- we obviously have a number of competitors, and our differentiation with some of the pure-play cloud competitors is really our service capabilities. And I think we're still effectively differentiating ourselves with now a better technology solution, which is more user-friendly and has better -- we actually -- it's a unified database in terms of across modules, so it's really not even an integrated offering. So we're quite pleased with the technology backdrop, but we're also very happy that we continue to differentiate ourselves and win business in the marketplace based on our ability to deliver service in addition to the technology. In terms of the numbers, I don't know that it would be appropriate for us to give specific numbers, but I would just say that we were very pleased and I would say that the results in the quarter were quite good and in an accelerating path in terms of numbers of new business sales. I think the last call, we told you we had a dozen or less. I would say we have over 3x that now. And I think that's probably as much as we would like to say there, and we probably won't say much going forward either because we don't really break out our sales results by individual products.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Paul, I think that -- the concern I have is a concern I think everyone has, which is the uncertainty in the economy as a result of the election and then the so-called fiscal cliff. And so what we have seen historically is that when concerns emerge in the economy or when the economy actually starts to slow, our sales results do get negatively impacted if people throw off decisions or don't make decisions. As you just pointed out, through this last quarter, we have not seen any signs of that happening yet. But I think we are appropriately cautious because of, obviously, what's going on in terms of the fiscal situation and the uncertainty in the marketplace regarding tax policy and other items as well. But we are not seeing it yet in our sales results, and obviously, we will -- if and when we do see weakening, we would share that with all of you.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think the trend -- the number that I think is the most interesting for us besides the absolute sales results, is the attach rates in both national accounts and major accounts of multi-modules, because we are trying to become more of a full suite human capital management solutions company in addition to just selling payroll. And so one of the things that our new products are allowing us to do is to really provide solutions across HR, payroll, benefits, time and attendance in a kind of a seamless technology solution. But obviously, those are also sold separately, so it doesn't necessarily mean that people will buy all of those modules. But we are actually pleased with how many multi-modules are being purchased in both Workforce Now, which is our new solution in major accounts, and also in Vantage in national accounts. So those attach rates are much higher in percentage turns. In other words, the number of clients buying more than one solution at a time is much higher than it has been historically in both of those businesses. And that, obviously, drives higher revenue per client, and it's -- obviously creates an opportunity for us to further differentiate ourselves and create additional stickiness with the clients given that we have other aspects of the human capital management strategy that we're providing to them.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think that's fair because, for sure, that there is some sales efficiency that we gain, and we do have sales cost as a decent part of our overall cost structure, I think that providing service in a multi-module environment is different than when -- how we were doing it before. So we are kind of retooling and reequipping our folks to be able to deliver service in a seamless fashion. In other words, when a client calls in to ask a question, they can go to 1 team to be able to get the answers to their questions rather than having to go to 4 different departments or 4 different units within ADP. So that requires some investment up front, which is what we're doing now, to have kind of a seamless unified service experience in addition to our unified technology. But I think medium and longer term, I think both on the sales side and on the operating cost side, I do think that higher attach rates of multi-module and higher revenue per client should really generate improved margins for us.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think that there have been a number of transactions, as you know, so SuccessFactors and Taleo also were acquired by other providers. And so Kenexa is just kind of the latest in a number of consolidations taking place, and we've done a couple of acquisitions ourselves. We compete with Kenexa in our applicant tracking services business, as well as in some of our talent management businesses. But we don't anticipate a huge change, at least not in the short- and medium-term, and I guess we'll just have to wait and see. We don't -- we haven't seen really any major changes or disruptions to our sales force as a result of that transaction.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: The metric that really that we've disclosed and we talked about in the call this morning, is really what we call same-store pays per control, and the dollar impact on revenue for each 1 percentage point increase in pays per control is $20 million. So that gives you -- and that's pretty much close to 100% margins, goes straight to the bottom line. Even though there's some additional expense related to serving additional employees at client site, it's a very margin-rich type of revenue. So we disclose that, we track it very carefully. And again, our business is going to be obviously reflective of what's going on in the economy at large. But we, for example, have less exposure to public sector, which has been a very hard-hit sector when it comes to employment over the last 2 or 3 years. So our set of clients is slightly different from the overall economy but obviously, also overall reflective of the economy. But that 3% to 3.3% pays per control growth that we are now experiencing does help us. And it creates wind at our back, and it's clearly helping us to the tune of $20 million per 1 percentage point.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Actually, the follow through of the call from last quarter where we experienced a couple of losses in the fourth quarter in our national accounts base -- and I think we also had notifications of another couple of losses that actually affected our retention rate in the first quarter so I think we talked about it in our fourth quarter call -- I know it was a while ago, but we were aware of these losses. Losses in our national accounts base are lumpy, if that is a -- it's not a scientific term, but they do go up and down, and we have decent amount of visibility into the future regarding losses in our national accounts base. And given that, that was where we experienced the decline in the first quarter and given the visibility that we have, we're very confident on a go-forward basis that we can deliver our forecast. Obviously, if the economy would change or other things, external factors could impact that, but we had good retention in our other businesses outside of national accounts in the first quarter.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Wow, that's specific. We never got that question before. In the -- let's see. In the quarter, we had -- it was -- capital for the quarter was $32 million, $30-ish kind of million. And last year, for the full year, we had about $150 million. We expect to be slightly higher than that but not much, so kind of in that range. And I don't think we've gone into depreciation and amortization, but that doesn't change too much. Wouldn't expect it to change too much year-over-year.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Unfortunately, we're right at the -- in the tail-end of negotiations on that, so we can't. But I think we -- what we disclosed -- or I believe we were disclosing is that it's around $50 million in revenues -- in annualized revenues. So it's a relatively small business that I think it'll become clear that even though we entered the business with expectations, it doesn't really fit incredibly well into the existing portfolio. And that's the reason for the divestitures -- really just trying to focus in more on the HCM space.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, I'm going to have a lot more detail on that after next week. I'm actually spending a day with our PEO folks in TotalSource to get into a lot more detail. Right now, our sales are actually doing quite well in PEO. So because there's a lot of discussion about health care, I think that, that creates opportunities for our sales force, because inertia's a powerful force, and now everyone's thinking about what the impact of health care is going to be both in small companies and medium companies and also large companies. We believe that we have a unique value proposition in the PEO as being a "large employer" if you will, and providing health insurance to small companies on an aggregated group basis. And so we think we're going to still be able to maintain our differentiation and the competitive advantage. But also obviously watching all of the implementations and all the regulations, because even though legislation is passed and has been upheld by Supreme Court, there is a lot of rulemaking still going on in the background by various government agencies. And so we so far have not seen anything that leads us to believe that we're not going to be able to continue to be successful in the PEO space. And we also have a national accounts business that does benefit administration, including COBRA, FSA administration, health and wealth administration, open enrollment, et cetera. We believe that they're -- because, again, of all the uncertainty and all the questions and all the changes that we will have opportunity to help our clients. In other words, providing them solutions to get through the changes and deal with the changes and staying compliant. There's going to be a lot of compliance requirements as a result of all these legislative changes. And the solutions and products we have in national accounts, as well as ones we have in the PEO, are really designed to help clients navigate those waters and get through all of that regulation.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think that we believe, again, across our markets that we are gaining market share. When you look at the number of the client -- the actual client unit growth, we mentioned earlier that we're also getting higher revenue per client in both our Workforce Now and Vantage products, but when you look at our overall client count, it is growing faster than the overall market, which leads us to believe that we are gaining market share.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Not really, no news to report other than business as usual. We -- our price increases last year, I think, was in the same neighborhood of, I think, 1% net. And I think that market environment from a sales standpoint in terms of sales, I think discounting and other aspects of our pricing, I think remain pretty stable. We haven't heard anything different.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: That's a great question. Just to be clear, to start off, I want to say that our cloud-based solutions are full service as well. And I can tell you that after 60 or more years in business at ADP, we've done a lot of cannibalization in order to be here today. And so we plan -- have every intention to, over time, move our clients to our new solutions. And they are -- the new solutions are full service as well. We believe that pricing and margins are at least the same, if not better in our new solutions. We believe that we can sell more modules by being broader with an ACM solution in addition to just being payroll. So we don't see this cloud opportunity as a negative at all. We've been selling cloud solutions for almost a decade now, and we wrap service around them. We wrap tax filings, we wrap open enrollment call centers. We do a lot of things that are beyond just the pure technology. And that's really our differentiator, and it works very well for us. And we're going to continue to do that. And that absolutely is going to lead to cannibalization, and we don't see add that at all as a negative.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yes. And I tried to give you some of that color in my remarks. But as we look out at '14, and not from a guidance standpoint but just as a way to think about it, we still see it being less of a drag than it is this year. And because of the year-over-year compare, it's not -- it hasn't moved much from what we disclosed to you back in May.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Pays per control were slightly down and actually have been pretty consistent. So it's not dropping like a rock, it's been a little less than a -- a little better than 1% negative. So 0.7%, if you will, negative pays per control. I think it's been there for several months now.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Yes, in line with what we expected. Our sales have been soft, but, frankly, has also held up relatively well. So I'm quite proud of our sales organization there, in the face of what's, obviously, a very difficult situation. But we do have revenue growth -- positive revenue growth, it's kind of low single digits in Europe and -- purely just in Europe. But our overall international business, under the circumstance, is holding up quite well. We obviously are seeing -- or you're reading about slowdowns in some of the emerging markets, but our Brazilian business continues to grow very, very well. They've had very strong sales results. So I think, all in all, I'd have to say that we're quite pleased under the circumstances with what's happening in our international business, specifically in Europe.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Listen, it's a fair question. The headwinds we've had from interest rates have been, obviously, very prolonged, and it's getting really frustrating for a lot of us. But it's a significant headwind. I think it's important to note that we have significant margin expansion this quarter and this year when we strip out interest income. And we have to be careful about stripping it out, because it is part of our business. So we get that, but for you to understand what's going on in the underlying business segments and the health of the business, it is important to strip out. And when you do that, the businesses are performing quite well in having really good margin expansion. And we have a couple of those comparison issues in the first and second quarter that we talked about that also aren't helping from a comparison standpoint. But those will abate in the second half of the year, and it will be even more obvious that we're driving very, very strong underlying margin improvement in this business despite the headwinds from interest. It's way too early for us to say anything about next year, because we just don't have the -- this is not the appropriate time for us to be talking about what's going to happen in interest rates. We have to wait quite a while to really know exactly what has happened in terms of market interest rate to give you a clear guidance on how much that headwind will be next year. At this point today, as Chris just said, we do expect it to be less of a headwind in '14 than it was in '13. But it's way to early for us to be able to give you any kind of sense of how much we have to overcome and then what the underlying margin improvement will be. But we are exactly driving towards -- as rates bottom, returning to our kind of historic, if you will, margin improvement ability that we have.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Actually, I don't think -- I may have highlighted them as doing well in terms of sales results, but when we talk about client count, we talk about client counts across all of our segments. So when I talk about market share, I'm talking about total client count, which includes also our Small Business Services division. So all 3 of those combined are growing faster than the market, and we are gaining market share. I -- if I was speaking about any specific product, I -- that's unintentional.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: We continue to look at opportunities in the marketplace. I think that we have a pipeline of things that we're looking at. I think nothing different from what we've been communicating in the past, in terms of the things we're looking for, which are tuck-in acquisitions that fit into our existing businesses. We probably have a couple of opportunities to round out our HCM portfolio. But we're actually quite pleased today with what we have, and we're very focused, as you can tell, on just driving additional new business sales to our distribution system of what we are -- currently have in place. But there are still things out there that we are interested in that we are looking at.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Other than it was strong, that's another business in addition to national. It's actually more than -- more true in GlobalView than in national accounts because the business is quite lumpy. So when the sales come in, and how they compare to the previous year are -- I think, are important. But nevertheless, we're pleased. So we had a good quarter, we had good sales, but I don't know that we can say nothing more other than we had a good quarter. I wish there were some underlying trend that I could point to, but I think it's somewhat of the -- related to the nature of the business, which is the lumpiness.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, I mean, again I -- just to reiterate what we've already said, I think our pays per control was strong, and we're very pleased with that. Our retention results, when you peel behind -- peel back the onion, I think we're also -- we're satisfied because of what we saw in our small and midsized business segments and across some of our other businesses. Sales were strong. I think our revenue growth was in line with what we expected. So again, I know there's a lot of noise in the economy, and we have this fiscal cliff that we're all facing and a lot of uncertainty, but our ongoing fundamentals really held up and were in line with our expectations.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, remember, the -- from an impact standpoint, we're -- these are -- also, we're talking about comparisons. So I don't think anything's changed in terms of the seasonality of when losses take place in our international accounts business. So there's no change in terms of what we're seeing, in terms of behavior of clients or otherwise. I think that when you look at being at 91% -- I think we were close to 91% retention for the year last year, and also that was close to what the retention was the previous year, that -- those are -- the previous year was a historic high, and last year was 10 basis points off of that historic high. And so we clearly are planning and are working towards continuing improving our client retention, and we believe our new products and some of the things we're doing on the quality side should drive better retention. But when you get to these levels of retention, it does -- the laws of large numbers make it difficult, particularly in places like our Small Business segment, which by the way, has had good improvements there as well. But they have a natural amount of attrition, just because of companies going out of business and just dropping out of the system, because we count everything in our losses and in our client retention. And so having said that, that's maybe a long-winded way of saying that we are -- I'm very proud of the organization in terms of where we are, retention-wise, and we'll continue to push to try to get better. But it does get hard at the levels that we're at now.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Sure. I think in terms of the retention -- with retention rates, in national accounts, they do approach the mid-90s, which is quite impressive. And by the way, in GlobalView, it's in the high 90s. So we -- and you really -- when you think about that, those clients are staying, on average, 20 years with us, so it's quite impressive. As you go down in the major accounts, obviously, low 90s, and then, when you get into Small Business, low 80s. But those are all very broad numbers, obviously. We're talking about tens of basis points here as we measure the results. So you can just see just how easy it is to move the needle from one year or the other from quarter-to-quarter. But we're quite happy with the overall retention results. On the question about transitioning clients, we have not transitioned, I believe -- I think we may have 1 or 2 clients that we are piloting in terms of transition over to Vantage. But we are trying to use our implementation capacity to gain new share and to sell new business as much as possible. We are, obviously, now developing plans to be able to migrate clients as well, because we are getting demand, obviously, from our existing clients that they want to move over to our newest technologies. But we want to do that obviously in a thoughtful way, precisely because of this conversation. We don't want to negatively impact client retention. As an example, in our Workforce Now solutions, we have been transitioning clients over to our new Workforce Now solutions. And frankly, the retention rate of the clients that have been transitioned is actually higher than what the retention rate was of those clients before they -- when they were on their old -- the older platforms that we had. So I think that's a testament to our associates who are doing an excellent job of transitioning those clients in a positive way, so that they get all the positive things of the new platforms without any of the negative consequences that sometimes transitions bring with them. So I'm very optimistic that our transitions will actually help our retention in that hurdle.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I think it's in that range, around 4%. And I think that's what we are hoping to do for the year, 4% to 5%. I think what we're trying to get to is double-digit sales growth, and we're trying to get there half through headcount growth and half through productivity improvements. And again, the last year was remarkable in terms of the productivity improvement we had. And some of that continued into the first quarter. And I sure hope that continues into the future, because it's a huge leverage point for us from a margin standpoint.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Sure. PEO is relatively unique in the sense that our average client size -- I used to know this off the top of my head when I ran that business -- I think it's in the 20s. So that, I think, is reflective of a typically larger average-sized client than in a typical PEO. We do have clients that are under 10 but I can tell you that our sales policies and our sales training and our efforts are aimed at clients over 10. And it's been that way for over decades. So it's not as a result of the changes in health care. We just believe that once clients are under 10, the risk profiles from both the health care and the Workers' Compensation standpoint are not as attractive. So we naturally gravitate towards clients that are larger than 10 employees, but we do have, obviously, some clients that are under 10 employees. And so we're, obviously, watching that and monitoring, as I said earlier. And get a full deep reef next week, when I'm with the folks from TotalSource, just try to understand that better. But I think we're in a pretty good position just because of the types of clients that we sell to and the average type client that we have in the PEO. And I think you have another question, I apologize, I...
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, it's a great question, because I'm fond of saying that ADP has been really benefiting from government regulation and compliance requirements and that tailwind for decades. So each time new regulation come up -- again, as a full-service provider in addition to just providing the technology -- we help clients with compliance. It's part of what we sell. And so you look at our set of HCM system solutions today, the likes of COBRA, FSA, now we're going to have the same sorts of situation in health care, where in addition to just helping people manage operationally their benefits plans, they're going to be -- serious compliance requirements that you're going to need to have someone's help with. You're going to have to have a time and attendance system to track who's part time and who's not part time. You're going to have to send out eligibility notices, telling people when they're eligible for health care, otherwise you'll get fined. And so all these things are significant tailwind to us and creates significant opportunities for us to go out and take advantage of and exploit. And that's what we're in the process of doing, building solutions and capabilities to help our clients get through these new requirements.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: We've been -- every time we do our strategic plan, we visit this issue of how many people are using outsources versus how many people are doing in-house versus how many people use software. And there have been some changes depending on which market segment you look at with, for example, in-house declining, with software and outsourcing going up in small business. But in our larger space, the major accounts, the national accounts, those numbers have stayed relatively constant. So I think people do make a decision around whether or not they want to outsource, or they want to use software, or whether they want to be in-house. And they tend to stick with that. And so our job is, obviously, trying to convince people who are not outsourcing to become outsourcers but also to win as much market share in the space where people are willing to outsource. And we just haven't seen huge changes in those numbers over the last 5 to 10 years, other than in small business with some migration from do-it-yourself or in-house to using software and also using outsourcers.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: We have a very -- just for the record, we have a very robust and direct channel with banks and also with the CPAs. In fact, banks are very large part of our distribution. And we have do-it-yourself products that we provide to the banks which they private label, which -- with really us doing the processing in the background, which helps us take a lot of that segment of the market, that market share of the do-it-yourself providers. And so we actually have a couple of those relationships in the hopper right now, with banks that we're trying to provide them a do-it-yourself solution managed by us and provided by us as part of an overall solution to their small business clients. So I think we do compete in that space, but obviously, our strength is really in the outsourcing segment. But we do continue to look at that do-it-yourself market, and we, for now, have a tact at really using our bank partnerships.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Well, given the Intuit, I think -- is constantly thinking about our outsourcing market, we're constantly thinking about their do-it-yourself market. But having said that, when -- again, when we look of our strat plans and we look at the revenue per client that you generate on a do-it-yourself, pure software solution, a desktop or cloud, and you compare that to the revenue per client of an outsourced solution full service, it's really hard for us to really drive a lot of investment, a lot of attention to the do-it-yourself market, because we would have to sell really millions of additional clients to equate the same revenue that we get from selling in the outsourced market. So it's an attractive market, because it has a large number of units, the revenue per unit is quite low. But it's still obviously an opportunity, potentially to also upgrade and migrate clients upwards, so we're always looking at all those dynamics in that do-it-yourself market.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: Those are incredibly insightful questions. And so as we become more of a full-service HCM provider, we spend a lot of time talking about what we need to do to give our sales force the right tools to be able to help our clients identify what we can do to help them improve their business, as well as reduce their total cost of ownership. So I think we're investing more in sales. We've had a number of we call them kind of certifications, if you will. But basically, attempts to get people additional information, whether it's around benefits or talent management, or other parts of HCM. So we put them through training and then we give them tests and then we give them certifications, basically, a seal of approval that you now have the ability to go sell a broader suite of services beyond just the simple payroll. So we are investing more in sales training. I think your point about the clients is also very valid. The good news is even though our products are new, and we have multi-modules, they're much easier to use, they're much more intuitive than part of the improvements and upgrades in our products in all 3 segments, in the RUN, in the Workforce Now and in the Vantage. So I think more intuitive and easier-to-use products require less training and less support, frankly. So it doesn't mean that you don't have to have a change of management, and we are doing a lot of that, obviously, as we roll out new products. But I'm very confident that positives way outweigh the negatives in the transition to the new client -- I'm sorry, to the new products. So I appreciate -- I want to give Chris -- I know that a lot of you had long relationships and good relationships with Chris. So I think it's appropriate to give Chris a second maybe to give you some thoughts.
Carlos A. Rodriguez: I just want to thank Chris one more time. It's really been a remarkable 6 years when you think about going through the most difficult downturn that I'm sure any of us will ever see. And Chris' part in helping us navigate through that is greatly appreciated. I also want to acknowledge that Chris leaves us with an incredibly strong and talented finance organization which he's helped to build over the last several years, so we appreciate that. And just in closing, just want to reiterate again that we were very pleased with our first quarter results. As you can tell from the tone of our comments, I think our businesses are performing very well. Unfortunately, we continue to experience this headwind from interest rates, and there were some noise in the first and will be in the second quarter with some items. But I think the underlying trends in the business segments is quite positive. Chris just mentioned the dividend. We continue to be, I think, focused on being shareholder friendly both in terms of dividends and on share repurchases. And the last comment I'll make is we're going to continue to focus on growing the business and enhancing shareholder value. We look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. And again, to all of those who are impacted by the hurricane, our best wishes for a speedy recovery. Thank you, again, for joining us today.
Christopher R. Reidy: It will show up in the results eventually, but again, it has a lag because of maybe the size and the timing of implementation.
Christopher R. Reidy: Well, what we said was it would be breakeven in the next fiscal year, but we do expect to start to go positive in the second half of this fiscal year, but not positive for the full year this fiscal year.
Christopher R. Reidy: I would also just point out, Mark, that the first quarter is not a huge driver of attention for the year. And usually, our third quarter is what drives the full year a little bit more, with the -- end of calendar year change, et cetera. So it's right in line with expectations, and no surprises there. And as we said, we do expect it to tick up for the year.
Christopher R. Reidy: Thanks, Carlos. And I do want to start out by thanking you all for year well wishes. Really, very extremely proud of the accomplishments we've had here in the past 6 years. And I think you would all agree that the company is positioned better than ever to take advantages of the opportunities in front of it. I think we clearly articulated who we are as a company, and then we executed against that vision. We focused on our core businesses. We've emphasized top and bottom line growth, coupled with strong dividend payout ratio. I'll remind you that it was only 45% back in '07. So we've increased that steadily over the past 6 years. And we couple that with consistent, reliable share buybacks and acquisitions that enhanced our HCM offerings. I think we navigated the economic downturn extremely well. We said we'd continue to invest in product sales and service. And I think we delivered on that commitment. In this downturn and throughout this downturn, we introduced many great new products that we're now talking about, including RUN, Workforce Now and Vantage. And they're redefining the HCM market. Our investment in sales is clearly evident in our results, and our investments in services has had all-time highs and retention. So I think our clients have seen the benefits of these efforts. I know our competitors have noticed, and I think our investors and all of you have noticed as well. We've tried to increase the visibility that we provided all of you and the transparency that we have provided all of you and the details of our business. I know I'll miss the deep dives on the portfolio, on our laddering strategy and the impact of interest rates. And I'm sure you'll miss my deep dives. I'm sure Jan will go through those as well. As I've said, I think ADP's in the best position that it's ever been. Carlos has a year under his belt. So it feels like no better time to take on my next career challenge. I really appreciate ADP for giving me the first large public company CFO role, and it's been fun. So thanks very much.
