Gary Butler: Thank you Chris. We are now on slide 10. We are still a little cautious about the remainder of fiscal 2010 but with more visibility on our key metrics and easing comparisons expected over the next two quarters we are slightly improving our fiscal 2010 outlook.  For fiscal 2010 we now anticipate total ADP revenues will be flat to slightly down and we anticipate achieving the high end of our diluted EPS from continuing operations forecast to $2.34 to $2.39. This compares with $2.39 in fiscal 2009 and both years exclude favorable income tax items. The fiscal 2010 forecast also includes $14.8 million pre-tax or about $0.02 per share from the sixth distribution of the primary fund of the reserve fund that Chris mentioned earlier we received on January 29, 2010.   As is our normal process, no further share buybacks are reflected in the forecast though it is clearly our intent to continue to return excess cash to our shareholders again depending upon market conditions.  For our reportable segments we anticipate that ES, Employer Services revenues will decline about 1% which reflects a decline on pays for control of about 4% on average for the year and flat to down one percentage point in client revenue retention. We continue to anticipate that the year-over-year comparisons for pays for control will ease during the second half of fiscal 2009 when this very important metric declines significantly. We anticipate high single digit revenue growth in the PEO and we continue to expect a decline in Dealer Services revenues of roughly minus 3-6%.  As you heard me say earlier, we now anticipate slightly higher ES and PEO worldwide new business sales growth compared with our previous forecast for sales dollars to be flat to fiscal 2009. And we continue to anticipate no improvement in our segment pre-tax margins.  If you turn with me now to slide 11 I would like to leave you with some closing remarks before we open it up to your questions. While most economists believe that the US economy has bottomed we remain cautious, I believe appropriately so, about the near-term outlook. The remaining six months of 2010 will be challenging. The economy is recovering. It is a matter of timing and we are focused on the right things for the long-term including most importantly accelerating new business sales growth by investing now in our sales team and in the solutions our clients want and need to be successful in their businesses.  We are continuing to incrementally invest in Client Services which is critical to our continued success and to maintaining our market leadership position. Our business mode remains solidly intact with highly recurring revenues, client life cycles of just under 10 years and very strong cash flows. I remain committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders including ongoing share repurchases again depending upon market conditions.  You have heard me say previously and it is worth repeating now ADP is focused on the future and as a result is well positioned to leverage the inevitable recovery in the economy. Now I will turn it back to the operator and we would be delighted to take your questions. 
Gary Butler: We obviously don’t have access to small business credit applications or credit availability. I will tell you though that our small business sales force feels very good right now. People are buying again both in terms of new start ups as well as existing businesses. I think it wouldn’t surprise me to see more buoyancy in the job reports on the low end of the market place for both the BLS and the ADP numbers which will come out tomorrow.  Generally the environment on the small end has been both anecdotally as well as data wise much more positive for us over the last number of months. In fact, in terms of sales results they are the most favorable of all of the results we have. So again it feels pretty good. We are starting to see an abatement in terms of price concessions and out of businesses on the lost business side which also feels pretty good. In general I am pretty optimistic that we are at the bottom and starting to see the early stages of a recovery on the small end of the market. 
Gary Butler: Beginning the last 18 months to 2 years in the traditional ADP model we would be striving to grow new business bookings by 8-11% each and every year in order to grow the business long-term. In order to do that we would normally be hiring 6-7% increases in headcount and then push for new products and productivity improvement to get from the 6-7% headcount to 8-10% sales growth. So in essence we think it is time to turn back to the traditional model so as we look six months out towards fiscal 2011 we are going to basically start hiring now that 6-7% headcount growth so we have people in the territory, people in telesales trained and up to speed and hopefully generating new sales straight out of the box and we move into fiscal 2011 as opposed to waiting to 60 days out because we have better results and plans and we sense an improvement in the economy so we are basically trying to improve our distribution by staffing now.
Gary Butler: Tax credits would normally be the way that people would see incentives. If you go back historically it is either R&D kind of credits or job tax credits. There are already existing job tax credits out there and from what I have read best case is you add 1-2 million jobs through these tax credits so you are talking about 1%. So if I lose a few tax credits on 1% growth in payroll that would be a good problem to have. So I am all for it. I would love to see them bring it on as fast as they can bring it. 
Gary Butler: I think a way for you to think about that would be historically again take out the last two years, payroll and payroll tax combined have grown kind of mid single digits. That is driven by 2% payroll growth, driven by 5-6% wage growth and tax growth that comes in that. It is driven by 8-10% sales growth in terms of new business. Bookings, it was I guess in fiscal 2006 and 2007 we were growing that number in the mid single digits. It was even higher in some quarters. So it would certainly be our objective to get back to that and with that you need growth in pays, you need growth in balances both of which will happen in time and you need growth in new business sales which is what we are trying to ramp up more now. Then you need an abatement of losses particularly in the low end of the market where we have seen the pressure on payroll and tax sales.  I think it is going to come and get back to those levels. It is just going to take a period of time for us to get there. 
Gary Butler: First of all, we had a good year operationally which always feels good. That is even better than last year. We had minimal price increases this year so we had less pressure from those kinds of issues. It is really too hard to forecast because the losses really occur in January and early February and some businesses look better than last year and a couple of businesses don’t look quite as good. In the aggregate we think we are in pretty good shape in terms of our forecast. We hope that it is even better than what we forecast but we think it is appropriate to be conservative at this juncture until we get the real data. 
Gary Butler: Pay cards are continuing to grow. I think to date I don’t know the number exactly but we have well under one million pay cards in total. 
Gary Butler: So call it a million give or take. The economics are actually better on pay cards because unless somebody totally cashes out their payroll check the first time they get the pay card which generally isn’t the case for people that are active users of pay cards, we actually get the benefit of the float over the course of the time they spend the entire net payroll. Plus we get transaction fees after the initial 1-2 transactions. So we would be happy to see growth in pay cards and it is continuing to grow. It is just not a buoyant kind of growth. It is a steady growth going forward. 
Gary Butler: In terms of the sales force you are talking 300-400 people is a good way to think about it kind of spread across the different market segments. We obviously are trying to push growth in the mid and high end as well. Not just adding feet on the street for small business because that is where the bigger productivity gains we have and we have longer client life cycles than we did at the high end of the market. Surely, pays for control is the highest margin we have that balances. So to the extent balance is improved and pays for control go down less, because we did budget for pays for control to shrink in the area of 5-6% so to the extent it is 4% that is certainly a positive benefit. It is certainly high margin.  We would love to see…it is too early to tell because we don’t know about bonuses. We don’t know about exactly what the SUI impact of state unemployment rates but certainly with unemployment levels at the levels they are it is going to drive all the states to ratchet up state unemployment rates in order to keep people in unemployment both in higher numbers and for longer periods. All of those are good. At a personal level I hope they don’t raise taxes in Washington but I think that is a fat chance so it is probably going to happen. Over time that will certainly help as well. 
Gary Butler: Most of my data is anecdotal as opposed to reported so I can’t really help you in quantifying it. Certainly from a sales force standpoint we are seeing both an abatement in the base of pricing in the base as well as in new sales. As I mentioned in my earlier comments particularly on the low end of the market where we have seen the most pricing pressure that is where our sales results actually at this point are most favorable in the PEO and SBS. So we are feeling pretty good. We are kind of through the cycle and back on the way up. 
Gary Butler: In terms of the cost side of that we have been pretty aggressive the last 12-15 months with both our span and level exercise where we took out $80-90 million worth of primarily middle management overhead and last year we also deferred merit increases for the year. So that is a pretty big number as well. So, I don’t see as we look at 2011 a lot of big structural kinds of cost reductions as we go into fiscal 2011. That being said, we are continuing to invest pretty heavily in our new product platform for Run and the SBS environment.  We have it rolled out now to about 80% of the sales force. The early results from work force now are pretty darned good in the second quarter and we are expecting them to get even better. We are working on some new acquisitions that will expand our product portfolio including the accounts payable acquisition we just announced in the last 30 days. So all of those things I think are going to put us in good shape for sales next year. On top of that you have the sales force expansion that I talked about. We will take you through a pretty detailed outlook on our product platforms and how that is going to affect us in the future at the February Analyst meeting so we are looking forward to sharing those with you. 
Gary Butler: Coincidentally I just returned from our meeting of the minds which is our March global clients as well as our global prospects. I couldn’t have been more pleased with the both the quality of the people there in terms of level of interest as well as the best selling environment for prospects is to have them talk to clients. In general our implementation and service results are pretty good. Our results in global view for the first six months were terrific on percentage uplift in terms of bookings.  You have to remember that compares to the place practically shut down in terms of new sales for a period of time during the middle of fiscal 2009. So they are back to the kind of levels we were tracking towards before all of this started. I don’t think we are going to hit break even in 2011 but I do think we will do it in 2012. But we will make a lot of progress in 2011 as both the revenue grows and our need for continuing investments in infrastructure abate, the two of those together will drive us towards the break even as we get into 2012. 
Gary Butler: I think we are executing well. When we downsized the sales force we obviously kept the good guys. Tried not to keep the nonperformers. So the cadre is more senior and more prepared. So I think we are executing better. I think our product platform is terrific right now. This new run platform with real time payroll and all of the advantages it has and it demos terrific. Our guys are getting a lot of lift from that. All that being said I think the marketplace is starting to cook again and that wasn’t the case six months ago. 
Gary Butler: No real meaningful change. We will uplift our telesales efforts again this year. A little higher percentage than our feet on the street. But in general call it we are going to raise telesales by 10-15% and we are going to grow feet on the street by 5-6% is a good way to think about it. 
Gary Butler: I think that is a good way to think about it. In terms of an objective that would be our long-term objective. Next year shouldn’t be any different than our basic business model. I think we are through it and we are starting to come up the other side of the valley. The quicker and the most important thing to getting back to growth again is accelerating our sales growth. So we are just trying to get out in front of it and I think you are going to see improving sales results in the second half so we are ramping up accordingly to get ready for next year. 
Gary Butler: Well to one of the earlier questions, our forecast on EPS has come up so obviously whether it is balances or pays for control or losses abating in the quarter. The financial outlook for the year is improving. So we don’t want to repeat the mistakes of 2002 and 2003 and not invest in our distribution and service capability and in fact we are picking it up in the last six months of the year to get us in a better spot in the long-term as opposed to worrying about having a great fourth quarter as opposed to investing for the five-year view. 
Gary Butler: I think it is really too early to make that call at this point. There certainly would be pressures that you wouldn’t normally see when you have got organic revenue growth of 8-9% which would not happen next year. So I think it will be more difficult to do that in the year ahead. Again we have to be careful here because I don’t want to make forecasts for fiscal 2011. It certainly will be better than it was this year but maybe not as good traditionally as what we have enjoyed. 
Gary Butler: Good question. I would like to see retention rates start to improve and less pressure on the price side because I think our service levels are in good shape. Clearly as you roll out new products your ability to increase prices also goes up. If we get back into an environment of where pays per control is growing as opposed to shrinking then I think you are back into the realm of being able to look at the 1-2% range as opposed to a 0.5-1% range. I don’t really ever see us pushing the envelope beyond like a 1.5% to 2% price increase in the aggregate.  Obviously you increase newer clients more because in many cases they may have gotten a slight discount as part of an incentive to come with ADP. So I think it is going to be relatively tough next year and more return to the status quo as we talked about in 2012. 
Gary Butler: It is too early. We had a very strong sales result for the first half so instinctively I would say yes but I don’t have any digital data to tell you exactly what that is. 
Gary Butler: I am not sure that you can compare this cycle to any of the cycles before. I do think in the last cycle national accounts turned around quicker. It certainly was the first one this time to be affected. If you think back to it must be two years ago now that is where we first started to see the pressure on sales show up. But this is a very different downturn and both on the finance side, the banking side as well as on the Main Street side. I think CFOs like myself at national account type businesses are waiting to see where things are going. They are beginning to talk about possible investments that you would make an investment to get savings going forward but it is still very cautious. 
Gary Butler: Our acquisition pipeline is more healthy today than it was certainly a year ago. We have made more acquisitions, mostly small acquisitions, in the first six months. Some were not material and were not announced and we are working on a number of other ones including some in Dealer Services that make sense. Actually pricing in Dealer Services because of pricing in the industry is actually a little bit better particularly internationally.  So I feel very much encouraged by the acquisition environment. Again I don’t want to give anybody the impression we are doing big deals but in terms of product extensions and geographic expansion we are continuing to see good acquisition flow. 
Gary Butler: Basically what we are putting in place is what we internally call the CFO suite. It is basically those services that affect the financial decision maker. So they would include standalone tax, wage garnishment, sales tax and accounts payable. We were missing the accounts payable. If you go back two years ago we had an arrangement with a company called Harbor Payments which was acquired by another entity which changed their strategic direction and we had to basically retrench.  We still think it is a big category potentially for us. So we bought a company that we have been in discussion with for about 6-9 months and we are in the process of expanding out the sales force and so we will go to market after the CFO controllers and tax people in larger organizations to try to sell those four products into the mix. So accounts payable is a good extension of what we already do. It involves money movement and enjoys check printing. It enjoys control and the kinds of things we do well from a transaction processing standpoint. Typically at the decision maker we already have a very strong relationship with. So we think it is a natural extension. It is not huge at this juncture but we do think longer term it has pretty good potential. 
Gary Butler: I am not really prepared today to talk about that. If you put those four together it is obviously multiple hundreds of millions of dollars of opportunity for us over a planning period. Probably a good idea if we have others interested in it is maybe we make some general comments about it at the Analyst meeting in February to try and size it for you because with the accounts payable acquisition we are now in control of our own destiny so we are in a better position to speak with a clear direction there. So we will try to give you some clarity at the upcoming meeting. 
Gary Butler: Global view is more of a global product. We are certainly seeing better results in Europe. Sales internationally are in Europe or I guess internationally were slightly down in the second quarter although they were very positive in the first quarter and year-to-date we are positive. We are continuing to add headcount there. We are continuing to expand our China acquisitions. So in general I think our position is improving there. Europe is obviously a little bit behind the economic issues that we have seen in the US but fortunately they are not as deep as what we saw in the US so we think we are not quite at the bottom there yet but we should come out of that in fiscal 2011. So in general it is positive and actually growing at a faster rate than the US business. 
Gary Butler: That is typically what has happened historically and that is exactly what we are seeing today. I think that is a good sign of things to come. Actually if you look year-to-date we have positive sales growth without national accounts during the first six months. I expect over the next six months that trend will convert over to national accounts as well. National accounts is also somewhat challenged from a standpoint of you have previously booked business that due to the economic conditions was deferred so you have some netting if I could use that term of business from prior periods that is coming down which will again start up.  Again, I think we are going to pass through that point in time sometime over the next six months and as we look forward into fiscal 2011 I think we are going to be back on positive growth in all segments. 
Gary Butler: If you add everybody in for every dealer we lose we are adding three. Clearly we are winning more in the mid and up market where our historical competitor would be and for those buyers that are focused more just on price we are losing slightly more than we are winning in the low end of the market. 
Gary Butler: We appreciate everybody joining us together. I think you can tell by the tone of the conversation today we are certainly more positive than we were three or six months ago. I am particularly pleased to see the lessening on the retention or the 0.1% decline we saw in the quarter. I am particularly pleased with the progress we are making on the sales front. I am particularly pleased with the progress we are making on the new product services on our new platform that is helping us. I think that has been reflected in our somewhat improved forecast for the year. I think we are in good shape and we are basically trying to get ready for fiscal 2011 so we can get the ship back on the normal course as we put this recession behind us. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to seeing all of you in February. 
Chris Reidy: The couple that surprised us was pays was a little bit better than expected and that is reflected in us taking that down from our previous guidance. So it is down now to about a 4% decline over the year. We still have a lot of ground to cover in the second half where we would hope to see the year-over-year situation improve but based on what we have seen in the first half that was better than we expected. I think as Gary went into in his remarks, the sales were a little bit better particularly in certain parts of our business. He mentioned the small business area where we had headcount reductions last year and still grew in sales. So that was a little bit better and is reflected on us bringing up the guidance of flat to slightly up compared to our previous guidance. 
Chris Reidy: It certainly becomes an easier compare in the second half of this year so we are hoping that 7% is the bottom and so the compare gets easier. We are not in a position to talk beyond this year in any specificity but the second half of this year clearly the compare gets better. 
Chris Reidy: We really won’t know particularly on retention. That really is a January and into February kind of thing and we are right in the middle of that now. So our best assumption is holding that retention number of down to up to 100 basis points at this point.  
Chris Reidy: I think obviously a number of things go into driving the margins and one of them is the impact of the actions we are talking about taking in terms of ramping up sales. As sales improve you have the commissions on the sales so clearly those are the two pressures we would expect to see for the next period of time. Which is a good pressure to have as Gary mentioned. A lot of the actions that you take have been taken already with the restructuring we took last year was an anticipation of the kind of pressure we would expect to see.  When you think about retention down 100 basis points, we have given that metric before. That $50 million of revenue is 100 basis points and for every percentage of pays it is $20 million. So we are talking about down 4% for the year. So $50 million on the retention, $80 million on the pays, that is a lot of rich revenue that puts pressure on your bottom. So that is why we took the restructuring charges we took last year and took the reductions we did. We tried to do that in areas that didn’t warrant client facing, in the sales areas and in service we are continuing to invest. So as you think about the investments for the second half of this year it is the ramping of sales headcount. It is hopefully improvements in sales and the impact that has on the sales incentives as well as continued investments in service and implementation as you get ready for those new sales.  So we continue to have very tight expense controls throughout. We have taken the actions and when you put all that together that is what we come up with no improvement in margins. You can see the margin performance to date has been okay. Not our normal 50 basis point up year-over-year but it is all those things we are trying to balance while still investing in the future and be ready for the growth when the economy does turn around. 
Chris Reidy: I would say you are thinking about it right. The only nuance is I think as you start seeing the performance in the small business area and some positive signs of sales I would like to think we would add sales headcount growth regardless even if we didn’t have the cover of the pays going down because it is the right thing to do long-term. The fact the pays are going down the two of them do net out to have about the same impact on the bottom as we had planned. 
Chris Reidy: I would say the timing of this is it is too early to tell in January just yet but what we have seen doesn’t lead us to anything other than what we had expected. Nothing to the real positive and nothing to the real negative so it is coming in about where we had expected in our original planning. 
Chris Reidy: I would just add on the cost structure I think we have to look back at what has happened over the last year. As I mentioned before the impact of retention and pays as I quantified before of around $130 million if it hits those ranges, then when you think about the chart I showed on interest on client funds down $65-70 million this year and then if you think about the dealer business for example and what they are going through and the drag that has been on NOI is another 50-60 that is a lot of hurdles to overcome this year.  That is why we took the actions we did last year with the restructuring to get us back to the kinds of margins and flattish kind of EPS that we are now guiding to. So those are big actions. I think before that we were doing a lot to take cost out of the cost structure including the off-shoring and the data center consolidation which is ongoing and continuing but we have been able to do a lot on the cost side just to get to the point where we are at now and we will continue to do that. 
Chris Reidy: We kind of have raised them.  James Kissane – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I mean to go above the $2.39. 
Chris Reidy: Well we have been at the $2.34 to $2.39. Clearly with the pays coming down that helps us. The reserve fund obviously helps us as well but we do see the need and desire to invest. I don’t think we are any different than some of our clients that held back a little bit. We continued to invest in service and the product but we would like to ramp that even more to really prepare ourselves for future growth. We continue to expect to do that. James Kissane – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: It just seems like everyone is trying to quantify it and you guys are sort of dodging it. It does seem like your margins would be up instead of flat. 
Chris Reidy: You will see at the February 18th meeting we will talk more about run and work force now. Those are two exciting products for us that are well positioned as the market returns. Both of those are areas that we have invested in the past and it looks like they are poised to really capture market growth going forward. 
Chris Reidy: A couple of things. One is what you have actually seen us take down our guidance on the performance issue on rates because we tie into the yields curve and we give you those specifics. I am going to go through this in more depth at the February 18th meeting and even give you a glimpse of what we think about next year. The yield curve is staying pretty flat. It is not moving very much. Everything you hear from the Fed is that is going to be the case for awhile. I think that actually shows the benefit of the strategy we are on.  There will be a drag next year no doubt about it based on the strategy and the reinvestment of 20% of the portfolio. I think we are sitting here today with 3+% or 3.7% kind of interest on client funds. Compared to what the rate of the market is right now and that is really pretty good. It really takes the volatility out. We think for the long-term investor that is a very good thing and that is what we hear from our longer term investors that they like the fact we took that volatility out. That is not to say you can’t tweak that strategy a little bit going forward when you see rates starting to go up but only in a small way. We like the ladder strategy and we like the result it is having. I don’t see us changing from that. 
Chris Reidy: It was definitely up in the first quarter over the fourth quarter. The second quarter was definitely up over the first quarter. I think it went up like over 200,000. 
Chris Reidy: I think that is a little premature. We never give that kind of guidance this early and we understand your need coming out of this downturn but we are right in the middle of our…we are beginning our operating plans process and are right in the middle of the [strat plan] process. We will give you some more on February 18th around the impact of interest because that is kind of mechanical to a certain extent. But you are going to have to be patient until later this year as we close the fourth quarter and give the guidance as we close the year. 
Chris Reidy: I think the ones that are most unclear to us in terms of metric is the client retention which we talked about. It was up to 100 basis points. It is a pretty wide range but it is always going to be third quarter driven and there is nothing we see now that would take us off that. It looks like it is so far consistent with what we expected. I think client fund balances same kind of thing. We have seen through the mid-point this year our year-to-date better than we expected but bonuses are going to be…that will have a big impact on what the actual growth is.  Right now bonuses might be higher but it may not be in cash. It might be in options or restricted stock or that kind of thing. So between the two of those that is where the uncertainty is right now and I guess you could see where there could be some upside but it is too early to tell right now. 
Chris Reidy: You should know we don’t guide by segment but your comments are pretty much consistent with what we had said. We are still seeing the challenges in the national account space. We have seen evidence of improvement in SBS, small business and majors and we have positive indications of the pipeline on the global view as Gary talked about in the meetings we had just last week internationally. So I think that is what you would expect to see in the second half of this year. 
Chris Reidy: I think so. You would like to see national accounts starting to come back and you would hope our clients are beginning to look at investing but so far that hasn’t translated into increased sales yet and we would hope to see that going forward. 
Chris Reidy: The experience we did have with Harper, as Gary mentioned, showed us that we can sell it and that our clients are interested in that suite. So the key going forward is to ramp that up and match it with taxpayer services and tax ware and address that part of the market. The good news is we did have the experience and we know that our clients are interested in that product and we saw that with [inaudible]. 
Chris Reidy: I think as I said earlier the key drags that we have experienced are in pays for control, retention, the challenges we are seeing in the dealer business as well as in the interest on client funds. So those as they hit us hard this year you will hear on interest on client funds that will continue as well into next year. I will go through that on the February 18th Analyst meeting and you can think about retention and pays yourself. Even if pays just levels off at least you don’t have that drag.  The whole key to this business is the scaling that we have in our core payroll business and getting the sales going again. If you are adding sales at that kind of rate that we are striving for and they are a rich component of core payroll that is where you get the margin improvement. So long-term we believe this business drives 50 basis points of margin improvement but in the short-term the challenges are growing the business, investing in the business, adding the headcount and getting that sales going and when you do that you have the sales incentives that are hitting you hard.  So there is a period of challenge between getting back to the normal run rate of the 50 basis points. 
