Joseph Hinrichs: Hi, John. Thanks for the question. So, if you look at it, the simple answer to your question is, I wouldn’t say there’s anything dramatically changed in the environment at an industry level. Let me explain to you what’s going on. For example in the third quarter, Ford’s incentive increase year-over-year was slightly lower than what the industry average was for the U.S. market in the third quarter.  What’s happening in the second half of the year, our incentives overall are slightly higher than we’d expected versus our plan for the year. That’s largely driven by a couple of products. If you look at Ranger launch this year, it’s gone very well. We had a – we’ve been regaining share every month this year, and we had 18% segment share in September.  But as you could expect the competitors haven’t let us just grow that share without any fight, so we’ve seen a little bit higher incentives on Ranger than we had expected given the launch of the vehicle this year, still very optimistic about the product. It won APEAL, won IQS for JD Power, but the incentive spend on that product has been a little higher than we’re expecting in the second half of the year.  If you look at what happened in the summer months, our competition on F-series was very aggressive; and so in September, we took some actions. We saw our segment share in F-150 come back up in September, and so we had to take some actions there. And Edge is in a very competitive segment, a little more competitive this year than we had planned for the year.  So, that’s kind of where you look at it, but in general that’s more us versus our plan for the second half of the year. But I was referring to the U.S. industry in the third quarter as a reference point. Incentives are still pretty much under control and the industry is behaving in a pretty rational way so far. 
Joseph Hinrichs: Yes, thanks, Jim. Thanks, John. So, really an important launch for us clearly, just to step back for a second, just so far this year, we launched the Ranger, all new in North America, very successful launch. Very unusual that it wins in its segment in IQS in the first year of introduction. Just launched Escape and Corsair down at Louisville, and that launch has gone very. It’s gone and we are ahead of plan actually on that launch.  So the Explorer, Aviator launch is a very unique situation. As Jim said, we are disappointed in our overall performance in the ramp up of the volume. The products themselves are wonderful. The Aviator is a fabulous product. About half the sales of Explorer so far are FZ and Platinum, and if you haven’t driven an FZ, really challenge you do so. It’s a lot of fun and..
Joseph Hinrichs: Yes, so, you are right. So – but back to the launch, so, Chicago is our oldest plant. It was launched in 1924. It's very constrained as far as physical location and as far as land and area around the plant. Simply put, we took on too much. We signed up for too much at launch. We tried to launch on 3 crew, which we didn’t even try to do when we launched the Aluminum F-150 back in 2014. We launched the Aviator and Explorer both at the same time. We had the high reversion of Explorer. We had the Police Interceptor. We had Black Label Aviators. We had all this content and simply put with the new - with the product going from front-wheel drive to rear-wheel architecture, all new assembly line, all new body shop, all those things at once we took on too much and we shouldn’t have it.  And so, part of the lessons learned is obviously go back to how we manage these launches and sequence them in a way that gives the team a chance to be successful. Our wholesales were down in the third quarter about 19,000 Explorers year-over-year. And we also had an additional 6,000 aviators that weren’t in the year previous year.  And so, we feel really good about the fourth quarter. The last week or so, we’ve been running about 59 JPH. We are actually running out of parts from our suppliers as we’ve started to ramp up. We used to run at 60 JPH. So we are just about where we have been historically in that plant, plus we have the Show Center, the new additional line coming online starting about 6 JPH by the end of the month.  So, we actually feel really good about where we are right now. It’s been a lot of work and a lot to get here. The products look great. We have plenty of available inventory now in the dealers and we are excited about where they are going to go from here. 
Joseph Hinrichs: And for the rest of the launches, John, Super Duty launch looks good this year. Transit launch looks good this year. Puma in Europe looks good. We had a lot of work to do for next year's launches, but I feel good about where we are for the rest of the year. 
Joseph Hinrichs: Yes, Rod, thanks. So, as you look at it, the bulk of the warranty cost increases are in North America. It’s 2018 model year and before that are the model years where we’ve seen an increase in the higher time in service warranty claims than we had accrued for and have been planning for. That’s largely driven by some power train actions.  Some of those suppliers some of them are own, as Jim suggested, we’ve done a lot of rework on our product development process to make sure we’ve learned from this. But we have to get this bubble work into our system that we are seeing is here. We are seeing really good progress in our 2019 model year vehicles at the same point in time including six months, nine months in service, those kind of things.  So, we feel really good about the progress we are making. But we have this 2018 model year and a few years before that and working its way through the system. The way our process works, of course, we accrue the forward models based on the experience we’ve been having.  And so, it takes a little while for that to work its way through the system. But that’s what you are seeing. It is largely in North America from that perspective and that’s what you see.  On U.S. incentives, I just want to go back to what I was saying before, first of all, we haven’t seen a markedly different approach by any of our competitors in the marketplace recently. We will watch that very carefully of course. F-150 transaction prices are $3000 higher than the all new Ram and Silverado even though our truck is couple years older.  But we are watching, as I said, there are couple of segments where we saw some changes in the dynamics that we didn’t plan for in the second half Ranger and Edge were two of them I was referring to. But I also said that, that we saw in the third quarter and we’ve also seen in October so far that market has been pretty disciplined to your point and we are watching that very carefully.  But a little bit of the – the bulk of the guidance change is really warranty-related, just want to be clear. Some of these other issues are also important, but the warranty that we are seeing that we have to address some 2018 model year and before is really the majority of what changed in North America. 
Joseph Hinrichs: Yes, on the international markets, Rod, we’ve seen progress obviously this year in Europe and in China. I think the European team is really making a lot of progress on redesign work that’s been in place now for quite some time.  I feel good about the progress we're making. South America, still in some pressure from what’s going on in Argentina, but the South America business continues to make improvements as well in their restructuring. So both Europe and South America are really well on plan where we want them to be on the redesign efforts.  On China, our sales have not come up as fast as we were expecting them to in the second half of this year. Part of that’s industry, but part of that’s our own performance. We are really seeing the dealer network starting to really grow their sales force, their profitability is returning, so - and our inventory is in really good shape.  So we are watching that very carefully. I think the one to watch is, what’s the China industry and how well do we do with our new models that we are launching in the third quarter, like the Focus Active, the Edge ST and ST line, the Taurus, the Territory EV and number of our products coming. We need to show growth in our China volume.  So, the volumes are down as you suggested. Part of that’s intentional with some of the product changes we made, choices we made in Europe to gather some of that volumes and with the downsizing we are doing in Europe, we gather focus and – I am sorry, in South America, got our focus in Fiesta production.  That's by design. But I think hopefully, you’ll see from here forward, we can grow the business in China with the products we have and you will see continued improvements in the European business. 
Joseph Hinrichs: Sure, so, Joe let me just be clear. We shipped about, through the end of the third quarter, it’s just the data I am referring to, we shipped about 96,000 units. We had about 9500 as inventory. Most of those were in Chicago. There is a couple of thousand still in Flat Rock. Just a reminder, there is no physical space around the Chicago assembly plant.  So, when we have any issue, there is no place to put the vehicle. And if you ever been in the south side Chicago, you know there is no physical space. But some of the reports have been overly dramatized. We've used the Flat Rock for many launches, because we - you do this in the past because Flat Rock right now is working on one shift. It has plenty of capacity. It has lot of skilled depot.  It has a rail yard nearby and when you are doing software updates or even if you are doing some physical repairs to the vehicle or doing some inspection, having skilled depot and having floor space and space in the yard to be able to do that is much more important to be able to do that with a good quality than trying to force it, moving vehicles around, because you have no physical space.  And so, we think we’ll have all the inventory cleared up by the end of November. And we feel really good about that. We have plenty of inventory out in the field now for both Explorers and Aviators and the dealerships. A lot of that came on pretty quickly admittedly in the September and October, we’ve been shipping.  Actually, in the last week, we've shipped a little more than we actually built, because we are actually starting to clear out some of those units. So we are shipping what we are building right now and we feel really good about the flow of that going forward. But we just don’t – we don’t talk about it, but we’ve leveraged Flat Rock a number of times over the last five or six years on launches.  But unfortunately, the lost production that we had in the slower ramp up than we expected in Chicago led us people wanting to report on other things as well. So, our first and foremost approach, of course is attack the customers and keep them, yes, keep them well protected.  And I want to be clear about on your question, we don’t recognize the vehicles as wholesale and in our revenue stream until they are released with good quality and saleable to the dealer and to the customer. So, all those vehicles that I am telling you that are still on hold, they are not wholesaled. We don't wholesale until we are - they're gate released with the quality to be able to be sold.
Joseph Hinrichs: Yes. It's a very fair question, Adam. I recognize our consolidated operations in China are complicated, because we have the Lincoln imported products that, some of the Ford imported products. We also have the cost structure of Ford-owned entities and employees in China and then we have our allocations from the corporation and from engineering, et cetera, are in the consolidated numbers.  So it's a compilation of a lot of things. Suffice to say, we don't believe in exporting vehicles at a contribution margin loss, as long as we don't have a spike in import duties that are a near-term issue. The solution to this largely is around localization plans for our business in China. We've been very public about, we have five more vehicles being planned to be locally assembled in the near term.  That includes the Lincoln Corsair and the Ford Explorer. So a number of products are going to be localized over the next year, year-and-a-half, which will really influence this. It will help us be more competitive cost-wise in the business in China, but also will take away some of the exposure we've had, just some of the fluctuations in tariffs.  So, we feel good about that plan. As you know and you noted, the Lincoln plan has been an import plan until now, when we started localizing Lincoln Corsair and then more to come from there, which will really help with this. So they're contribution margin positive. There is a lot of costs in the consolidated business. But this will largely get taken care of by the localization plans we have going forward. Thanks.
Joseph Hinrichs: Yes, Adam. Thanks. There is a lot there. So, when Jim Farley announced, I think it was now a little more than a year-and-a-half ago about $11 billion commitment to electrification, we were all in on all parts of this discussion. Yes, we see significant growth in our hybrid business over the next five years and part of that is, we think that where consumers are today and where costs are today, that makes a lot of sense for the economic choice of the consumer.  As you know, we're taking a portfolio approach to this. It isn't just about hybrids or plug-in hybrids, it also about electric vehicles starting with a very exciting vehicle next year and the other ones are coming after that. So I think you are talking about a transition period. We think that hybrids will continue to be part of the equation for a number of years to come.  But our BEV portfolio will grow substantially over the course of time and we think that ultimately is where this largely goes. But we do see a role for hybrids in the portfolio. Remember, we get questions all the time about, with the movement of sedans largely out of the North American portfolio, what happens if gas prices spike? Well, again, our portfolio approach, which we've been consistent all along, our new SUVs all have some kind of electrification as part of each nameplate we're launching, so that we can offer solutions to customers, if we should see a spike in fuel prices or other things.  So there is a number of reasons why it's important to us. But we are bullish on bad electric vehicles. We think it will be toward the end of the decade that will be a significant portion of the portfolio of electrification. But we do still see hybrids as being an important part of the portfolio, especially in the near term, where there is no compromise, no range anxiety for consumers.
Joseph Hinrichs: And just a reminder, as battery costs improve or lower, hybrids also become more affordable. It's not just about electric vehicles. So, that becomes also part of the equation for the customer.
James Hackett: I think I should – John, it’s Jim Hackett, I think I should confirm that we have higher expectations for our performance and it’s my experience in the short time that I’ve been here that Ford is really good at this. And so, Joe can add some color here, but the challenge, what I call the design problem is that we had to ramp down a really profitable vehicle.  We had to clear out the plant literally bulldoze everything out, build a new plant inside, get it started and not drop any volume in the midst of that. So, it was pretty aggressive and as I look at that, I want to win like that in the future. But we fell short in a few ways. In fact, Joe just took my whole team through a deep dive on what we’ve learned from that.  I was very impressed with kind of the granularity of what we do understand of how the things that should have gone better didn’t. But what I am not concerned about is whether we get it and whether we have a grasp of how to get control of it. I’ll let Joe share with you because of course we are getting daily updates, the latest status of where we are on Explorer. 
James Hackett: So, John, Jim Hackett. I am going to hand it to David McClelland. As an former bank board member managing through the crisis in this last decade, I am really proud of the Ford Credit discipline and in fact, our efficiencies improved. We aren’t using more leverage to improve returns. So, we are very careful about that. But David, you can talk about and the great news we keep getting from Ford Credit. 
James Hackett: Thanks, Rod. This is like the Chicago thing. I just want to make it clear that the management team, starting with me understand that warranty is an opportunity for us to fix things that underlying challenges in our processes or the way we’ve done things. It’s my early work that I got involved in, Rod, in fact, when we met in New York in our first gathering, I talked to you about this that we attack the product development process with a lot of vigor.  And you understand the gestation period in the auto industry. So a lot of the improvement that we have made, Jim Farley, Joe Hinrichs, myself, how tie tang in getting the portfolio to generate all the new products that we are talking about coming with less capital committed that we – that was planned when this new regime started $20 billion less.  I am confident that the work that the PD process is undertaking is going to generate better performance. However, with that said, Joe and I are committed to control of our business and we’ve been surprised ourselves by some of these things because these are, Joe will explain, products and service, some that are longer three and four years out that.  Of course, we have to deal for our customers with problems and we’ll do that. There is also with the DPS 6 transmission, we made a decision as a team to remove any kind of questions from ongoing ownership of the vehicles beyond really first ownership that the company would stand by in the performance of the products.  So this is a big Ford commitment to make sure that no one was suffering through that product challenge. I feel really good from what the company can control that we got a handle on that.  So let me just summarize by saying warranty is getting a lot of attention and the first thing is that the PD process has been restructured in the smart redesign house work there was kind of leading the company. But the benefits of all that, or in the next-generation of products. So Joe, maybe you can comment like on these historical products, what we’ve learned.
James Hackett: Yes, so, Rod, on the go-forward warranty, what I have – what Tim and Joe have done in the expectation for the year, they have given you that in terms of the way that years been projected. So we don’t go out beyond that, of course, we have our normal reserve for warranty. But Tim, I am going to let you add any color that might help them a bit. 
James Hackett: So, Joe Hinrichs can clear this up. I am not happy with the press’ view of way we work through this. I mean, I am just going to I think tickle your fancy a little bit by having you understand how diversified changes are in the auto industry. When products come from all kinds of trajectories in terms of what makes them up, there is no companies that are vertically integrated anymore.  So the way the reporter talked about how things are moved around and shifted as an indication that the process was broken, that’s just not fair. And we were doing things because we were trying to take some of the pressure off this job per hour or JPH that Joe talked about. We could reduce some of the complexity.  So that’s - that actually worked. So that was – that’s the way that was painted as a negative. It was actually misrepresented and what he was saying to you is that the wholesales were still down 19,000 units, but that was worst last quarter. So we’ve made a lot of progress but Joe, I don’t know if you want to add more to. 
James Hackett: In fact, that discipline is really important, because, if we lose one customer, can you imagine the future cash flow loss of losing a customer? So, it's better that we get this right. The other thing, Joe, is if you follow the transit business or the F-150 business, those have multiple factories.  So, when we're in the middle of launches with those vehicles, there is relief because of the way Joe Hinrichs can move things around. So, I am just echoing what he said to you, is Flat Rock was not evidence of chaos. It was evidence of us making sure things were right.
James Hackett: Yes, we haven't given any specific commentary on when and how the flows occur. Again, they track with profitability over time.
James Hackett: In fact, Adam, I loved when we had this exchange a year or so ago, I was doing the thing where I would bring up the computer industry as a proxy and we were saying can you convert that to thinking about automotive? You remember when computing was – where we were moving from chip size, Pentium, et cetera, and you would buy the next-generation computer based on that.  And of course, that's been blown up in terms of the way the markets now respond to computing. You know, what Apple has done in terms of the iPhone. We see the features and virtues, rather than what's inside of it. I think this is going to happen now in automotive. I give Jim Farley and Joe a lot of credit here, as Ford was leading in this way.  In other words, all the rhetoric was around, do you have electric vehicles or do you have hybrid vehicles? And we've got this exciting thing coming in November that is going to take advantage. 
James Hackett: I know and what I want you to imagine with me is the dialogue is going to start to shift, because the nature of the product is going to be what's talked about rather than the propulsion. Of course, we're committed to that. We've got this F-Series coming and of course you know we've been working on a battery electric inside of that.  Imagine when the Bronco comes, how exciting talking about Ford products is. So, I just want to say that I love where you are going with the question, and I'm really excited about the way Ford is interpreting that.
James Hackett: Yes, thank you. And so, let me just close and say the third quarter results do have evidence of the global redesign of Ford. When you heard the news about how Europe persistently now is improving, and so it’s driving these positive shifts. But, make no mistake, humility of the work that we still have to do, I am still very confident in the team here and the progress that Ford Motor Company is making.  We are focused on improving our fitness and our outcomes. This is driving a winning portfolio, where we're fortifying the strengths. As you heard me just mention a moment ago to Adam improving mix. And we're focused on laying groundwork to improve the trajectory of long-term growth in cash flow and profitability.  That evidence is really starting to show up in the previous calls. You all asked us, are you sure your structural costs aren't rising? You know, we really have attacked this and I think we have a good handle there. And then a commitment by me personally that things that you would expect us to do better, that we are addressing, and we are. So thank you very much for your attention this evening.
David McClelland: Yes, John. Hi, this is David. So, I am echoing what Jim is saying. I am very comfortable with the way the credit company is going. The portfolio looks very strong. I mentioned this in the last earnings call and I haven’t seen any change in that. We manage as you know, we manage our business. We’ve stated that we want to keep it around $150 billion.  We manage the leverage between 8 to 9 as Jim just mentioned. You guys know how much equity is employed in the business and you know that we expect to get and we made this quite public in 12% return on that equity. So, when you do the math, our expected earnings should be about $2 billion.  This year, we have had – you referenced it in your question, we’ve had good news, interest rate versus what we expected. So we have seen that in our DMV numbers and the used vehicle performance has been better than we expected. You’ve said now that we think the used vehicles will be down about 2% for the year. We are about 1.8% so far for the year.  I know that that’s slightly different to what Manheim has said, but then I look specifically at the trend last year in used vehicles and I look at what happened in the fourth quarter last year. And then, most important we allocate the return mix and the Manheim is of the 2001 segmentations. When you look specifically at the Ford Credit return mix, I feel comfortable that 2% is about right.  So, overall – go ahead. 
David McClelland: The floor plan in the U.S., the amount of floor plan we do in the U.S. is pretty constant. I would expect it to stay there. We do most of the floor plan in Europe. We haven’t seen a change in China. Our Fico is pretty constant on our sort of marginal business as you’ve seen over the last ten quarters remained constant at 6%. So we are not seeing any change. 
David McClelland: Sorry. Thanks for the question. I think I touched on it a little earlier. So, we look at the performance year-to-date, which is down just short of 2% and then I looked at the performance last year, throughout the year and the trends actually over the last few years and then what happened last year in the fourth quarter.  And then, specifically and importantly look at the return mix, which is what Jim was getting at and if you look at the return mix, remember Mannheim is off a really historical mix. 
David McClelland: Sure. Yes, thanks. So that the - again, echoing what Jim said, not to talk about outside of Ford Credit, but I can talk with some confidence about the credit company itself. The business that we're putting on the books remains very strong where our FICO For the quarter is 750 and we're not moving at all on any of the higher risk business that we're doing.  And then, really to the heart of your question, we are not in the longer terms. We're not, even if the average transaction price is going up. We are not seeing any movement on our longer-term business, which the mix of that, the 84 month is only 3%.  There is nothing that I'm seeing in the performance in terms of delinquency, even the early, early defaults, non-delinquent defaults are not moving, 30, 60, 90s are fine. In our slides, there is a seasonality on the LTR, but that is simply seasonality.  Just look at 2Q18 versus 2Q19. Your prior questions about the disposals in terms of the residual values are pretty good. So, I mean we are staying diligent, but I am comfortable and confident that what you're reading about is not what you're seeing in the credit company.
