Mark Fields: Well, I think as you think about is there anything abnormal, no. I think as we talked about in the first quarter you heard Bob’s comments around the – their wholesale reductions that we have seen in F-Series and Edge. And as we get into the second half of the year, I think we are seeing great, really good acceptance to our new products, not only F-150, but Mustang, Transit. The Edge is still very early days, but it’s off to a great start and we have the Explorer coming. So I think barring any kind of external shock, if you will to the economy, what you will see us is running at kind of regular production rates. And John, to put that into perspective on margin, as we mentioned it’s very clear now that we are through the launch, mostly through the launch of the F-150 with a little bit of the acceleration, the final acceleration curve in the balance of the second quarter. It’s clear we are seeing higher revenues. We are seeing likely a richer mix, lower cost. And I think that’s than we originally expected as we launched last year. So we are growing the top line, which is allowing us to grow the bottom line. And if you look at the first quarter, if we ran at the kind of regular production rates, so if F-Series and Edge, we would have seen a margin of 10% or a bit above in the – in North America, so I think that’s our expectation as going forward. And that’s why we raised the overall guidance for the business unit.
Mark Fields: Well, again it’s a great question, Colin on what the crystal ball looks like. I think from our standpoint as you know we are changing the guidance based on the deterioration that we have seen in the external environment. And I think we are just going to stay focused on the things that we can control. And obviously, that’s continuing to put fresh products into the marketplace. Bob mentioned some of the market share gains that we have had. We are also in that very important market. The team is energized around as you can imagine further reducing costs, looking at more localization, looking at optimizing our footprint, those types of things. So as we go through the balance of the year, we will deal with the external environment. But stepping back, we do expect South America, it’s an important and attractive market as it has been in the previous decade. And we do expect it to be a positive contributor to our profits in the future, but the timing to the profitability to be quite honest is going to be based again on the stabilization of the market, but also ultimately some improvement in the external environment.
Mark Fields: Well, when you look at, you step back and you look at our performance in the first quarter, the industry was up about 3% and we were up a little over 9%, so almost triple that, but as you step back and look at the economy and we were just there obviously last week for the Shanghai Motor Show and spent the balance of the week there, we expect the economy, as we mentioned earlier, to be growing in about the 7% range. But you are seeing it obviously down from previous years, because you are seeing less demand for exports, but you are also seeing the shift from economy that has relied on growth through industry and investment to one that’s shifting towards more service oriented and consumer led economy. So, I think that’s having some ramifications in there. And as you can expect, you are seeing a different play out in different regions around the country. For example, in Chongqing, where our headquarters is, I think the GDP growth there was about 10% last quarter and obviously less than other regions. We are seeing the industry as you saw from our guidance. We kept it down a bit. So, we expect some modest growth, but we are seeing signs of some slower growth. And you are seeing it in B and C segments, some of the smaller segments, as it gets more competitive there. And then also, we are seeing a bit of shift as customers look at small SUVs. The pricing, to your point, actually, pricing has – net pricing has been negative for a number of years in the marketplace. We have baked that into our plan. And our pricing has been less negative because of the products that we have been introducing. So, our first quarter performance is encouraging for us as we stand back. I mentioned our share was even with the year ago, which was a record. It was actually up a bit from the fourth quarter as we have introduced products like the Escort. We have seen in general the Western OEMs in the first quarter as a group their share drop. We have held our share. Our new Escort is doing well. We have moved up in the passenger car rankings from number eight to number five in the quarter. And even, not forgetting our JMC business, which is our commercial business that they have had their best share ever and it was up significantly from last year. So, regardless of the industry situation we are seeing, I think we are well positioned in terms of whatever the market throws at us, because new products like the Edge and Everest, which are in the SUV category, which is an important growing category. Even in the C segment, which as I mentioned, is getting more competitive, the best kind of elixir for that is having fresh product. And we have introduced our Escort. Our new Focus is coming around mid-year. And of course, other products, like our Focus SD and the products that are launching now and going into new segments, like the Taurus, which will be coming in later this year, which is an important segment there. So overall, stepping back, it is slowing. We are seeing more pricing pressure in some segments. But I think we have a lot of confidence in our future there, because I think we have a strong product portfolio. We are expanding our manufacturing presence. Obviously, we are growing our jobs in the country due to our growth. We are marrying that to expanding our distribution network and we are growing our market share. And we also have a very good working relationship with our partner. So as we step back and we look at the year, we do expect a strong year. Second quarter, as Bob mentioned earlier, we have launched a number of our plants, like in India in our Hangzhou plant, we have – we really won’t significantly start producing product out of that until the second half. So, you may see a business in Asia-Pacific that’s about breakeven for the second quarter, but I think we are well-positioned for the balance of the year, but we will watch the market closely and we will follow our process, which if we see the market slowing down, we will match production to demand and take appropriate actions.
Mark Fields: And I would just add, Rod as you look at the industry, I think some of the pricing pressure will be maybe more concentrated as I have mentioned in some of the small cars, B and C cars, because we are seeing a bit of the same phenomenon in China as we are in other parts of the world, this migration from passenger vehicles to small and medium-sized SUVs. So I think you will see it may be more pronounced in those segments. But again, as Bob mentioned the best thing to do is, make sure you have fresh product in that environment which we will and we will deal with that. And also stepping back, as you know the Chinese government is very conscious of the economic performance of the country. And I think they will be looking at that and hopefully implement measures that if they see a significant slowing, they will maybe take some actions. But nonetheless, I think that’s kind of the area you might see some of the more pricing pressure.
Mark Fields: Well, I think if you step back and you look at the car market, the highest level when you look at the industry, Brian you can see that the industry has – on a percentage basis has increased on trucks and decreased on passenger vehicles. And we have seen that pronounced obviously, in the C-car segment. And the C-car segment last year this quarter was about 20% of the industry. It’s now about 18.5%. So it’s down. Our share of Focus is about flat within that. But because of that reduction, that’s why we took the shift off. And so on the car side as – and we talked about in this back in January. We saw that shift and we expected and we factored into our plan a more aggressive, if you will environment on that, particularly given our competitors in terms of some of the products that they ship into the country here. And I think we will see it continue to be competitive going forward. The good news for us is as we see that shift into trucks and utilities, that’s the benefit for us because of our profitability on those vehicles.
Mark Fields: Well, stepping back as you know, we have been a leader in a lot of the technologies in the semi-autonomous technologies as well as the safety technologies, which are really propagated throughout our vehicle lineup depending upon the vehicle. And so I think we have been a leader in that regard. Clearly, we have seen some announcements from some of our competitors, namely you did mention Toyota in terms of price points. Obviously, as you know, we always look at our vehicle lines. We also do a lot of analysis on our competitiveness. So we will factor that in into our plans going forward. But stepping back, we have had a big commitment to technology and smart technology and delivering it in a way that provides value for customers, but also makes it available to millions of folks. So you will continue to see us do on that going forward.
Mark Fields: Well, the pace has gone very fast, but I think we factored that in. When you look at our, for example, the type of technology, ADAS or otherwise that we have even on our vehicles like our Focus, I mean we have been anticipating that. But clearly, customers are saying that’s very important to them. And I think that was just reiterated in our recent survey last week I read – I can’t remember who did it. That said the most – technology, the most important to customers are around safety and around collision avoidance and things of that nature. And we have factored that in and have been implementing that.
Mark Fields: Well, not really, I mean, I think one of the things that’s going to be important in terms of getting to breakeven and ultimately profitability in Europe is the – not only the industry size, which clearly the larger the better. We have seen some growth, but obviously, we would like to see more, but it’s the pricing environment as well. That’s so important. As Bob mentioned, when you look at the pricing environment in Europe, we have had a specific strategy to improve our channel mix, which I think we have made a lot of coverage. And as Bob mentioned, we actually over-index versus the competitors on retails and fleet business versus the daily rental and self registrations, but it’s still a market where in any given day, the industry discounts 20% or more across their vehicle lineup. And I think from our standpoint, our strategy is, as we mentioned earlier, is bringing out compelling product, working that channel mix so that we get the growth, but that it’s profitable growth. And what we saw even in the last month or two, as Bob mentioned in the UK, we have seen some of our competitors really take advantage of the strong pound in the case of Switzerland, the strong franc, and get very competitive. And we are not going to do that. We are going to manage for margin and for profit.
Mark Fields: And Joe, one more factor is, as we work on the cost side, we shouldn’t forget obviously the revenue side, that’s just having compelling product. I mean, when you look at vehicles like our Mustang vehicles, like the Transit, what we are reporting out on F-150. When you can have a compelling product either from a functional or a design standpoint, you can get good revenue for that. So, we have to work both. We have to work the top line and we have to work the cost to make sure that we have a business that is earning more than appropriate return for us.
Mark Fields: No, just in the first part of your question, it’s really too early to tell, too early days on the question you are asking around leasing and percentages and by region etcetera, but we will provide more color on that as we get more into the launch.
Mark Fields: And then to your point – John, to your point about what is our plan going forward I mean our plan going forward as you know is to keep our product pipeline full. And as Bob mentioned, a good portion of the pricing is based on the new product also that we have out there. And by any third party external studies that’s done on the industry, you can see that we plan on keeping that product pipeline absolutely full and that will be a big element in allowing us to price appropriately going forward.
Bob Shanks: And John what we also are seeing is the launch effects are largely in the first quarter, somewhat in the second quarter. There is not as much of an effect of launches in the second half of the year, which maybe is a little bit unusual. But that’s what you are seeing occur this year. We actually have a similar effect that’s taking place in the case of Asia Pacific where we have had a lot of costs in place right now to support the plants that we will be opening around mid-year, which will bring with them new product and new volume, new revenue, new capacity. So a very similar story in both markets in terms of the second half versus first half.
Bob Shanks: Yes, in terms, I know what you might expect in Europe. Normally, John the second half is worse than the first half and that’s largely around the flat that you have got the plant shutdowns in the third quarter for about a month and then you have got the usual seasonal effect on the costs in the fourth quarter. I think this year, it could be mitigated just a little bit because we do have a number of significant products that are in the process of being launched or we will launch in the balance of the year and that will include the S-MAX, the Galaxy, the C-MAX, the Grand C-MAX are coming onboard. We have also got, I think the Mustang comes later this year, small volume Edge I think launch towards the end of the year. So it might be a little bit different. But I think you are probably going to see probably a little bit of worst performance in the second half versus the first half and that’s just normal seasonal results there.
Bob Shanks: When you think about the Russian operations, the effects that we have been reporting all along up until I think the second – after the second quarter of last year when we wrote off the equity in Sollers, it isn’t just the Ford-Sollers JV, but we ship components there, we ship parts there, we are incurring engineering expense on behalf of Ford-Sollers for which we were receiving royalties. So now that we are fully consolidating, of course all of that just becomes intercompany, if you will. So while there will be some impact, I don’t think it probably is going to be quite as great as you might thing because there was a lot of effect that was already in our consolidated operations before we picked up the JV. So you will just be picking up sort of the end market JV results. We do expect and I think we have talked about this already, Colin that we will have a greater drag on the business this year from total Russian operations than what we saw last year. But the good news is, I think with the change in terms of how we are going to work together, we are going to be able to move very quickly. Now, we have got a lot of new products that are coming. I think the last one is Fiesta, which is going to be a significant product for the marketplace. It’s really encouraging that some aspects of what have been very variable factors, like the ruble, at least for the moment appear to have somewhat stabilized and actually are settling at a rate that’s quite a bit better than what it was at the beginning of the year, which will help. So I think overall, we still feel like we are pretty much on track with what we had expected at the beginning of the year and already continuing in terms of our guidance for the European loss.
Bob Shanks: Thanks, Emmanuel. Yes, that’s a really good question. I am looking at Slide 11 here in front of me. And for those of you that have the slides if you could refer to that, because I think if you look at that picture and you just imagine on the volume and mix, which is pretty flat here, you imagine that being very, very strong. I mean, that’s what the year is going to look like. You are going to have a lot of strong positive growth on the top line mix as well. You are going to have very strong net pricing around the new product, but you are going to have higher cost, both contribution cost and structural cost and that’s what we talked about at the beginning of the year. That’s exactly the picture that we painted for North America, but that’s going to yield the very strong margins that Mark referred to in the balance of the year, which is going to give us that 8.5% to 9.5%. So, given a 6%, 7% in the quarter, that’s sort of – you can back into what that means for the balance of the year. We are going to have very strong margins, but that’s the picture of what the business will look like.
Bob Shanks: Well, I think you will see stronger pricing, but I think what you have to look at is the pricing and the volume together as well as the mix. It’s not just one or the other, it’s those two, the first two bars there, which is volume, mix and pricing, you have to think about them all together, because the product is going to drive volume, the product is going to drive better mix. And then of course we are also going to get the pricing. So, all of those things together are going to drive the top line. And then the partial offset to that is going to be both the investments that we are making in the business on the structural or the fixed side and then of course the contribution cost, which is driven by the product cost that we are putting in.
Bob Shanks: Well, I will take a shot. And if Mark wants to supplement, he can. I want to go back and use the same approach I did on North America, because it’s simple and I think it portrays what we are seeing. If you look at Slide 18 which is the Asia-Pacific slide, what is really unusual when you look at this slide versus what we have seen in prior quarters is you normally would see a really big positive bar on volume and mix. And you can see it’s actually flat. So, we have seen negative net pricing as Mark said for quite a period of time. As particularly China matures, there is increasing productivity, competition intensifies, prices have been declining. And as you said, we have modeled that into our future plans. And so it’s consistent with what you are seeing here in the quarter. We have been putting cost in the business and that’s to support our growing business, not only for current quarter, current year, but forward years as well. And in this particular quarter, you are seeing a little bit of bad news on exchange, but really not material. So really, what’s missing Rod is the volume and mix, because we essentially were sort of flat for the quarter. And what we do think is going to change materially in the second half of the year with the new capacity coming on stream and the new products we would expect to see a very strong contribution in the volume and mix category. I think pricing will be helped by the new products, but I think some of the effects of the slowing industry that Mark talked about, plus the natural negative trend of pricing, particularly in China, probably is still going to be a play. And you will continue to see cost coming in the business as we move through the year. Although, I think it will start to mitigate when we get into the second half of the year on a year-over-year basis.
Bob Shanks: The European, yes. Well, let me talk about Asia Pacific first. I just want to underscore something that Mark said earlier, which is we do expect that we could see something around the breakeven in Asia Pacific in the second quarter. And that’s really because, as we look and get closer to the launches of those plants and the products, their launch costs will start to become even more material than what they have been. So that will probably be the story around the second quarter. But when you get into the third and fourth quarter, you are exactly right. We are going to see our expectations are that you are going to see very strong top line growth that you are not seeing in this particular quarter because of the factors that we just mentioned. When you get to Europe, Europe is a challenging market. We have made a lot of progress with our transformation plan. I think the share improvement is very, very encouraging. And we are doing that with healthy share. We actually are under indexing in the short cycle segments rental and the demo sales. We are getting this the hard way. We are getting – with retail we are getting especially with commercial vehicles. I mentioned the number 2.8 points up, number one brand in Europe and not that long ago, we were what, number seven or something. I mean the improvement has been dramatic and the profitability of those segments is helpful as well. But we do have the impact of Russia. We talked about that being a material impact in terms of an absolute loss. We certainly are working very hard to improve that as we go forward. In the case of overall Europe, we are going to have to do more. While we are seeing the improvement in share in the particular quarter, we are talking about we have that impact on the stocks. I don’t want to pass that by because that was a little unusual. We usually will grow stocks in the quarter because we are preparing for the spring selling season and then you have got the plants shutdown in the third quarter. We did not do that this quarter because we ended last year a little bit heavy on stocks. We have got ourselves in a really good position in terms of days supply we are at targeted levels as of the end of the quarter. But we did that by not building stocks if you will, in the quarter. So I want to make sure that you kind of pay attention to that when you look at that callout box on the variance slide for Europe because that was about $144 million. So that was a bit unusual. But as we go forward, we are going to have to continue to work the top line. We are going to have to continue to drive for greater share. We are going to have to work on the pricing. One thing I do want to underscore again in the quarter, that negative pricing you have to kind of look at the exchange good news because it was somewhat related in part because of the what went on in Switzerland and the UK and the strength of those currencies relative to the euro. But it’s really around cost, we are going to have to take more costs out of the business and work on Russia in order for the business to continue to march towards profitability.
Bob Shanks: Yes, I think on that one if you look at the quarter and the change year-over-year, the thing that’s interesting, we forget when we show the JV profitability, there is a bigger China profitability. So, I will tell you the joint ventures. And we have talked about this on our Investor Day or rather Ford University day, we have got the Lincoln business, which is fully consolidated. We are incurring engineering inside Ford that is only paid for years later through royalty rates once the products are in production. We have got central staff costs, if you will, for our operations and so forth. And of course, if I didn’t mention it because I am forgetting, it could be a Lincoln of the investments for Lincoln. So, when you look at all of those costs outside of the joint ventures inside China, those are actually the biggest factor in terms of the change year-over-year and profitability outside the joint ventures. Those costs are actually up and a lot of that is driven by the investments for Lincoln, but also for the imported Ford vehicles that go into the market. Many of those are in balance out as we think are ready for transition to new products. And so there is an effect on that. So, that’s actually, Itay, having the biggest effect year-over-year outside the JVs. Australia is down a little bit, but that’s mostly related to the Australian dollar. Going ahead, we have had a really long-term view around India and around ASEAN, particularly Thailand. We are investing in these operations to expand our position domestically, but we are also positioning these vehicles or these markets to be global export hubs. So, I would expect once these operations and this is I am talking now publicly 2 or 3 years down the road, particularly if you bring in Thailand, it’s going to be several years before we get these things to the point where they are really humming both in terms of domestic contribution, but also the export contribution as well. We have got – so I would look at that as more medium term. I agree with you on Australia. Once we get past the closure of the plant in October of 2016, we should see a significant turnaround there.
Bob Shanks: Yes, we think it will improve as the year progresses and probably have a bigger impact in second half than in the first half.
Bob Shanks: Well, I think you will continue to see increases in our structural cost, because while these launch costs will go away or these advertising or sales promotion costs will go away for these particular products, we will have new ones coming along as well. But it is true in the quarter we do have some substantial launch cost and we are starting to see advertising sales promotion expense pickup for the new products as well, but I think it’s probably unfair to say that, that’s one-time cost.
Bob Shanks: Well, we do have specific targets around North America to make an operating margin of 9 to – 8 – I am sorry, I forgot, 8% to 10%.
Bob Shanks: 8% to 10%. And I think this year we are looking very good in terms of that range. As we go forward, I think the biggest concern we have is around regulatory costs are coming at us, because consumers have shown that they are not willing to pay for that. So, we are going to have to really put a lot of focus on the cost side of the business. We do generate good cost reductions and working with our supply base. We are going to have to generate, I think incremental efficiencies, both looking at structural cost. And there is a lot of opportunities I think in that area for us going forward. But the other thing that I would expect to have, because I have seen over the course of my career is you will see a lot of these new technologies, you will see efficiencies going down the technology curve. As volume increases, it becomes more – the volumes increase across the industry and we just – the industry finds ways to produce these types of technologies to lower cost. If you go back to the 80s and think about how expensive ABS was and when we are looking at times when competitors were starting to spread them our standard across vehicles and we are having our hard text to help out, because how expensive they were, we don’t even think about that today, because the costs are so low, that’s occurred over time. So, I think that will be another factor, Joe, that will come to play across the whole industry, not just for us.
Bob Shanks: Yes, the only thing I would add on that is that F-150 tends not to be a heavy leased vehicle. So, that’s really not such a factor in terms of the sales of F-150. But we are seeing good auction values. That was actually one of the favorable things that we talked about in our results today. So, I think the team has done a really, really good job of managing our leasing portfolio. We are very careful and cautious in terms of the concentration of lease, both geographically by vehicle line, by series. So we have learned a lot of lessons over the last number of years and we have got a lot of data analytics behind our leasing strategies to make sure that we don’t go too deep in any particular part of the business to put those values at risk.
Bob Shanks: Yes. I don’t think it’s as simple as what you are portraying it. And I do understand what you are talking about. I don’t think you can separate the investments you make and delivering and providing customers really strong product, which is what Mark talked about, in terms of what that gives you with volume, what it gives you in terms of mix, as well as the opportunity to price for it. You really have to look at the all those factors together, John. And I know you know that, but you have to look at them altogether and understanding are you getting the appropriate sort of total revenue for that particular investment against those costs that you have put in as well. And I think, as you will see going forward in the year, in North America you are going to see a cost increase, it’s what we have talked about. And we do expect that going forward in the subsequent quarters, but you are going to see very, very strong top line growth both in terms of what’s driven by volume, what’s coming from mix and also what’s coming from of that pricing. So you really got to look at all of them together to understand whether or not you have got a good equation. And with the margins that we are talking about, it’s very, very clear that the North American business, the balance of all of those things together is actually giving us a very, very strong business.
Bob Shanks: Yes. It’s actually a combination of both. This is not all strictly equipment related pricing. You are also seeing what we would call pure pricing that’s occurring. And of course we are very observant and careful about where we are standing competitively. We have seen continued discipline as you said in the overall industry. We are seeing price increases coming from a number of our other competitors. So the overall environment, I think is a very healthy one. I think in general, competitors are doing a reasonably good job of matching their production to demand and that certainly is providing an overall lift, I think, for the entire industry.
Bob Shanks: Yes. Dee-Ann that’s a good question, we had a decline in our revenue of $2 billion in the quarter, 70% of that was directly related to exchange. I think the thing that’s very interesting though is while that did impact the top line, because it’s simply translation of the strong dollar against the overseas operations revenue. When you look at the bottom line, we are actually seeing good news on exchange in the company. And a lot of that is around is non-repeat of the balance sheet effects that we saw last year in South America, but even as you strip that out, the effect of exchange on the bottom line in terms of profitability is pretty muted. 
