Jim Farley: No, there is a lot more to go. And the industrial system at Ford is a huge opportunity for us. And we have spent the last several months really getting deep on where we need to go. So John, maybe you could share or feeling comfortable on sharing, but you're going to hear a drumbeat from Ford on this all during the year.
Jim Farley: And Adam, I'd just like to add as the CEO, there's a lot of choices, they're all very consequential when it comes to the approach to do this. The most important thing for me is sustainable. When you look at Ford, we have cut in the past and it grows back or we have cut everywhere and not really focused on the industrial system. So for me, the approach that we're taking that's very different and very difficult is that it has to be daily work, gaps to competition, countermeasures, action plans for those countermeasures, constant evaluation of the effectiveness of those countermeasures, celebration of those KPIs and our status and daily management. It has to be a more fundamental approach than holding our breath or dealing with the output like people and getting into the real industrial systems efficiency. And that is a cultural change as a leader. It's a behavioral change. It is not just a program.
Jim Farley: No, you hit on it. And I'm glad we're getting into some of the strategies. I mean I would think of China business similar to what we've done in South America and IMG. Small but profitable, focused. We've been in the past in China kind of small but focused on everything. And Lincoln and our commercial with JMC is very profitable and an important business, but they have to make the EV transition. And I don't think you can be globally successful in the EV business if you don't compete with the Chinese. I mean they're going to come to Europe -- they're already there. They're going to come to the U.S. a powerhouse. Geely, there's so many others. And so we believe China is very strategically important for us. But to win there, we have to make those businesses transition profitably to EV, but I would think of it as kind of small and focused, maybe even more than past. And Europe is definitely -- we have a great CV business, commercial vehicle business that now is getting electrified. So we're like making that transition now. We have a new Ranger, the electric version of one-ton. Transit, and all of them, we have a new manufacturing site in Romania that's really scaling up now in commercial. So we have a really strong business. And the decision really is how much do we need how much -- how many engineers, how many people do we need in Europe and how big of a profile do we need in passenger cars? That's the decision. We've already electrified Cologne and that's really the decision. It's not the right time to talk about where we're going to go, but we know exactly our strength in Europe, and we know what we need to do. So -- and you won't have to wait long to hear from us on these things.
Jim Farley: Rod, some of the things I think about -- some of the things I think about is a number of complex sequencing centers we have. Our line sight complexity, number of parts sitting on side of the line, our inventory turns inside the plant. And on the supplier side, it's going to be transparency. We had full transparency down to Tier 3 in our supply chain. It's very important to operationalize better quality and cost. On the engineering side, it's also indirect. What's the ratio of indirect to direct engineering that we're spending, i.e., the productive engineering that's resulting in customer-facing products. And increasingly, I know it's going to sound a little bit weird, but it's the software output. We are spending as a management team more and more time on our software platform, and the cost of creating software and the complexity of software. And that's something that -- we have a lot of KPIs. They're increasing quickly and are increasingly important for us. It may not be significant for structural cost, but we have to be careful to add a lot of complexity in software.
Jim Farley: That is a very important question. The reality is we will -- we are structuring our portfolio to compete in very specific segments. The crossover is turning out to be the core civic of the EV business. And the last thing we want to do is commoditize our products by dropping the price. Just look what happened to Henry Ford in the 20s in the early teens. And that's exactly what we're seeing play out here. We didn't have to touch the pricing in offer Lightning and E-Transit because we pick the right segments. But the real driver of our future profitability on Model e is the second cycle products. We didn't know when we designed these first three products. We didn't know that our wiring harness for Mach-E was 1.6 kilometers longer than it needed to be. We didn't know it's 70 pounds heavier and that that's worth $300 a battery. We didn't know that we underinvested in braking technology to save on the battery size. We didn't know that we needed the world's best aerodynamics to get the size of the battery smaller. And so now we have learned a lot and that second cycle of the product is in the factory right now being developed with a lot of new talent. So I'm very optimistic about our 8% because we are not going to be playing in the two-row commodity SUV market because that's -- because tried that in the ICE business, didn't really work out for us. We want to play our hand, our strength, commercial, truck, larger vehicles on the category side. We do not want to have too many top ads because that costs a lot to engineer. We want to have minimum choice for customers, but we want to design the smallest possible battery for competitive size, and we want to invest differently in our ICE business for radical simplification, 30%, 40%, 50% less fasteners, no brackets in the vehicle. I can go on and on. We'll get into it at Capital Markets Day. I think we should expect all brands to protect growth when it comes to EV. And that for we have to expect negative pricing. And that means software and other items like that becoming even more critical. I can't wait to show you our new electric architecture. To me, that's the most critical strategic investment the Company is making, not our batteries, not the EV platforms, but our new fully updatable electric architecture because what we've learned on Pro is we can make real money on software.
Jim Farley: Right. Yes, great question. We're going to see that on Pro first, and this year is a breakout year for Pro because we have brand-new products, both core in Europe and U.S. are most -- the highest volume, highest profit vehicles are all new. So, a very important year for us, I would say we absolutely have a fantastic business plan that's very specific about software and physical services. The biggest opportunity for us in the short term is the after sales business. Only 10% of our Pro customers do business with us, and we hardly do any financing with them. And so between financing and parts and service, we have enormous upside in the short term. And those are very profitable parts of our business. So I would think of it this way, Ryan. It's like software is starting to drive a closed loop where the customer wants to do more physical service with us. We have all those mobile units, more and more dedicated dealers and more of our commercial customers because of the use of the software is coming back and buying parts for us. And then the next level of performance is really going to be prognostics. When we could put predictive failure in all the vehicles, like you see on John Deere and Caterpillar, and then drive that into our physical repair facilities, we're going to see a much larger retention in parts and service. So I think the basics of the business are, these are profitable vehicles. We've got new ones coming out. We're going to grow that. We're -- I mean, we blew through our parts and service profits and revenue for Pro last year. It's almost like we can't even predict as this -- that software starts to really drive a different behavior for our customers, the growth in parts and service. But that's the monetization in the short term for these services in the integrated ecosystem. And then long term, the real game changer kind of like autonomy in the retail space is going to be that prognostics.
Jim Farley: I think on the demand side, we see the U.S. around the $15 million range, Europe around $13 million. We're going to see more incentives in the U.S. So we can go through the demand side if that's what you're interested in.
John Lawler: Yes. So Adam, I think if you just step back and look at the three elements of the industrial platform, there's opportunities across each. If you look at our product development system and in our engineering, the level of productivity that we have, so think about $1 of input and what you get out for that $1 of input is probably about 25% to 30% inefficient. So, we should be either getting more products through the pipeline or our cost should be significantly lower. Now we have to be very smart about how we go about doing that because we've got incredible products in the pipeline, and there's a huge opportunity on that front, but we also have to balance the quality as well. And so, when it comes to our engineering, I think you should think about it that way, and that's what we're going after. Our supply chain, there are issues across the supply chain. It cost us, as we talked about last year, at least $1 billion in premiums that we had to pay, increased freight premiums on chips, premiums on disruption that we called our suppliers because our schedule stability was probably worst in class and fixing that and the root cause it gets to that will drive incredible opportunities for us. And let's say that for 2023, it should be at least an incremental $1 billion at least. And then when you look at our manufacturing system and you go through our plants, you look at the level of working capital we have in, you look at our production schedules, you look at the complexity and what it does for time that takes us to build a vehicle. And you understand just how inefficient that is. And then you bring that back through that -- complexity back through the supply chain, and you talked about the number of changeovers that our suppliers have to make to produce the complexity that we have and the time that, that adds to production and the time that it adds the cost and the issues that it drives through. So those are just some of the tip of the iceberg or the things we're going after. And then if you go back and you look at it, as I said in my remarks, just you look at the math and you look at our cost of goods sold relative to our revenue and then compare that to traditional OEMs, let alone the new OEMs, and you see the size of the prize that we're going after. And what's changed, Adam, I think the answer is, is we just have to show you guys. I mean that's where we're at. We have to deliver it. But as Jim said, as we're taking this lean approach and getting into it, there's a very systematic way we're going at it now, and we are very focused. And we know that this is the number one thing that needs to get fixed in the first part of our transformation.
John Lawler: Yes. Thanks, John. It's a great question. That's exactly it. The headwinds are $4.5 billion to $5 billion, as we pointed out. And we said we expect on the tailwinds pricing to be about neutral. The market forces, I think, are going to drive average transaction prices down. We think probably around 5%. And that will come some from the dealer margins, but also from higher incentives. And then you step back from it, and we do have the new Super Duty, and we expect that to be a positive and we also have a very strong order bank on our commercial vehicles. So we're looking at pricing being about flattish we said volumes, there's a slight opportunity as industry comes along. So the rest of it falls into cost reductions, and that's exactly right. When you look at those cost reductions, you have to see what's happening relative to the material. And in, there's two phases there. There's one, it's -- we do expect commodity prices to come off a bit to improve a bit, but we also have significant opportunities in our material cost, and we have several initiatives going on to identify those efficiencies. We also have quite a bit of cost when you talk about schedule stability. I don't have the exact data from the competition. But when I look at our scheduled stability, there are significant opportunities through changes that we can take to improve that schedule stability, which will flow straight through to lower surcharges from the supply base because they have to deal with that instability and there's cost that drives as well as the significant premiums we paid in freight for expedite, air freight, et cetera, to just try to keep plants going and keep our suppliers' plans going. So, those are two immediate actions that we can take based on the inefficiencies we saw in '22 that cost us the $2 billion. And then on top of that, we have to build through the core industrial platform just productivity and efficiencies to drive even more improvement. So that's how we're thinking about it, and that's how we're going about it.
John Lawler: Yes. So on the pricing, we do see the broad market coming in at about transaction prices falling about 5%. Some of that's going to come out of the dealer margins, of course. It's not all going to come from us. But we also have upside, Rod, with some of the launch of the new vehicles. We won't see as much of a price compression there. So, we see pricing net-net for us next year being about flattish. And so don't think about it as we're working through '23 as being a negative $1 billion. And then I would say that when it comes to the cost reductions, I think what we've got to start showing is, one, that we're getting leverage out of the business if we're growing the business that our cost of goods sold is growing at a much slower pace. And that as we're coming out with new vehicles, our cost per units are coming down, so our margins are improving. When you look at the design of our vehicles and you compare it to competition, I think if you go through those benchmarks and you go through those teardowns, you can see that there's a tremendous amount of opportunity for us to design out complexity. And you should see that coming through complexity reduction KPIs on our vehicles. I think that will be key. And it not only will be in the order combinations but also in the parts complexity in the number of parts. And what we'll be doing is as we move forward through this year, especially at Capital Markets Day, we'll be providing more details on those KPIs. But it's the key areas you should be seeing how much productivity we're getting out of $1 of engineering, and we should do something around that from a KPI standpoint because these are the areas that we need to improve.
John Lawler: Rod, I think it's beyond just structural cost. Our biggest cost element is our material cost. We will continue to invest in our growth-related investments, some connected services. The software, as Jim talked about, we're also continuing to invest, as you know, in our build-out of our batteries. So our spending related costs are going to go up. Volume will drive manufacturing cost, which is in our structural cost. So there will be puts and takes on the structural costs. Our biggest opportunity is in our level of material cost that we have. It's the largest cost element on our income statement, and it's where we are most uncompetitive.
John Lawler: Yes. I think it comes down to the key driver for the in the fourth quarter was the volumes. And the volumes was on availability of key commodities, primarily chips and the fact that many of our suppliers had equipment issues as they were ramping. We think we've worked through a lot of those issues on the ramp in our supply chain. And as far as the rate inflow on the commodities, the chips, it continues to be hand-to-hand comment. But we're putting corrective actions in place. We've got better pipelines from brokers and spot buys, and we're working very closely with our supply chain down to the Tier 2 chip suppliers. So that's execution, it changes that we're putting in place on the rate and flow, and it's being more efficient in our scheduling and the stability of our production to reduce expedited freight, expedited costs at our supply chain, et cetera. So, part of it's operational. Part of it's what we're doing working with our supply chain partners. And part of it is getting through the hump on ramping up run rates, et cetera, throughout the system.
John Lawler: Right. So if you look at that, it's at least $2.5 billion depending on where we fall within the range of the guidance. So I think that would be a start point, and then we would go from there. And of course, we're going to be working to do better than that. But that's what we see so far.
John Lawler: Yes. So I think what we would have to say is that given that we're moving to our segments for 2023, we're not going to be reporting the regions. And so we will give more color on 2023 by each of the business unit segments. And so I'm not going to comment on regions anymore going forward, unless there's a specific reason to do that within one of the segments.
John Lawler: Yes. I think in Europe, we're going to see continued pressure on the top line. We've got a 13 million unit in the industry. We think we still have such a strong order bank. We not think we know we have a strong order bank on our commercial vehicles that we don't see as much pressure there. More of the pressure will come on the passenger side. But pricing in Europe, incentives continue to be strong throughout this year. So I don't think you'll see as much price compression in Europe, as you've seen in -- you'll see in North America and the U.S. But I think definitely for Europe, it's the call on the industry and where do we think that will be offset by the strength of the order bank we have on our commercial vehicles. Coming back to the U.S., as we said, a 15 million unit industry, we think prices are going to come and the industry are going to fall, transaction prices will fall about 5%. You think about that as about a combination of incentives and lower dealer margins. We're starting to see dealer margins come down now as our demand from the industry is easing a bit. And we're starting to see the inflationary costs come through with the pricing. And so we're starting to see those margins come off. And I think through as we go through the year, particularly in the second half, you'll start to see prices come down through higher incentives by the OEMs. When you look at our International Markets Group, I think it's a little bit different there. Our key product is Ranger, and that's all new, and that's launching, and so there's incredible demand for it. And so we think we have some pricing power there as well. So I think the puts and takes around the region, if you look at it on a macro basis. And I think it will be more insightful as we talk about what's happening in each of the segments and then specifically what's happening in Pro Blue and e in those segments around the world.
John Lawler: On the software side, we were guessing before, but now we kind of know what the first three shippable large TAM software revenue sources are for our industry. The first is partial autonomy, the second is safety and security and the third is productivity. And the star people in there, the early leaders definitely ADAS on pricing revenue growth. I mean, the growth we're seeing, the demand we're seeing for BlueCruise and all ADAS features is really driving a lot of software shipment. We're about to ship our second cycle of BlueCruise already, and we are really starting to see -- that is clearly what customers want revenue-wise. And I do believe in this first three, four years of software to the car that ADAS, that Level 2, Level 3 system, is really the most remarkable TAM. However, in the background, for Ford, the productivity software in Pro is really important. It's maybe unique to us, but it is a very important part of our software revenue, which we will lay out in May. You'll see more specifics on it, but it's very profitable. The customers love the data, and they have a higher demand for the data and the software than the retail customer. I think the slow burn, the one in the background that I'm super excited about is the third leg of the stool of safety and security, not like someone stole your car, but it's video content, a lot of it tied to insurance. So this is going to be a really interesting area. Kind of think of your cars and extension of your ring and all the safety and security you have in your house now, all that technology, the cars give me another note on that. It will go for everything from teenage drivers to all sorts of things and that video capture is going to be the essence. Another reason why we think our next electrical architecture is so strategically important for the Company because we want to embed that hardware and software and adaptability in the electric architecture so we can ship the software, better software than our competition on safety and security, even if it's a little fuzzy on what the features are today.
