Jim Farley: You're absolutely right. I would say, Adam, when Doug came on board and at the same time, we did a wider, especially Texas. And we really understood the BYD teardowns and even Changan, our partner in China. Our eyes were opened more than a year ago, and so we were fortunate that our new platform that non-semi are coming at a time when our traditional competitors have already designed and made their bets in the EV platforms. And I could tell you that, that moment was one of the biggest eye-opening moment in my personal career, where I realized we had completely changed our approach to platforms. The inverter technology, the efficiency in the system as -- of the vehicle, the massive complexity reduction and cost competitive reduction that we have to make in the second cycle products was just dramatic. The battery pack design that we see from our competitors is completely uncompetitive from what we saw and what we're now executing against. The gearboxes, the motors, how we thought about investment in braking systems and wiring systems, the diversity of battery chemistry like LFP, it was all just a moment when we all looked at each other and said, "We have to go left to beat the -- and compete with these competitors that make a really on EV." And so we're executing that. And as John said, Adam, the other epiphany was for us, and thank God we have Pro because it's come to fruition is the enormous cost but importance of upgrading the electric architecture so we could be a winner in spending software to the vehicle. This decision by Ford and the type of products to bundle new, simpler, more energy-efficient platform that compete in segments where we have a great reputation that we can still conquest with very simple top hat engineering and add to it an advanced electrical architecture where we can win the war of shipping software to the vehicle was our bet, is our bet. And we like our bet, and we think it's competitive. In the meantime, we learned about battery scaling, which is not easy in Georgia. We learned about how to build 10,000, 20,000 unit a month batteries in one facility in high quality. We learned about the thermal propagation that will protect our brands over time, and I'm very optimistic. However, in a place like China, you only have to the local our local JV partners' platforms because they are the best in the world in certain segments. Maybe not for a full-size truck or a large trial cross-sell. But for some segments, it may be perfect for us. So we're not changing strategy at Ford. We've always been on that strategy, including China.
Jim Farley: As far as the volume trade-off, Rod, is interesting. The elasticity model that we're now building because of our high volume, we're at the middle part of the year this year. We filed about 120,000 EV. We're learning a lot about that elasticity between price and volume. It's actually not as different than ICE than we thought. So we have a lot of information that didn't have a year ago on the volume trade-off profit optimization, plus all the levers that John talked about on the 8%.
Jim Farley: Great question. I think how -- in general how we think about it is a year ago, two months ago, the industry thought of kind of this extreme hybrid and EV. What we now realize and being in markets like China, that there's an infinite number of decrease of electrification in between both of those. And the customers are very rational about buying an EREV versus a long-range PHAB versus a SERA hybrid for towing, customers are really acting pre rationally based on their duty cycle. So I would say a couple of years ago we decided to continue our hybrid investment in our heavier vehicles. And those hybrid systems are quite different, let's say, to Toyota Japanese OEM. And we have been surprised the popularity of hybrid systems for F-150. It's now north of 10% mix cost, and it's increasing. And what we've learned is that we have to tie. What the customer really likes is when we take a hybrid system that's more efficient in duty cycles, and then we add new capabilities battery like Pro Power Ford. We're seeing a lot in that combination of using the battery or something beyond just moving the vehicle. And that popularity, I mean we never thought we would be at 50% hybrid mix for Maverick. It was far beyond our expectation. And so we're just listening to the market. We believe that ICE customers, Blue customers don't want to be left behind. They want modern powertrains, and decarbonizing with them is just as attractive. That's one of the reasons why we separated the business because we want a Ford Blue and Pro. On Pro side, we're very lucky. We have a lot of great multi-energy platforms. So we have a lot of choices between electrification, partial electrification and ICE and the infinite number in between. The platforms are designed for that flexibility. So all I'm saying is you're going to see a lot more hybrid systems from us, but don't think of them in the traditional sense of an escape hybrid or Prius. They're probably going to come to light differently than the people think, and customers like that.
Jim Farley: I see. So we don't -- I want to be really clear about this. You -- all of you haven't yet seen our second cycle EV strategy or even the third cycle that we're working on, and I'm not going to tell our competitors about that right now. But I will tell you that it's very important to know that Ford strategy is not to build compliant vehicles that are very affordable for acquisition cost but lose lots of money. That's not our strategy when it comes to electrification. Our strategy is to make 8% margin irregardless of the price point, and we're going to allocate capital along those lines. So the pressure we're in ourselves is that we -- in future segments, we execute the product with rural efficiency and simplicity, and we upgrade the electric architecture for lots of software revenue and profits with great margins for all of our electric and our hybrid vehicles. And they all have to stand on their own in the segment report, and you will see all those results transparently. We don't create greenhouse grass credits between our businesses. We used to allocate capital. It was like $5,000 a vehicle. We're done. We're done with that. We don't play games like that. That's why we created these segments. And if we have a low-cost vehicle like some of our competitors have, it's not going to be a compliance set. It's on a vehicle that we convince ourselves we can make 8%. Maybe a lot of that is in software because we do need to build this installed base. I hope that's clear what our top-of-the-house strategy is and maybe how it's different than others.
Jim Farley: Yes. I want to make it really clear. The term hybrid is going to -- in our industry going to get our company. Hybrid could be a serial hybrid. It just means a motor powers batteries. It could be a hybrid in the traditional sense that like the F-150 hybrid or the -- and the hybrids I'm referring to are not plug-in hybrids. They are vehicles without a plug.
Jim Farley: And I really want to mention something that I'm compelled to mention, which is in the U.S. right now, I don't know, 7% to 8% depending on the month. The intention by still 30% to 50%. There are plenty of consumers. The issue is price to pay has come down, but it's very, very lumpy. It's not consistent across all segments. So one of the most important levers that John is referring to is what segment we compete in with our second-generation products. That's why I said clearly that we are so thankful we did not bet on 2-row crossovers. We have bet on segments that we know deeply, deeply, deeply. And we now know what we know, and we can't unlearn what we learned from the per EV companies on cost and complexity. And now we have touted a company like Doug, where we're shipping almost 0.5 million software, that many software subscribers. So there is real demand for these customers based on duty cycle. It's up to us to get those second site products and doing the cost reductions in the meantime. And I think our strategy, the segments we compete, which is not visible to see yet, I think it's going to really differentiate Ford.
Jim Farley: On the -- I'm not sure, but I think you're going referring to the Lighting price decrease, and I want to be really clear. We built about 24,000 electric vehicles at Ford in the first quarter. Our target for the quarter four is $100,000. That's four times. The ramp on F-150 in September is really significant. We always knew that we had to build an order bank that looked nothing like the original F-150 Lightning order bank because our production is tripling. And that's really critical for us strategically because we have a second cycle product coming, and it's going to be really profitable, and so that's really important to understand. We didn't cut the price the F-150 $100,000 to create an order bank for our current production rate. It's for a tripling. And oh, by the way, the F-150 price after the $10,000 decline is still above its launch price.
John Lawler: Yes, Ryan. I think that in the absence of that question highlights the complexity and all the levers that we have to work with here, and so what I would say is we haven't changed our plan. What changed is that the adoption we're seeing with -- now that we've moved into early majority and the price premium of EVs has come off or normalized more quickly than we expected, and so that's impacting the profitability right now. But we're continuing to work through all of those levers as we build out the second generation of vehicles. And that path, that bridge that we had talked about, we had thought that prices would come down. It's sooner than we had thought. And it might be a little bit deeper than we had thought. But also as we get more and more confidence and gain more and more confidence in the products that Doug is creating and the combination of that product, both the physical hardware and the software and the experience and the ability to execute a completely optimized system of higher vehicle, that's giving us confidence in our ability to move towards a sustainably profitable segment in EV, starting with our second generation. So we're not walking away from that 8% target.
John Lawler: All right. One thing, Jim. One of the other things that we are looking at, this is the future and this is about an installed base, and so we're also looking at these customers today in the acquisition. We know that once you bring them in, they're more loyal. We think about what the retention rates will be over second vehicle or a third vehicle. They come down over time. We also think about it from a modest software attach rate to these vehicles. And we very carefully look at the present value of that. And is it still positive given the acquisition cost of these customers to invest in the row? And so we watch that very closely. And we talked about that with the team. I'm not going to give you the specific numbers, but that's what we're thinking about. And I can tell you, if we get to the point where that lifetime customer value is there an acquisition cost, that's what we said. We won't acquire customers with any cost, and we know where those lines are for. And so that's one of the other things that we're using -- we're looking at this as we invest in our future.
John Lawler: Yes. Just one thing. I understand I appreciate the math and doing the math that way. And you look at it, wow, it's a big number. You have to remember that there's a lot of investment going to ramp and put the footprint in as well that these vehicles are carrying. And we're -- we added quite a bit of capacity to make it work, and so we have to think about it that way as well. We have to break it into what's the contribution margin, what's the gross profit, how much are you investing for the future so that we can scale and grow this business because we know EVs are coming. It's not like it's a question we're not going to have EV. So we can do the math that way, but I'm not sure it's the right way to think about how we're approaching this business because there is a lot of upfront cost to invest in that footprint so that we can grow. And remember, we're working on our second generation and our third-generation vehicles. That has cost as well. So to attach all of it just to these vehicles, I don't think it's quite the right way to be thinking about that as we move forward, respectfully.
John Lawler: Yes. Thanks. So when you look at that for Blue on a half-over-half basis, we -- pricing held up much better than we thought through the second quarter, but we do have planned in the second half as we continue to increase volumes in Blue that we will see some pricing pressure there. So we see that happening as we walk through. We do have in the second half the ratification, which we see when we get to a new contract. And remember, for us, all of that is in our quarter, in our fourth quarter. We don't amortize that. We take it as a full charge in the quarter. And then we're also seeing some inflationary pressures. And we saw that in the quarter as well, we see that going through the second half, primarily around warranty, and that's with the costs that we're seeing come through the dealers. So they're increasing their costs and warranty for the repairs. Their labor rates, et cetera, have gone up with inflation. And then the other thing we're seeing across the board, we saw it in the second quarter, but we see it through this quarter as well, is the cost we're seeing right freight costs. Although some of the rates are coming down. We're seeing constraints overseas. We're seeing rail constraints. So we're generally seeing constraints around freight, and that's driving up costs as well there. So that's the combination of the puts and takes for Blue as we go our half over half.
