Alan Mulally: Thank you, Lewis. Slide 29 provides an overview of the business environment.  In the second quarter, global growth was affected by several developments, supply disruptions due to the events in Japan, slowed GDP growth in many markets. Global automotive industry production was impacted adversely by 2.5 million units in the second quarter. Several emerging markets including China, India and Brazil tightened monetary policy through interest rate increases and other measures to slow down inflation. This policy in turn slowed economic growth in these countries to more sustainable rates than in 2010.  The European debt crisis and the U.S. budget issues are generating a high level of uncertainty in the financial market. For 2011, we continue to expect global economic growth in the 3% to 3.5% range. The impacts from the events in Japan are receding, fuel prices are moderating and growth in emerging markets such as China and Brazil, although moderated, remain at very robust levels.  On balance, incoming economic indicators are consistent with continued economic expansion of the global economy for the remainder of this year.  Slide 3 (sic) _ summarizes first half results and our planning assumptions and key operational metrics for full year 2011. We maintain our industry outlook for the U.S. In Europe, however, a strong first -- after a strong first half, we are seeing some sign of weaknesses leading us to upgrade our full year guidance to 14.8 million to 15.3 million units. On operational metrics, as discussed previously, quality remains mixed due to some near-term issues in North America, which we are addressing. We are pleased with the progress we have made to date on these near-term issues, and we are on track to achieve our quality improvements in our International operations. We expect U.S. and Europe market shares to equal or improve from last year's results. We expect total company pretax operating profit to improve compared with the $8.3 billion earned in 2010. We continue to expect commodities and structural costs to each increase by about $2 billion compared with 2010. The increase in structural cost is consistent with supporting higher volumes in the short term, as well as our plan to grow our business, strengthen our brand and improve our products through our business planning period. Although not shown, we expect our structural cost as a percent of net revenue to improve, compared with 2010.  For the full year, we expect Automotive operating margin to be equal to or improved compared with the 6.1% of 2010, despite higher commodity costs. We expect Automotive operating relating cash flow to improve from 2010's $4.4 billion. Capital expenditures remain in line with our most recent guidance. Our first half performance was very good. While we remain on track to deliver continuing improvement for full year pretax operating profit and automotive operating-related cash flow compared to 2010, we expect second half results to be lower than the first half.  In our Automotive sector, this reflects increasing commodities and structural costs, as well as seasonal factors that tend to favor the first half. At Ford Credit, we expect lower profit the second half, in line with the factors that we have highlighted previously.  Slide 31 summarizes our plan. We remain focused on delivering our ONE Ford plan, which is unchanged. Aggressively restructure to operate profitably at the current demand and the changing model mix, accelerate development of new products our customers want and value, finance our plan and improve our balance sheet and work together effectively as one team, leveraging our global assets.  While there are growing concerns in several areas, as previously noted, we expect the global economic recovery to continue. We will continue to monitor our external environment closely and take appropriate and decisive action in response to whatever challenges and opportunities may arise. We continue to progress our plan to deliver profitable growth for all.  Under our ONE Ford plan, we will continue to invest and profitably growing our business around the world while maintaining an unrelenting focus on improving the competitiveness of all of our operations. In 2011 -- 2011 is an important step in this journey and we are pleased to report that we are right on track with a strong first half performance. Now we will be pleased to take your questions.
Alan Mulally: Brian, I might just add that to your question that, we're seeing generally an appreciation by the consumers in the content, no matter what the size of the vehicle is. Whether it's an F-150 down to your point, whether it's a Fiesta or a Focus. People are making a lifestyle choice on the vehicle that works for them, whether it's a car utility, truck or a small or medium or large vehicle. But what they really want is the very finest quality, fuel efficiency, safety, the features, and of course, the best value. And that's of course, that is the Ford plan and, that's what we're seeing reflected in the numbers put on the revenue side as well as the content that we were adding.
Alan Mulally: Well, Chris, as we earlier pointed out in the mid-decade guidance, the market is going to be increasing, I mean, overall worldwide from 74 today to nearly 97. And China alone, to your question, is going to be nearly 28% of the total market. And clearly, with the performance today and where we're going with the more extended product line, serving nearly 70% of all the market segments in China, we anticipate our presence to increase dramatically. Just a little bit more context with what Lewis said.
Alan Mulally: Yes. What we have said was the impact, the impact of the credit loss reserves and the lower depreciation expense, those 2 items would be about $1.1 billion. Obviously, there's other factors in the business like our financing margin and volume as well. So we have said about $1.1 billion for those factors and then other factors will change it accordingly.
Alan Mulally: I think it's also important to keep within the context of the reiteration of the guidance for the full year, taking into account the seasonal factors we've talked about in the investment in the future products in the second half. We also are reiterating our guidance for our total company pretax operating profit and Automotive operating-related cash flow of exceeding and improving over the 2010 performance year-over-year.
Alan Mulally: And on your second question, as we pointed out in the first quarter, we are watching the consumer trends very closely. We clearly saw some areas that were a potential for improvement. And I think what we really learned out of that is that we are more -- we believe even more and MyFord Touch and SYNC and voice-activated, and hands on the wheel and eyes on the road than ever before, and we're absolutely committed to that. And we're also committed to using the feedback we're getting from the customers. The 2 issues that we really had was, one was just a computational capacity of the system, it was not as great as we needed it. But the other one was, we were giving them very good choice between the test screen, the controllers and voice-activated. And so we have taken that input. We have most of the improvements identified. We're incorporating those improvements now, and we're very pleased with the acceptance by the consumers and the fixes also. So those were the big lessons learned. The other one of course was on the 5- or 6-speed transmissions as we dramatically use them to improve our fuel efficiency. We're getting some good feedback on just the shifting sequence and the way it felt for the customers, and we are incorporating those improvements in the system, too. So I think we'll be moving back up where we were before pretty soon.
Alan Mulally: Well, clearly, we're continuing to watch the situation very closely and we'll take appropriate action. I think that we're all very encouraged, as hard as this conversation has been, is the conversation is taking place, it's not just on one thing, it's on the things that affect the total U.S. economy, and that is not only the debt ceiling but also the budget deficits, also the trade deficits. So I think this realization that the economic growth and expansion in the United States is really, really important to all of us. So I'm very confident we're going to get this, I guess some solutions to get us going again.
Alan Mulally: Well, I think it's -- when you introduce a new technology like this that is so connected to a way that the consumers operate the vehicles, we are expecting to get really good feedback on what can make it even better. And just like the consumer electronics industry, our plan is to listen really carefully and incorporate that feedback in a very timely manner to continue to improve the system. What as I pointed out, Chris, we believe more than ever in both of the sets of technology, as far as the usefulness and the reason to buy Ford products. And the vast majority of the consumer, over 60%, 70% absolutely are pleased, and it's a reason to buy. So we're going to continue to incorporate the feedback in a very timely manner, and people absolutely love the direction that we're going in fuel efficiency and really smart design and removing and reducing driver distractions. So a very important part of the plan. That's why we move so aggressively earlier in the year before a lot of the other surveys came out.
Alan Mulally: Well, clearly, yes. But clearly, we are coming back from an unprecedented recession, and the whole supply base, we're bringing back up. We've dealt with very decisively with the Japanese disaster. And so we're making progress. We're doing that very thoughtfully, very carefully as we increase production and mass the production in world demand and some of our vehicles, especially with the rapid increase in fuel efficiency. We don't have as many of them as the demand, but we're going to continue to work on it and continue to mass production of all the vehicles to the real demand. But we're coming back, and we're coming back in a very thoughtful plan, careful way.
Alan Mulally: Well, I think, it's a very -- to answer your specific question, these numbers are very positive for our negotiations because they really demonstrate what we have done together, all of our employees, all the stakeholders, our Ford store owners, our suppliers, our employees, the UAW, because what we have done in these results are a result of all the stakeholders working together on every element of competitiveness at the Ford business plan. And the fact that we are now transforming the company, we are profitability growing based on the strength of this great product line and strong business results, that gives us the opportunity now to continue to invest in the business and grow it further and provide great jobs and great careers, in addition to great products at Ford. And so the conversations we continue to have are, what can we do together to continue to improve the competitiveness of every element of the Ford plan and the fact that we have now announced that we're going to be hiring 7,000 new employees over the next 2 years. The fact that we're converting truck plants to car plans to provide this full family of best-in-class vehicles. So that's what the conversation is really about is, what more can we do going forward to improve every element of competitiveness? Because that is what everybody, everybody is most concerned about and most excited about. So I think it's, there's going to be a very positive set of negotiations just like they have been recently.
Alan Mulally: Well, I think it's really premature to talk about a strike. Nobody wants a strike. I mean the most important thing we do is to continue to improve the competitiveness of the business, and that's what we're absolutely focused on.
Alan Mulally: No, we can't, Jamie, the most important thing is we look at all the elements of the business and what it would mean. But I'm just absolutely confident that these issues are really important, and we're going to get to a resolution that continues to move the United States forward, but we'll monitor it carefully. We'll look at all the parts of the business and we'll move decisively, depending on what happens, just like we have on everything else that we've faced over the last 5 years, as you well know, is that we just monitor the situation so carefully and then we move decisively.
Lewis Booth: No. No updates, Brian. It's -- and I think the only thing we're paying a bit more expressive about it is the full quarter.
Lewis Booth: I don't think we're seeing much real pricing in the market. I mean I think most of the pricing we're seeing, as I said, would be equipment we're putting in our vehicles. And you are seeing some mix effect within the mix. We see some series mix improvements in North America on our smaller cars, as we improve our series mix, move us towards more profitable entities within the vehicle line. But we're not -- but truly, most of our pricing is because of the improved equipment of the vehicles.
Lewis Booth: Yes, I mean that was why we sort of phrased it that way, this pricing and to a certain extent, share improvements, doesn't come for free. As it comes with improving our products. So we're getting better pricing for them and giving some share gains.
Lewis Booth: No, no. We don't anticipate a significant amount about or more than 50% of all our commodity of course are locked into our contracts and for steel, it's like 70% or 80%. So I think, you'll still see us in the next couple of quarters sharing commodity cost increase and we're still guiding it, about $2 billion.
Lewis Booth: Well, a couple of things, one, it won't be a significant contributor to our business, but it will be in the latter part of the planning period. I think you have to remember in China, our business is done in joint ventures, so we only need to see the equity share of the profits from the China business. So China won't be quite as big a number as you'd like to see because it's going to be an equity share rather than a wholly-owned subsidiary-type share. And I think, you can understand I'm not going to give you specific guidance on absolute profits.
Lewis Booth: I'm just trying to follow your math. We're not expecting the run rate to drop that significantly. But our guidance on the profit effect hasn't changed, but I'm not sure we guided to $1.9 billion. We guided to $1.1 billion.
Lewis Booth: Yes, 2 factors. One, the underlying demand is still growing a little bit, slower than any of us hoped as we have come from the reception -- the recession, but about on track with where we expected. And so that's the first, and we still see some modest underlying growth and I think the second thing is, as demand -- demand is there and as supply becomes available following on from the Japanese disaster we expect to see some buffer in the third and fourth quarter with that supply coming on stream. So we told you at the end of the first quarter that we felt towards the bottom end of the range. It's more likely now, whereas, perhaps in the middle of the first quarter we were thinking that the top end was more likely. So we've assumed, we've indicated we think the bottom end of the range is more likely. The other encouraging thing is we have seen fuel pricing moderate somewhat in the last couple of months, and that's also helping customers feel a little bit more confident about buying.
Lewis Booth: John, we are saying to continue to expect to have positive cash flow in the second half. But you're right, profits will be low, we guided for the normal seasonal reasons, we expect profits to be a bit lower. And the second thing is our CapEx lines of $5 billion to $5.5 billion is back-end loaded. We went through $2 billion of CapEx in the first half, so I think you can see both those factors will make the second half, not quite as productive from a cash flow point of view as the first half. We know we have an extremely strong focus on cash, and that's enabled us to make these extraordinary improvements on our balance sheet, and that focus hasn't changed.
Lewis Booth: Well, it's primarily driven by great products, I mean actually a whole underlying business is driven by continuing to launch great products. I think we could conclude in the second quarter that there was in a supply constrained environment, there was some favorable market factors. But we expect that to even not prevail in the second half as supply becomes more readily available.
Lewis Booth: I think we'll tell you about next year, when we get a bit close to seeing the industry recover. Our guidance for this year for both total Automotive and for North America is to equal or improve versus last year, and I think we'll just stick with that for now.
Lewis Booth: Aside from this one, there's a little bit of currency, excluding currencies probably about flat. So I think we're at the bottom of the nadir of the way we have been reducing our receivables, primarily because of the roll off of the premium brands in the Jaguar Land Rover, Volvo and Mazda, and then now any about I think from memory it's 3% of the managed receivables. So we would expect as that roll-off finishes and as the business starts, the industry start improving and you've seen our volumes improve that managed receivables will start going up towards the back end of this year and then continue up as we described in our mid-decade outlook. Our buying policies with our customers haven't changed with, in if you want to buy a Ford car, come to a Ford show and a Ford Credit team is ready to finance it. Risk profile hasn't changed. The way we're managing our business hasn't changed.
Lewis Booth: No, we're really talking about -- we're not talking business mix there, we're talking about product line and series mix. And there's a couple of -- there's several things going on there. First of all in North America, we're seeing a shift towards our cars, as our cars are increasingly competitive and that's adverse product line mix. But within our cars, we're seeing positive series mix. We're also seeing a little bit of negative mix around some of the adoption of our higher fuel economy vehicles we're working on. And then there's a negative effect in Europe on series mix as Fiesta ages a little bit and the high series mix has just weakened a little bit. Offsetting Europe by strong positive product line mix on the new Focus and the new C-MAX. So there's a sort of in the sum of all the other things, and if you go to individual business unit slides, you'll see that in some business units, mix is negative, and in some business units, mix is positive. And it's a combination of all of those factors. I mean Focus, Focus in our product line mix numbers, Focus dominates. And obviously, it's great news in Europe because we're moving mix. As we said, we'd move to towards the C-class away from B-class, cause our C-class cars are now, brand new and very, very competitive with Focus and C-MAX. And in Europe -- in North America, there's negative product line mix because we're selling more cars, which is what we wanted to do. But cars that have a negative margin effect compared to trucks -- a negative profit effect compared to trucks.
Lewis Booth: Again, it's really in North America is Focus because we didn't start releasing Focuses until very close to the end of the first quarter. And we've essentially shipped most of the old Focus by very early in the first quarter. So you're right on Focuses on the first quarter, and either the cars got off to a great start in the second quarter, and that's why you see a slight drop down as you commented on.
Lewis Booth: Well, it's certainly -- repeating the guidance on share, we expect to -- improve compared to last year. It's really hard. And I think, essentially buying or selling on just how much was the effect of the Japanese. We honestly couldn't follow up the increased demand for small cars during the second quarter because we are flat out on Fiesta and we are flat out on Focus. So there's a lot of what ifs, if we've had a bit more supply available but...
Lewis Booth: So to start off, I realize that as a category it's sad to describe it as a drag, but actually the underlying pieces of the business have great products. You'll get great revenues and you'll have customers coming to shows to buy the cars rather than selling more price. I mean that's -- the underlying thesis of the recovery of Ford is to have great products in all segments. So but as I said earlier on, this stuff doesn't come for free. The only way you can have great products is to have some additional costs, essentially with improve future levels, improved equipment levels. But we're getting rewarded for that by improved market share and improved price position. I think over time, we'll continue to -- we're in a, I feel like, an expensive period because we're moving to global products and to big upgrades, and particularly in North America. And you've seen those big upgrades last generation of Focus to this generation of Focus. There's a substantial change in our positioning in the vehicle and the price position of the vehicle. Over time, I think that may moderate a little bit, but you will not see us backing away from world-class products getting world-class revenues because we tried doing it the other way and it doesn't work.
Lewis Booth: Yes, we don't typically comment on the pension performance during the year, so I don't have an update for that. No specific comments about how we came to the term loan. We still -- we told you that mid-decade, we'd like to have about $10 billion of debt on the balance sheet. We've been paying close attention to the balance sheet in the last 6 quarters. I think you can expect us to continue to look for opportunities to improve the business.
Lewis Booth: Yes, I think it's really continuing to get the benefit of investments in making new products. So that's I think what you're seeing. And within the other costs, within manufacturing and engineering, it's roughly half and half volume-related costs in manufacturing and increased engineering for future products. So we're just going to keep, as I said earlier, keep working on new products and expect to get the benefits of it. Because as we described in the mid-decade outlook, within all our cost elements and particularly, our structural cost elements, you hear us talking a lot about growth. But the other thing that we're doing inside the company is working on functional excellence and we expect to continue to see benefits of functional excellence for a couple of reasons. One is as a get we get better at working ONE Ford, the skill teams are getting better at generating efficiencies. And the further we get down the line on global products, the more we're going to see the benefit of scale. And I think that scale -- gives us confidence in the improvements we're going to see in North America, the improvements we're going to see in Europe and then it’s the fundamental basis for getting into Asia.
Lewis Booth: A couple of things, we need to keep the volume change in perspective. In 2010, remember at the end of the first quarter, we've seen continued stronger-than-normal demand in Europe because of scrappage programs, and we've got to a pretty low dealer stock level and we had a big dealer stock build in Europe in the second quarter of last year. As we continue to manage our stocks in Europe to make sure that we keep them in line with demand, we've seen a small stock decrease this year. So there's a big year-over-year dealer stock change and you can see that fold out in the first call we have a box of 184. Second thing in Europe is, I think you're going to see the benefit of new products. One of the reasons you see a pickup in advertising sales promotion is that we still have a revenue gap against the best of our competitors in Europe. I think as our products continue to improve and we got a very fresh product lineup, and you know we've told you that we're going to have I think 20 new products between 2011 and 2013. So I think we're expecting to achieve what we've achieved in the U.S. and the story is very similar. Great products, well-positioned in the market, well-communicated with some of the creative work that Jim Farley's team has done and is now spreading around the world enabling us to close the transaction price gap in Europe against the best of our competitors. And so I see it is a similar story to the one that you're seeing unfolding in the U.S. And we are not backing off the intensity of product renewal in Europe. And it's enabled by the fact that Europe is no longer sitting out, trying to do it all on their own with nobody else sharing it, the way they used to be. Because it's actually all the European products are global products now.
Lewis Booth: Okay. Let me try and answer that. This is Lewis. A couple things. One, we will incur as we've guided, increased structural cost and increased commodity cost in the second half. And I think you can expect to see some increase of material costs as well as we continue to invest in our products. So that guidance is unchanged, $2 billion for the full year, around $2 billion for commodities and around $2 billion for structural cost increase. Second factor affecting the second half versus the first half is Ford Credit. As we've guided the benefits of the very good credit climate and the lease depreciation expense, is reducing during the year and that will continue in the second half compared to the first half. And the third factor is this is a seasonal business. So low the fire [ph] rates will be going up. The production and household rates will not be as high in the second half as they are in the first half for good reasons, planned vacation shutdowns, the Christmas shutdown. And there's one other thing I was going to mention, it's gone. The SAAR rates will reflect that because they are adjusted. Wholesales, we would expect to see lower in the second half compared to the first half or maybe the same on the SAAR rates are higher.
Lewis Booth: I think there are a couple impacts that we can point to. One is on the supply side, we saw some lost units in Asia Pacific, about 14,000 lost units in Asia Pacific, better than what we expected when we talked to you in the end of the first quarter. We have seen some increased cost, the part of development communities have to work hard to revalidate or validate some new parts, some replacement parts. We've had some premium freight. We had parts in the air rather than on the sea to make our pipeline shortages. And any of that sorts of things, maybe not hugely material, but real, nevertheless. And we've seen some series mix weakness on some of our vehicles in North America, where we've been short of some high series navigation units where we have to restrict our series supply a little bit. But I just want to go back to the overall guidance for the year. It was a good second quarter, and we feel on track to beat last year's $8.3 billion pretax profit. So to me, that's significantly in the balance of second quarter was, it wasn't an easy quarter. Economic uncertainty, working our way through the Japanese tsunami issues and we delivered good results. And that's because I think you know our prices now are decisive actions. When we know we've got issues, whether they're internal or external, we respond to them and keep driving the business. And the thing is that's -- for me that's the pleasing thing about our second quarter. This is continued implementation of the ONE Ford plan, whatever the circumstances.
Lewis Booth: No, it isn't seasonal. There's one normal thing and I think there's one thing that's relatively new for Ford. The normal thing is our volumes were up and our volume-related costs and manufacturing went up as a result of that. I think the other thing you're seeing that we've been talking about, we haven't done for some years, and we're now starting to do is investing for the future, investing in growth. And you're seeing us do that in engineering. You see us doing it in advertising and sales promotion. You actually see it in -- when you look at Asia Pacific that, that profitability is impacted by the investments we're making for the future. And that's the new thing for Ford that we are investing in the future. While we have the strong business now, we're investing for the future, where we need to develop the opportunities in the growing markets.
Lewis Booth: Well, I think you're going to sift, I think it's going to depend on the areas that North American volumes got. You're going to see continued increase in the structural cost in North America. We are continuing to work on ensuring our product freshness is amongst the best in the industry and that's going to be true in North America and Europe, as well as Asia Pacific and South America. So I think you're going to see structural cost spread around. I think on the cost base of Asia Pacific, it's going to look a bigger percentage increase. But in terms of incurring structural cost increases, I think you're going to see it spread across the business units.
Lewis Booth: Yes, we're not ready to talk exactly how that is going to reflect our reporting until we've closed the deal. And we'll be ready to talk to you about that in maybe the next call.
Lewis Booth: Okay, on product pricing, on the pricing part, we expect to see continued positive pricing in the second half. I think where you may see some changes versus the second quarter is on incentives because as the supply come towards more normal, maybe increased incentive activity, but I think it's too soon for us to forecast that for sure.
Lewis Booth: No, I don't think so. I mean one of the things we didn't do was stop investing as we went through the worst of times. And I think what you're seeing is continued -- us continuing on that path and increase engineering for more products, keeping our product pipeline fresh because we know how important that is. The volume related costs, I mean, tend to be go with whatever the volume is going to be. And advertisers, sales promotion -- you can say in general, it's specific to the number of launches you have in any one year, but we are doing more to communicate our brand as our products get more and more across the board competitive. So I don't see any particular one-offs.
Lewis Booth: No, I think the pricing is around 2 factors, one is our product strength and second is with continuing to think -- and you can see it in this data that we're managing our production today in line with the demand. In truth, the impact to the Japanese supply constraints is not huge in Europe, not huge in South America. And in the markets where it was most impactful in Asia Pacific, probably the markets that are least -- we participate least. I think in particular, the Japanese market itself. And in China, we've seen our business continue to grow and I think the pricing pressures in China have more to do with the market than specifically to do with Japan. Indeed, the Japanese, aren't particularly a huge force. I mean I think the biggest impact was in the U.S. market because other than obviously Japan itself. But for us, Japan is almost nonmaterial.
Lewis Booth: I think that's a fair question. I think we're not quite ready to answer that yet. Obviously, I think we're all very sensitive to how important liquidity is. And I think, that's going to continue to play heavily in our thinking, particularly, while the economic environment seems a little unsettled. But when we're ready to talk about it, I think we'll -- I think that's the first question for us to answer. I'm looking forward, Rod, I'm looking forward to being able to have that debate, because I think our progress from a very debt-laden balance sheet to where we are now has been dramatic. So I think that conversation is getting closer, and that will be a delight.
Lewis Booth: I think conversations typically amortize it or accrued during the year by quarter. I wouldn't give any guidance on how much and precisely. I'm sorry. On the European guidance, I think we were prepared to set the line to it, we expect to be profitable in the full year in Europe. I think there's a lot to go to, to watch closely in Europe. I'm encouraged by the European team. I think we had a good launch of Focus, a very good launch of C-MAX. We are working as we've told you before, not to chase marginal deals. I don't think you could see that in the underlying performance of Europe. But -- the third quarter is always a bit of a threat in Europe because of the long vacation shutdown periods. But we expect to throttle within full year.
