John Lawler: Yes. So, Adam, we’re going to match demand and capital needed to meet that demand. You know, the first step here is given the flatter growth curve that we’re seeing relative to what the industry expected and we expected, we’ve made this decision to push out 12 billion of capital expenditures, but it doesn’t mean that we’ll actually go ahead and pull the trigger on it if we don’t need to. And we’re going to look at the overall EV business and be balanced about that. There’s a lot that’s going to change between now, in ‘26, and ‘30, and we’re going to adjust appropriately. So, it’s something that’s going to adjust as we move and how that business develops, and we’ll adjust that capital allocation appropriately. And we’ll change our strategy and make different decisions as well. And one of the other things I’d say is that – well, I’ll pass it over to Jim because Jim has something he wants to say.
John Lawler: There’s added costs as you’d expect for the battery and the motors, etc. But if you look at – let’s just take F-Series, for example. If you take the hybrid on average, they have a higher margin than our highest-volume gas versions because of the mix and what we have in the vehicle and the pricing we can get for the hybrid technology and the fuel efficiency that comes along with that. And one of the things we learned about hybrid, because we’re executing very differently than our first-gen hybrids, is we have Pro power on board. We have a lot of other attributes that people are willing to pay for, like F-150 powering a jobsite or your house as back up energy. That’s another advantage of having those batteries that maybe some of our competitors haven’t had the same pricing power. The F-150 now, a hybrid, is up 40% year over year, and we think the new F-150 new hybrid will be 20% mix, and it may be the best-selling hybrid in the United States. So, our hybrid strategy is a little different than our competitors because the work cycle for our products are different, but hybrid has a really big place. We’re trying to challenge ourselves, Adam, to execute hybrids, so they do more than just propel the vehicle for pricing power.
John Lawler: Yes. So, Adam, that’s exactly right. One of the things we’re – sorry, John. One of the things we’re seeing is that it’s not just the quality issues which are an important piece of this, and I think Jim wants to comment on that. But we’re also seeing tremendous inflation from the dealers on the repair costs. And that’s driving quite a bit of it. If you look at the increase that we had in the quarter for the warranty on a year over year, the 1.2 billion, and say that about 300 million of that was inflationary costs and roughly 900 million was the issue with warranties. So, that’s what we’re seeing there. And the issue around the quality that’s something that Jim’s going to be going to cover here.
John Lawler: Yes. Maybe I’ll start, Jim, and then hand it over to you. What I would say is that there’s a real focus now in the company, and Jim mentioned it in his remarks, around excellence and delivering, right, execution. When you look at the real fundamental issues that we’ve had across the industrial platform, it’s the way we work together, our focus of the work, and the structure of the work, and there have been those that have thought this has been an issue for years and others that haven’t. And I think we’re finally starting – not finally, as a team, we are coalesced around those root cause issues. We have great new talent in the company, Liz Door, from a supply chain standpoint, her domain expertise is outstanding. Bryce Currie from a manufacturing standpoint, outstanding. And then in addition to having Doug, bringing Kumar back into the fold, who grew up in the system as a design and release engineer and understands the Ford system and understands the air states really well, having them all together now driving this foundational change is important. And as Jim said, it’s the area under the iceberg, right? It’s what’s under the water, and it’s the most important piece of it. And the progress isn’t showing up as quickly as we would like in the part you see above the water, but the change is being driven below the water. And it’s the same root cause issues that are driving the quality problems, as well as the cost structure issues. And it’s the material cost at about 4 billion, and now we have warranties about 2 billion, and then you have manufacturing, etc., in there. And so, it’s the talent. It’s what we’re attacking. It’s the relentless focus on excellence, and it’s the way we’re working together as a team to go after these issues. And having the new team in place and having the new talent in place and watching what they’re going after and how they’re working together as an integrated team is what we need to get this done.
John Lawler: I think it’s different for each of the business segments, right? We’re continuing to see incredible downward pressure on pricing this year on the EVs, right? But Pro, really strong pricing power right now. As Jim mentioned in his prepared remarks, we’ve got really good strength in the orders coming in for the model year. You know, we’re a good ways through the model year, and the pricing is held. And then when you look at the fresh lineup we have on Blue, we’re continuing to see the pricing hold for the most part. Now, are we starting to see that there’s some pressure on pricing? Sure. And we said there would be, but it’s been more resilient than we thought this year. That’s for sure, especially through the third quarter. But affordability, we’ve talked about this before. Affordability is an issue. Right now, it takes a consumer about 14% of their monthly disposable income for a vehicle. Pre COVID and pre the inflation that we’ve seen, it was about 13%. So, we think it’s going to revert back to that, and then we think it’s going to happen over the next 12 to 18 months. And so, to do that, it would be about a net price reduction of $1,800. But we also believe that part of that’s going to come through the OEMs in lower prices. But it’s also going to come through dealer margins because dealers are still transacting at a much higher percent of MSRP than they have in the past. And so, it’s going to be both of those. Now, we expected some of that to occur throughout the year. So far, it hasn’t much. And so, I think you’re going to start to see that come through as we move into next year.
John Lawler: Yes, Rod, John. Exactly. If you look at our three-row SUV, the way we thought about that, our Gen 2 product was it’s going to have the exterior of size of an Explorer and the interior space of an Expedition. And so, when we looked at that and setting the targets for the team in 2026, we said, well, you should – we should start out with a revenue assumption that it will be priced on an ICE –as an ICE would be between those two to vehicles. And so, that’s how we set up the affordable targets that we gave the team to design to. And a lot has changed, but the team is working diligently to try to deliver that. And we are continuing to see pricing pressure in the EV segment, but right now, there’s still a premium to gas in many areas. So, I think what you’re going to find is, over time, that premium is going to reduce as we move forward. And that’s what we’re trying – we have built into our planning assumptions for our second-generation vehicle and then as well for our third-generation vehicle, that you’re going to see another step down on pricing so that these vehicles are affordable. And that’s all setting up our cost structure that we’re targeting and going after, which was the basis of setting our 8% margin.
John Lawler: Yes, that is the target that the team is going after. There’s a lot that has changed, as you know, and the team is working through that. The key three elements Jim went over is most importantly, the size of the battery, the efficiencies of watts needed to move the vehicle, the vertical integration, the partnering on what we would say are commodity parts of the business, things that aren’t differentiating for additional opportunity there, the scaling and using the capabilities of the vehicle as we build out the manufacturing facilities to be as lean as efficient as possible. And the team is pushing hard to get every save that we can through there to build out our Gen 2 vehicles that are profitable and deliver ultimately the 8% target that we’ve set for them.
John Lawler: Yes. So, we’re continuing to move forward with the vertical integration on the battery itself, working on cell design. We’re working on the chemistries. As we said, we have no real change to what we’ve put out forward before on BlueOval Park battery plant here in Michigan. But LFP is definitely going to be part of our future EVs, and that is a very important cost-reduction step in our path for the Gen 2 vehicles. So, it’s a combination of all of that. It’s a combination of the battery size and the efficiency of the vehicle to get the lowest watts possible to hit the ranges that we’re looking to hit. It’s the vertical integration across the vehicle, the vertical integration across the battery, and then as well as the chemistries. And all of that comes together to drive the cost reductions we need and the team is working toward is that part of the vehicle’s target.
John Lawler: So, you’re right, a manual step function change is going to be on the Gen 2s where we’ll have more degrees of freedom to make the types of changes I just talked about. On the Gen 1s, we’ve seen the price come down much quicker than we had expected, of course, and that’s showing up in our results. We’re continuing to work very diligently on additional cost and design reductions on the Gen 1 products, and the team is also working very diligently to minimize the impact of the lower prices in the near term, in the next couple of years before Gen 2 comes out. And so, it’s going to be a battle between managing the top line as best we can, adjusting the supply of products relative to demand so that we can balance the pricing from that standpoint and then working like crazy to put whatever cost reductions we can on that Gen 1 vehicle through to the bottom line. So, I think it’s going to be in the near term, it’s going to continue to be just that. It’s going to continue to be quarter to quarter. And the team working very diligently to hold as much revenue as we can and bring as much cost reduction through the product as we can.
John Lawler: Yes. So, when you look at Pro the volume was down a bit. Part of that was we had some disruptions or hiccups from some suppliers which cost us to lose some F-150 commercial volume in the quarter. We had normal seasonality as well like on motorhomes and things like that. And then when you look at Ranger in Europe, that was down a bit still because of the ramp that we have going on on the new Ranger. And then there was a little bit of improvement with Super Duty. So, I think you saw some seasonality. You saw some fluctuations due to some supplier constraints and some missed volume in the quarter. And then, of course we continue to see the strength of the pricing on Super Duty, which is showing up with the higher revenues, yet the volumes were down a bit. So, overall, I think it’s not that we’re seeing a significant reduction in the demand for our Pro vehicles. We’re not. The order bank is very robust. We have a lot of demand for the model year, and I think Europe Pro is going to continue to be performing at a high level as we move forward here.
Jim Farley: Hey, Adam, thank you for your question. I just want to emphasize the importance of our Gen 2 and Gen 3 products because they’re very transformation in our profitability in EV. You know, we’ve learned a lot in Gen 1. We’ve reduced the material costs. We’ve got the learning loop on the software. We learned how to scale batteries. We have the LFP battery now. We’re starting to ship to customers, but there’s only so much we can do on Gen 1. On Gen 2, I said – as I said, we have a totally different approach from aero vertical integration designed for manufacturability. And there’s a lot of other things we can do beyond allocating less capital to battery plants, for example. We’ve learned a lot about derivatives like rally. We’re going to push services a lot more like Level 2+, Level 3 autonomy. And we really plan on even redesign or improving the scale of a components by working with other companies. And the other big breakthrough is going to be which we’re designing in parallel the Gen 3 products where we use the battery as a structural member of the vehicle. We go to low-cost sourcing, go to smaller vehicles. We maximize unit casting even more than we are and radical cost reduction in our distribution. I think the other thing that’s important to understand about Ford’s strategy on EVs is Pro. We actually followed a very different strategy for Pro using a multi-energy platform. So, we didn’t bet on pure electric vehicles for Transit, for example, and we’re now launching the Transit Custom in Europe, and that has diesel gas, and it will have eventually hybrid and pure electric. That’s a very different bet in our Pro. We’re even starting to export Pro vehicles from China to develop markets around the world that are pure electric. And that part won’t change our product strategy.
Jim Farley: Hey, John, again, thanks for your question. I want to slow it down a little bit and explain kind of our operational headwinds, not just quality but cost as well, and give a little bit of context and maybe highlight some of the stuff we’ve done but the work we have to do. A couple of years ago, when we started as a management team, the team that’s doing cost and quality is same team, and we have a lot of revenue power in the company. But we also have a lot of technology, and that technology that we rolled out like cameras before our competitors, it puts a huge burden on that electric architecture with a lot of extra modules and software. We definitely had the largest complexity customer-facing of any brand, and we also ran the business on products instead of platforms and systems. Our engineers and supply chain team did not have competitive tools like IT systems and parts release IT. We weren’t cooperating with the suppliers the right way on cost reduction. We kind of negotiated them every year, but we weren’t really getting into redesigning the parts and getting the complexity out of the suppliers’ manufacturing system. We didn’t really use a lot of strategic sourcing. So, we had a lot of concentration, our suppliers, and lack of leverage. We had inconsistent application within our manufacturing system for our QOS. So, some plants were fantastic like in China and Mexico. All the plants were completely uncompetitive and run differently. And we traveled hopefully on a lot of the launches. The gateways, we would have some issues, and the team had, kind of a hero mentality to try to close them out at the end of the launch, and we would get in trouble. I’m really proud of the progress we made like in the last 18 months, but it’s maybe just the tip above the water and the low-lying fruit. We now have to get after that systematic issue and those issues that I mentioned. On complexity, we have reduced the new F-Series from 1.4 billion combinations to less than 1,000. And on our new SUVs, we reduced the customer-facing complexity by over 90%. Our QOS execution is getting better. We’re about 10% improvement in our problems at three months in service, which is a lot of progress for North America. So, the initial quality is getting better. We now have the talent, both the expertise but also the execution talent. We’re now starting to strategically source our EV components, which we now can apply to our ICE business. I’m really proud of the launch progress we made. We’re now seeing launch spikes we’ve never seen in a decade at Ford. We are slowing down those launches, and in the case of Super Duty, its cost is $1 billion, but it was the right trade because it prevents a lot of recalls and issues down the road for the company. And we have made progress on material. We have billions of dollars of opportunity next year, but we have to deliver and release the parts, and I’m very confident that Kumar’s new organization will be able to really get after the part of the iceberg that’s below the water. That’s been a problem at Ford for decades. Thank you for asking your question, and I just wanted to take a little extra time to give the full context.
Jim Farley: Yes, got it. So, things are changing. You know, EVs are still in high demand. It’s just, as you said, the pricing is much lower, and there’s a lot of overcapacity in the middle of the market. For us, I think we’re – our EV strategy and our ICE strategy is to go after customers we know really well. And so, on our ICE and hybrids, very much of a loyalty target. And in the case of EVs, many of the same segments, but a conquest strategy. And I would say we feel very confident on that strategy because Ford is – has a great reputation in those segments like full-size truck or pickups or vans, commercial vehicles or three-row crossovers, but our products are not substitutional because the customers who we’re going after are different, but they are the same segment. So, we know the use cycle really well, but the innovation will be pointing in different things. The F-150, I think, is probably the best example at Ford because we have world-class ICE. We have a hybrid that’ll probably be 20% mix. And then we have lightning and the next-generation lightning that we’re working on right now. And when you compare the ICE, the hybrid F-150 to the EV F-150, you will be surprised at how much more conquest the vehicle is executed. And we believe that innovation will give us pricing power for those EV conquest customers. The first generation has helped us there, but I think that’s our strategy. As far as the changeability of that strategy or flexibility, we certainly have choice, but as John mentioned, we’re really flexing the capital and the timing of the capital, especially around battery plants and overall manufacturing capacity. So, we’re not changing the product strategy, but we are flexing, and that’s our bet, is that we will flex the capacity. From a product planning standpoint, we’ve made, I think, really good bets on the ICE and HEV side in case the EV market is not as fast as we thought. We have affordable Mavericks. We have a strong international business now with Ranger and Everest. Those markets won’t go EV anytime soon. And the markets where we’re in, like F-150, Super Duty Pro, they’re not duty cycles that are going to go EV, and we have really fresh product. So, our bet is maybe different than others who just said, look, we’re going to get rid of an ICE Explorer and go to an EV Explorer. That’s not our strategy.
Jim Farley: And I would just complement that in two ways. On quality, our real test for our commitment, talent, all things that John talked about came together in the launches of our most important products like Super Duty. And I am so confident in our tackling these systemic issues because of what happened on our recent launches. The team doubled down on testing. They did the extra work on supplier quality and readiness in the factory and really tested the vehicle for failure. And we did something that Ford maybe hasn’t done in the past. We held the vehicle until it was right. And in the case of Super Duty, that was $1 billion-plus decision. And that was proof to me this team understands that quality is our top priority. That message was sent throughout the company. Everyone got the memo. On cost, on EV, I’m encouraged because we’re designing from scratch, and a lot of the talent we brought in approaches that cost is a pride point for them in designing it in. The real test for us as a leadership team beyond quality is going to be bringing our material cost and negotiated parts price cost down on our carryover ICE vehicles. That is going to be the test, and we believe we have more than $1 billion of ideas already in the hopper for this year, for 2024. And we got to deliver it on those ideas. They’ll test our standards from rust protection and NHV. They’re going to test our standards. They’re going to test our parts release process. It’s going to be – but it’s us to execute.
