Lewis Booth: I wouldn’t describe it as a normal cost creep. We’ve previously talked, Himanshu, about the seasonality of our business and we’ve typically seen some structural cost increase in the fourth quarter, mostly associated with launch. We were seeing increases in manufacturing operations specifically to do with large launches we’ve got going on of Explorer, new power trains for F-Series, and the Global Focus. A little bit of engineering expense, which I think you will see continuing because that is a deliberate effort to increase our engineering expense as our revenues grow; and then some fixed marketing in the fourth quarter associated with the product launches we had.  So the only thing I’d say is an indicator of a specific trend is a small increase in product development expense, which we’ve committed to as our business continues to improve. We’re investing in more products, and we’ve indicated in 2011 that we expect to grow our profits and also that we expect to see our structural costs increase a little bit, and that’s going to be associated with our growth.
Lewis Booth: I’m not sure you’ll see a perfect offset next year because we have a lot of new product actions in the year, you know, on some very, very high volume products, C-Max and Focus in particular. So I don’t think it will be quite so perfect because we also expect to see continued pressure on commodities as the global economy improves. 
Lewis Booth: There aren’t any funny leads and lags in commodities. It tends to be as incurred, and I think we can expect to see it happening during the year across the range of commodities. I’m sorry; I’ve just forgotten the second part of your question, Brian.
Lewis Booth: Well we don’t talk specifically about our agreements with suppliers, and at the end of the day our pricing strategies are driven by our customers and the strength of our product. So I wouldn’t think of the two as directly related. We certainly (inaudible) pricing strategy around an expectation of commodities.
Lewis Booth: Well, over time as we steadily increase our CAPEX, you can expect to see depreciation and amortization levels increase, and we’re guiding on quite a significant CAPEX increase for next year as we go forward because as we grow the business in all the regions, not just in the growth regions, we’re increasing our spending and you’re going to see increased depreciation and amortization. You know, the factory efficiency piece is—that’s episodic around specific vehicle launches. We have continued emphasis on improved productivity across all parts of the business. You’re seeing it in CAPEX where this year you’ve seen our CAPEX drift down a little bit with no changes to our product plans and no change in timing. You’re seeing improved engineering efficiency out of (inaudible) really sharp actions to continue to be best in class in terms of engineering efficiency; and you can see it in all the plants working on steadily improving their overall efficiency. So any efficiency action is specific—any sort of loss of efficiency is specific to the rate of climb of a product launch.
Lewis Booth: Hold on just one moment. I’d lost my place when you were asking the question. Be with you in just one second. Yeah, there is the effect of the finance receivables as you see a timing difference, with good news in the fourth quarter and then it comes back out again in the first quarter of next year, and that’s something we’ve discussed before. I guess, Brian. and actually Himanshu as well, I just want to comment – you both asked us about our costs and we’ve talked about our costs, but I think we should also emphasize that we’re expecting our operating margins to be equal or improved next year, including - as I said at our meeting at the show a couple of weeks ago - including equal in North America.
Lewis Booth: Yeah, I think that’s exactly what we’re trying to achieve. Over time we’ll—and that’s one of the ways we’re achieving engineering efficiency. Over time, we will be doing the same amount or a bit more engineering and getting more products out of it. That will improve our engineering efficiency. It will improve our material cost improvements. It will help the manufacturing teams achieve their efficiency levels. So yeah, the whole purpose of the drive to achieve common products in the regions where customers want those products is to get that leverage. And we’ve talked about 2 million-plus C-cars based on the C1 platform; but we’ve also talked now about the same happening on V-car as we see really small car volumes expanding around the world.
Lewis Booth: No, I think you need to remember what 2009 was like in the fourth quarter. We’d sold out our—we’d had this fantastic program, Cash for Clunkers, sold out our dealer stocks to a very low level. So in the fourth quarter we rebuilt our dealer stocks. Mark and his team have done a really nice job almost every quarter this year within about 10,000 units of building what they were selling, so we’ve kept stocks under control. They are up a little bit but tight on base supply. So think of it as a 2009 stock build that didn’t recur.
Lewis Booth: It was a factor. We typically don’t talk about the cost of field service actions. It’s something we’re doing for our customers, and it is a factor both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. 
Lewis Booth: Yeah, we announced it—a field service action with repairing Windstars, and we announced it yesterday.
Lewis Booth: It was a positive factor on the revenue in the fourth quarter, which explains why the revenue looks a bit out of kilter with the volume. And for those rental cars that we sell to rental companies but then repurchase at the end of the period and sell as a used vehicle, we book the wholesale at the time the new car is sold to the rental company. In the period the unit is owned, we have a sort of write-off during the period of the profits and the cost, and then at the end of the period we reflect the revenue of the used car when we sell it as a used car. So you have—and a lot of rental fleets, they increase their fleets early on in the year and then they de-fleet in the fourth quarter. It was a particularly exaggerated effect this year and we saw a significant revenue increase, and we’re just trying to explain to you why the revenue looked a bit higher than you’d expect it.
Lewis Booth: You can get—I think your math wouldn’t be a long way away. I don’t think there’s anything funny about the math.
Lewis Booth: Yeah, okay. On the first item, we said a moderate increase. On the tax issue, we said that we expect there’s a good chance that we’ll be writing back the valuation allowance in the second half, but that will result in a full-year tax effect. And I think 30% is too low. We’re thinking close to 35.
Lewis Booth: For tax payments. Because it ends up as an annualized rate, Chris. It doesn’t end up just for the second half.
Lewis Booth: No, we’ll have to wait until the circumstances are appropriate to write back the valuation allowance. But, you know, and just a reminder – it’s book, not cash.
Lewis Booth: Well, it’s not all around the balance sheet. There’s other exchange rate effects in there. I’m sorry, I’m just seeing—I’ve missed the year out. I think it’s ’09 over ’08 was the issue, not ’10 versus ’09; because I think the bad news in ’09 was actually a reversal of good news in ’08, so I’m sorry. I’ve just got myself a little bit confused. So that issue was cleared up in ’09, so it’s not an issue in ’10. And I think I’ve explained the cost increase. We always have some seasonality. We have some—it’s higher in this fourth quarter than it was last fourth quarter. We had a couple of one-time actions. We did have the field service action, and we have had more launch activity. And that’s about as much detail as I want to go into.
Lewis Booth: No, we’re working our way through this and managing it. There are one or two areas where we’ve had specific problems. It’s not a generalized problem at all, and we’ll continue to work with our suppliers to both keep our costs competitive and keep supply in the plants.
Lewis Booth: Yes, we’ve guided that we expect all the regions to be profitable for the full year next year, and that includes Europe. In terms of—I mean, I think 2011 is a stunning year for the North American team, so we’ll have—you know, we’ve got the Explorer which is off to a great start. We’ve got the new engines in the F-150, all of which have great fuel economy which is what the customer’s looking for. We have a full year of Fiesta, and it’s just getting stronger and stronger. We’re going to have a full year of the Edge and MKX, and then I think the real exciting thing is we’re going to have close to a full year with the brand-new Focus. And I don’t know if you’ve been reading the press on the new Focus. Both U.S. and European press is just—we’re very, very excited by reactions; and as customers saw it at the motor show, we also got some of the customer reaction.
Lewis Booth: I’m trying to keep these in order in my mind. If you had a look at Slide 14, the dealer stock change in 2009 was 69,000 units increase, and that was explicitly to rebuild dealer stocks as a result of the sell-down in the third quarter for Cash for Clunkers. I think every quarter this year you’ve seen dealer stock changes plus or minus 10,000 units as Mark and his team have worked really hard to keep stocks under control and only build when there’s demand. And it’s not just Mark; it’s true in all the regions. I think our stocks are well under control in Europe; they’re well under control in the Americas, well under control in Asia Pacific. So I don’t expect to see a wild stock variation as an issue going forward. I’m sorry I interrupted you.
Lewis Booth: Let me just—while we’re on the call, let me just add one comment because we’re doing a bit of detail here. I think a couple of things we’ve said very clearly in the call – we’ve said in the earnings that we’re expecting next year to be improved in both profits and in cash flow. I think the other thing that we’ve really worked hard on this year, and I hope we’ve left it clear in your minds that we’re going to continue to work on, is we’ve made a real improvement in our balance sheet. You know, to take out $14.5 billion of debt this year, I think—and we can only do that because of the way the operations have been working really hard on generating cash. And I think the fourth quarter had some seasonality issues and then some specifically associated with the new product launches, but we’re not giving you any indication that we think the fourth quarter is a change in our running rate.
Lewis Booth: Adam, for us – and we’ll do a better a job; we’re doing a better job now, and we’ll continue to do a better job. We gave pretty clear guidance that we were going to have some cost increases in the fourth quarter, and perhaps we didn’t manage to make that as clear as we would have done. We’re clearly disappointed we guided that Europe was going to be profitable and we failed to achieve that. But we’re doing the right thing in Europe. We’re not chasing market share because, again, you’ve seen us try that in the past and that’s not the right thing to do. As we go into 2011, we have this unrelenting focus on improving the competitiveness, not just of Europe. But you know, there’s no relaxation going on in the Americas and there’s no relaxation going on in Asia.  Every business unit has different opportunities, and clearly growth is an opportunity in actually most of the world at the moment. So yeah, we recognize that we missed versus people’s expectations, but we also will continue to try to do a better job on making people understand what the outlook is rather than what, perhaps, the analysts cut it up to.
Lewis Booth: Well, it won’t be bespoke because of (inaudible) but we’ll make sure that we can explain it to people with a bit more clarity. Okay. 
Alan Mulally: And John, I’d extend that on the revenue side too, and just building on the example of the Focus – 10 different top hats off that new C1 platform with 80% of the parts the same customized for the unique taste. And so I think we’ll see the leverage on the revenue side in addition to not only development on the efficiency side but the fundamental cost.John Murphy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. And then just a second question on priority for cash as you start generating cash in 2011. Lewis, you seemed to highlight that you weren’t going to make any big contributions to the pension plan that would be aimed at prefunding it very quickly. Do you—I mean, how you do think about that in context as far as putting these discretionary pension contributions into the pension plan to top it up versus debt pay down versus potential share buybacks and dividends and returning that capital to shareholders? Is this the kind of thing that’s going to stay in this 1 to 2 billion range and you’ll be able to keep it there and then pay cash out to shareholders? I’m just trying to understand the priorities there.
Alan Mulally: Well first of all, good morning. It’s been an important objective for us, and clearly we’re very pleased with the progress we made in 2010 by repaying 14.5 billion of the debt. Clearly we see debt in our balance sheet going forward, but it still is a priority to continue to improve the balance sheet, that the most important thing, I think, that this last year shows is that our focus on leading with the strength of our product line and continuing to improve our fundamental efficiency and free cash flow is allowing us more options now to not only invest in the product but also to improve the balance sheet. So it will continue to be a priority for us, and that’s why the guidance for next year that we’re going to increase our profitability and our free cash flow, just further gives us the chance to accelerate our fundamental business performance.
Alan Mulally: We’re not going to share the specific dates, but clearly we’re moving very well towards that objective.
Alan Mulally: We sure don’t, Tom, but your question is really an important one, and we moved decisively to act on that this last year, especially the second half. But clearly what has happened in Europe is that as we went through this recession, the European auto industry didn’t take out as much capacity as probably was needed, as we did clearly in the United States. And then with the scrappage program, the volumes were up; and so you move into the end of the scrappage programming and through 2010, we clearly had overcapacity; and we had some pretty irrational economic behavior by some of the competitors.  Clearly what we’re seeing, though, as the global competitiveness increases is that the behaviors we think are going to continue to operate on profitably growing the businesses and making good business decisions. But clearly we had to deal with that this last half of the year, and we did make the decision consciously to not chase the low margin business and ruin the value in these fabulous vehicles. And also in our case, Tom, as you know, with all of our new vehicles that we have and especially moving into some of the bigger segments, we have a real chance to grow the business in Europe. So I don’t think that behavior’s going to continue, and I think we’re well positioned with our new products and the recovery in the fundamental market to continue to operate profitably and grow in Europe.Tom Walsh – Detroit Free Press: Okay, thanks.
Alan Mulally: It’s mainly on the raw materials themselves that are—where the demand has continued to grow worldwide.
Alan Mulally: Yes, we’ve taken, of course, a lot of factors because everybody is a little bit different. But clearly our focus is having not only a competitive base structure, wages and benefits, but also being competitive on sharing the upside for all the great work. And we really believe that what we announced today is very competitive and we’re very pleased for everybody to participate.Brent Snavely – Detroit Free Press: Great, thank you.
Alan Mulally: Well, I think the learning of it, I don’t think so much of it as the blame, Phil, but I sure understand your question. And I think it just—it’s almost invigorating to us, I’d say, or motivating to further help people really understand where we’re going in the future. And I think we felt like we provided some very good information on the fourth quarter. Also we were a little disappointed, but we did the right thing on the European call, as you know, because we did give guidance that we believed we were going to be profitable in Europe in the fourth quarter. But clearly as that situation unfolded, we chose to act on that decisively and not discount our vehicles and chase marginal business to maintain the value of the products. So we did make that call consciously. On the stocks, I think that was another big one because we had a tremendous improvement in our stocks a year ago that did not recur this year, so I think people were—we could have communicated maybe a little bit better on that.  Then the fundamentals of the seasonality and also we chose to invest even more in our product launches and the advertising and the engineering and the marketing because as we got close to the end of the year, we saw a real opportunity to get these products off to a great start. And I think the foundation that we have in place really leads us, Phil, to deliver on even a better performance in 2011 because based on the strength of these products, including the actions we took in the fourth quarter plus the gradual strength in the economy and our continuing relentless focus on operational excellence with every part of our business, I think we’re going to generate even improved performance overall and profit and free cash flow in 2011. But it’s just a real good learning that we’re going to work even closer to make sure that everybody understands where we are and where we’re going. It’s a great story and we’re going to tell it a little bit better.
Alan Mulally: Well, this is really a neat situation we’re in because clearly what everybody knows now about Ford is that we are committing to profitably grow the company, and this is a new direction for Ford over the recent history and to be able to go through this inflexion point, through the worst recession we’ve ever had – and remember not only did we aggressively restructure to operate profitably but then we accelerated the development of all of our new products that people want and value. So clearly our plan is, and it’s our second consecutive year of increasing market share and our sixth quarter of profitability, is that that essential part of our plan is that not only we’re competitive in every aspect but also we want to share in the profitability. So it’s tied absolutely to the firm’s performance, and I think if we just keep a laser focus on making the best cars and trucks in the world and doing them more efficiently than our competition, that we’ll continue year after year to share in the success of Ford. And that’s what was so significant, I think, for everybody, that not only did we recognize the performance for last year with all of our employees but also we provided guidance that we’re going to improve that performance in 2011. So this is a good thing that we’re profitably growing and we’re sharing in that, because it’s motivating to all of us because we really are creating an exciting, viable, profitably growing Ford, for the good of all of us.
Alan Mulally: Well, the response that we’re getting is that people are very, very pleased with the sharing that we’re doing, and clearly this is very significant. And again, it’s very competitive. We absolutely want to be competitive in every element of our cost structure, including bonuses and incentives for the Company’s performance.
Alan Mulally: Well I think that, as you heard, the conversation we’re having is that at the most fundamental level 2010 was a very, very good year for Ford on growing our business. And we have our seasonal aspects that we talked about in the fourth quarter, and also especially the differences between the fourth quarter of ’09 and the fourth quarter of ’10 that were unique coming off the scrappage program. So I think we’ll get that clarified.  But clearly the real conversation is the guidance that we have provided for the full year of 2011 that we’re going to improve on the performance--this great performance in 2010, we’re going to improve on that in operating profit and operating cash flow, again, based on the strength of our products. All those investments that we actually increased a little bit in the fourth quarter, as we talked about, plus the gradual—
Alan Mulally: We’re not going to comment—we don’t comment on the quarterly going forward, but clearly the most important thing is the year-over-year guidance that we give for 2011,which is very positive.
Adam Jonas – Morgan Stanley: No, that’s very clear. Thanks. Let’s go one at a time. On the number of off-lease vehicles in the fin-co, can you quantify that? You should have pretty good visibility on that volume of off-lease vehicles in ’11 versus ’10, if you can say it now. Otherwise, we can follow up after.
Adam Jonas – Morgan Stanley: Thanks for clarifying that. And if I can just add – you know, with your stock down 9 or 10%, as I’m sure you’re aware, I don’t think anyone doubts your ability to keep growing profit next year. It’s just your first miss versus consensus in two years, and sometimes sectors that can produce six months of share price movements in six weeks can give it up, so it’s just the nature of the game.  Can I just—
Adam Jonas – Morgan Stanley: Thank you, Lewis; and if I can just add, that topic of valuation allowance, if I could just request that perhaps a teach-in or some other bespoke communication to the investment community on the mechanics of that would be very useful, instead of just adding it as an adjunct to your appendix sometime in the second half. Just a suggestion I humbly offer.
