Robert L. Shanks: I sure will. So let's start the financial review here on slide nine by looking at the key financial metrics, both for the company and also the automotive and the financial services sector. Now, because I'm going to cover many of these metrics on subsequent slides, I just want to pull out a few things from this one. First, if I ask you to look at the year-over-year performance in the column to the right, just scan down that column and you can see everything is essentially positive and very, very positive versus a year ago. The one exception is special items. We did not have any special items a year ago. We have two that we are booking in this quarter. The larger of the two was at $186 million; relates to buyouts that were part of the UAW contract that we agreed in the fourth quarter. The remainder of the special items relate to charges associated with our exits from the Japanese and the Indonesian markets. If you go just above that you can see our operating EPS of $0.68. $0.39 better than where we were a year ago, so more than doubling that. And if you go down two lines to after-tax results or net income at $2.5 billion, again we more than doubled that particular metric. What's not shown on the slide is our tax rate that came in at 29.5%, which was lower than what it was a year ago. So with that, let's turn to the next slide and here we'll look at the company results. These are absolutes and we'll look at it by segment. To the far left, you can see the record profit of $3.8 billion. Going right beside that, we've got the North American result, $3.1 billion. Go to the far right, financial services came in very strong at about $0.5 billion, and within that Ford Credit was $514 million. We had the best result in Europe since 2008 at $434 million. We doubled our profit in Asia Pacific at $220 million, and then in South America we had a loss, as expected, and in the Middle East & Africa we fell into a loss driven by largely the external environment exchange. I will talk about that in a bit. And in Other Automotive, that's largely net interest expense. Now when you look at the operations outside of North America, the business units outside North America, we did make a profit there. It was nearly $400 million and that was more than $400 million better than a year ago. All right, let's go to the next slide and we will start going through the details of the automotive sectors starting with the sector itself. These are the key metrics and as you just scan across, you can see all of them very, very strong and all of them improved compared with 2015 first quarter. Starting at the left, we had strong growth in the top line, both wholesales and revenue up double digits. Revenue at constant exchange was actually up 15%. We grew our market share and that was in a global SAAR that also grew up 3%. And that was around North America, Asia Pacific, and Europe. Operating margin was a record at 9.8% up sharply, and then Automotive also set a record at $3.3 billion, again up sharply from where we were a year ago. All right. Let's go to the next slide and we'll look at what was behind the improvement. This is slide 12. A $2 billion improvement and, as you can see, it was driven largely by higher volume, favorable mix, and favorable cost performance, driven by favorable contribution cost. We did have negative net pricing, but within that $548 million decline there was a one-time stock accrual effect that I will talk about in just a minute. That was over $600 million. You will note in the callout box for volume and mix, mix and other we had over $1 billion of good news on product mix. And that was a theme that really drove performance, not only in North America, but also in Europe and in Asia Pacific. All right. Let's go to the next slide. Now we'll start going through the business units with North America. North America, of course, had extraordinary performance and it was very, very strong right across the board, very strong improvement in the top line at over 20%. Revenue about the same, market share was up in a growing industry, both for the region and in the U.S., and that was driven by two things. One, it was in North America, rather in U.S. and that was fleet sales. It was around SUVs, Transit, and F-Series, but also in Canada. We had very strong performance in Canada. We were up 1.5 points of share. That was driven by F-150 and by the Edge. Operating margin at 12.9%, a record, and then the $3.1 billion that we talked about earlier. So really, really strong performance in North America.
Robert L. Shanks: Great, let's go on to the next region, Middle East & Africa. This is a region also that has many, many challenges external deal, geopolitical issues, weak currencies, a number of the markets are major oil producers and so they are suffering, if you will, in terms of the low oil prices. But within that environment the team basically held on wholesales. Revenue was actually flat, excluding exchange. As reported, it was down 9%. We held our own in terms of share and that was in a declining industry. It was down about 7%, 8%. But if you take Iran out, which actually is growing, and we don't participate in Iran, it was down over 20%. In that environment, we did move into a small loss of $14 million and that was largely driven by weakness of the South African Rand. We've got operations in South Africa and adversely impacted by the weakness of that currency. All right, let's go to the next slide and turn to the great story here in Asia Pacific. We had another strong quarter driven by new products. You can see wholesale is up 9%, revenue up 18%, 25% at constant exchange. Here we also grew share in a region that also was growing. The AP SAAR was up over 2 million units, as was China, so strong performance there, it was really driven by the new products that we have introduced. And China was one of the big factors there as well in terms of market contribution to the share. But we saw share improvement in Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, ASEAN, Australia so a lot of good things going on in terms of the market performance across the region. Our operating margin was over 8% and the pre-tax results at $220 million. On the lower right of the slide, slide 20 I'm on – I don't think I mentioned that – you can see the very strong performance we had from our China JVs that came in at $443 million. That was up sharply, over 20%, and they generated a margin of 16.4%. The other good thing about the performance in the region is that we had good news coming from China, but we also had good news coming from the other parts of the region: India, ASEAN, and Australia. So that was very encouraging. Let's go to the next slide, and this is how we got here. It was largely around volume, so industry share and then the favorable mix that I had mentioned earlier. This was again driven by the new products. Edge was one of the big factors, but we saw good news from the Ranger, we saw good news from Mondeo, and a number of other products. So again, a broad-based contribution there.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah. I'll take that, Pat. So if you look at the pricing, you can see we did have strong absolute pricing of about $600 million and that was pretty much, if I take the stock accrual aside, that was pretty much offset by incentives. And again, I think this quarter, in terms of a run rate, is sort of more normal. Last year was the anomaly because of what was going on with the F-Series and the Oakville launch. And I think that really is influencing this because last year we largely did have – while we had the new product, we had very low levels of incentives because of how tight the inventory was at that time. So really what you've got is you've got F-Series, or F-150, which is an important product for us in terms of absolute volume, coming back to more normal levels but still better than our key competitors. So I think that's largely what is at play. We are seeing some benefit from the Edge and the MKX, although again Edge was in the first quarter of performance last year as well. So I don't think you're actually seeing so much in terms of brand-new product in this quarter versus the lack of that product in the year-ago period, which is maybe a little bit unusual in this particular quarter. In terms of the contribution cost, again I think it's the same factor. We didn't have as much in the way of adverse or increased product-related cost, new product cost, because we had F-Series largely in the quarter last year. Not a lot of volume, but it was there. Edge was there. So as a result, what you can see is the great performance the team delivers quarter in and quarter out in terms of material efficiencies flowing through. We also had some good news on – down in that warranty, freight, and other line. A lot of that was freight. We had a lot of premium freight in the quarter a year ago related to some of the launches, and so that's coming through. One thing maybe I'd take the opportunity to answer. I did say, I think it was back at Deutsche Bank, that we didn't think we'd see as much benefit on commodities this year. That clearly has changed based on what's happened subsequently to continued decline in commodities, I think. Last year we'd had, I think, it was $930 million of good news on commodities for the full year. At the moment, it looks like we were tracking to something like that. I still think we'll have a little bit more bad news on exchange this year on a year-over-year basis than we had last year, but the net of the two are still going to be a bit more good news than what we had expected.
Robert L. Shanks: What we really see in the second half is primarily around two other factors. One is normal seasonality. You've got, both here and in Europe – and in fact, in Europe you have more – the summer shutdown weeks. You also have the shutdowns that occur at the end of the year, so it's just normal to have less production, and therefore less wholesales in the second half than in the first half. It was a bit different last year because of the launches, but this is going to be a more normal year. Secondly, we've got the Super Duty launch that I referred to that will take place in the third quarter. While we'll be able to contain that in terms of down weeks within the normal scheduled summer downtime, you still have the launch curve, which is going to take some volume out. Which is one of the reasons why we're a little heavy on Super Duty stock today, because we have to anticipate that, make sure we've got enough inventory to get through that whole launch. So that's a key factor. In terms of tweaking the production for inventory, that's just going to be a normal process. We see ebbs and flows of demand in inventory and we will adjust as we go forward, but it's really those first two factors that are the key ones that are affecting us. There's not just in North America, but particularly in Europe too.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, Ryan. Good morning. I think it's largely the same thing that I said at Let's Chat, which is we would expect to see sort of an adverse year-over-year from lease residuals in most of the quarters that we have ahead of us, if not all of them, although it will start to mitigate as we get towards the end of the year. So we think – and we built that in. As I mentioned in March, we do have an expectation of lower auction values and that's particularly on the car side of the business, but we haven't built that in. I think that will be on a year-over-year basis, the headwind, although again mitigating towards the end of the year. But that will be offset by strong growth of the business, not only in North America, but in other parts of the world as well. So I think that will be an offset. Again, the other thing I should mention is the team is really, really focused on cost performance. Our operating cost performance is the best in the business and that will continue to be something that will keep us lean and mean and enable Ford Credit to continue to generate the types of profitability that it has.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, I think we're going to have a great year in Europe. And as we said, even though we are off to a very good start and I think we're going to continue to have a very good year, our objective is to make Europe a very sustainable and vibrant, profitable part of our business and achieving 6% to 8% operating margin. And that's what we are focusing on. Importantly, as we do it, we are seeing a lot of the things that we've done over the past couple of years pay off. On the cost side, as you know, we reduced our capacities. On the brand side, if you look at, for example, our channel mix in Europe, we're about 6 points above the rest of the industry in terms of channel mix of retail and fleet, which is good business for us. If you look at the investments we've made in our commercial vehicle brand, we are number one, the best-selling commercial vehicle brand. As I mentioned earlier, we're seeing very rich mix in Europe, which I think bodes well, particularly based on the experience we've seen over a period of time here in North America.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, I can't speak to what's being said on the campaign trail. Obviously, we have these trade agreements and I think, as we look at our business, we have made a big commitment obviously here to our facilities here in the U.S. You've seen some of the numbers in terms of backing that up. Not only just the absolute numbers of what, we've invested $10 billion over the last number of years and another $9 billion going forward, of which you saw some of that announced two days ago. But, clearly, we manufacture more vehicles here in the U.S. than any other OEM and employ more people. But at the same time, we are looking at our footprint and we are seeing what does it make sense for our business? And I think we have a good plan going forward to support our growth, despite some of the political campaign chatter right now.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, Rod, I think you kind of touched on a number. When you look at our Super Duty launch, we will have the full benefit of that launch in 2017. Couple of other things, we continue to see here in the U.S. customers migrating from passenger cars into SUVs. And when you look at our lineup and you look at the performance there, we think that continues to bode well for us. I think our work overall, as I mentioned earlier, are really understanding the costs that we're putting into the product to drive mix, will be important. So I would look at it – you could look at it and say, oh my gosh, the second half is going to be weaker and that's going to run into 2017. As we said, this is kind of a normal year in terms of the calendarization of our profits and sales, but the bottom line as we get into 2017, we see continued strength based on the foundational elements of the business: product, brand, and cost.
Robert L. Shanks: In terms of inventory, Rod, as I said back in March, our expectations are that you will continue to see the inventory levels come down, particularly as we get further into the higher selling seasons in the spring and the summer. And then towards the end of the year, we always end strong, usually with the end-of-year sales as well. So I think you'll see us very, very normal by the time we get into the second half of the year in particular. So I don't see anything unusual there at all. We are a bit heavy right now on Super Duty, as I said, and then of course with the very low volume January and February sales months, the visible, if you will, of the day supply look high, but we are actually quite comfortable with where we are. So I don't think you're going to see anything unusual other than what I just mentioned. In terms of the raw materials, I think I mentioned...
Robert L. Shanks: Oh, non-raw materials. I think we have a very strong cost performance across the business this year in North America. You saw the positive news and the same thing with Europe. You will see seasonal cost increases in the second half and I think you'll see some cost increases, for sure, coming from the new Super Duty, which is normal. We'll have the product-related costs that will come through in the second half of the year, which is not unusual in and of itself, but also remember we haven't updated this product in 19 years. So we're going to be coming out with a product that's going to really set the standard and be something that we can sustain over the next 5 to 10 years.
Robert L. Shanks: We will talk more about that when we get to the launch itself. And we've got an Investor Day, which happens to be about the same time, so I think we'll provide more insight and texture at that time.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, I think we'll see very strong results for the course of the year, George, from China. I think the margins, I don't know if they will be at 16%, but they will be double digits. They will be very, very strong. I would suspect. It might be different by quarter because you get calendarization and volatility by quarter, but I think by the time we get to the end of the year, as we have shown in recent years we'll have very, very strong margins. I would add, when you look at that number and you look at the Asia Pacific results, you go what am I missing? The China JVs is not the total China profit for Ford. We incur engineering that we absorb and are reflected in the results for the region that we don't recover from the JVs until we actually start producing the vehicles years later. We're launching Lincoln. We've got other allocated costs that sort of, sit at the regional level that you wouldn't see there. So China very profitable for us and improving year-over-year, but I think you'll kind of, see very strong performance in JVs over the course of the year. How are we offsetting the effect of negative pricing? That's through a lot of cost efficiencies through the business and then we have been benefiting also from the very, very strong mix that we have and I think that will continue through the course of the year.
Robert L. Shanks: Thanks, George. Well, when you look at the issue around the Brexit, obviously the U.K. is a very important market for us and what's important for us as a business is stability, particularly stability in trade, and that's important because that allows us to continue to build a strong business in the U.K, for the over 14,000 folks that are part of the Ford team there. And that's why our position has been that it's beneficial for the U.K. to be part of a single market, a reformed EU. In terms of what may or may not happen, we'll apply the same approach in the U.K. as we do in every other part of the world. Our aim is to keep up our businesses globally competitive. So wherever that referendum comes out, we'll do that.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, again, let me just restate what the guidance says. It's not 9.5%; it's 9.5% or higher. So we do see upside potential from where we were last year and so we just need to let the year play out. We're in the first quarter. There's a lot of moving pieces, a lot of things that we have to manage. We will have, as I mentioned, lower production, which is normal. In the second half, we will have a launch, which will have an effect in the second half with all the benefits to come later, as Mark mentioned. But we think that we'll come in at 9.5% or higher, and I know Joe and the team are working as hard as humanly possible to make sure that we continue to get everything out of that business unit that we can and they certainly did in the first quarter. So we feel super good about where we are in the quarter and we'll have an extremely strong year.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah. I think it is a really good point. That is one of the, sort of, on its own a big profit opportunity for us, when the commodity cycle starts to turn.
Robert L. Shanks: So on the CUVs or SUVs, in terms of flexibility, clearly we've said, for example, we're going to come out with four SUVs in actually new segments over the next number of years. And what we're seeing, Brian, around the world, literally around the world, is this migration from passenger cars to small and medium and large-size SUVs and CUVs. So, clearly, our planning going forward is looking at the marketplace and making sure that we're there for consumers in that. So I think you'll see that here in the U.S. You'll see it in Europe and you will see it in Asia Pacific as well. In terms of your comment of will everybody be going there, well, I think that's the nature of the business right in terms of understanding where consumers are going. And that's why I keep bringing back to our strategy of how we are differentiating ourselves on fuel economy, safety, quality, and smart technology, and using our brand. And if you think about this, Brian, whether it's CUVs or SUVs, this really plays to kind of the sweet spot or really a strength of our brand. And we are seeing it now in our results and I think that will bode well going forward.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, I can't speak to others, but clearly, as I mentioned, when you think about the number of SUVs that we're going to be adding, you could see us do that. With the caveat, our approach as a company is to offer a full lineup of vehicles and that's for a couple of reasons. Obviously, one, to anticipate any changes in customer demand, any changes in the economic environment, or any changes in the regulatory environment.
Robert L. Shanks: I mean, we're not hearing anything above the normal kind of commentary we get from dealers on that, so nothing above the normal.
Robert L. Shanks: For us it's -- we do have what we call the One Ford Lease Strategy, so we've got a lot of analytics behind what we think is the right and appropriate level of lease. We look -- because we are really -- we want to make sure we can support what the market needs, but we also want to make sure that we are managing the concentration of risk. We think that at 26% that will be sort of a high-water mark for us this year. And some of it is seasonal. When you get into the summer selling season, it tends to be much more of a – it's a retail season and it's very much around APRs and that sort of thing. So there is just a natural change that occurs in certain times of the year. But that's one of the reasons why we think when we get to the end of the year we will be at something probably a little above last year, but below where we are right now. And we think that's the right level given where the market is. The other thing I would mention is that, for us, there's a much lower percentage of leasing, in Ford anyway, on Super Duties and F-150s, on trucks, that has not been – that's been generally true across the industry. Although some of our competitors got pretty heavy on that in the first quarter in some of the regions of the country, we didn't participate in that. So I think that's another factor as well. It's just our natural mix of product.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, we think it is sustainable. I don't know if it's going to be sustainable at the margin, because we would expect again going back to what's normal. The second half in Europe is generally not as strong as the first half because of the summer shutdowns and the end of the year shutdowns, that seasonal cost effect that comes into play. But, yeah, we think that we're going to have a good second quarter. We think we'll be profitable throughout the year and we're going to have strong results in Europe. But we do think that there will be a first half stronger than second half story, but it's still going to be a great story all throughout the year for Europe.
Robert L. Shanks: No, I don't think we want to provide a guidance for the full year because we still have a lot of year left in front of us. I think we're just going to continue to manage the production in line with demand. You can see on Appendix A9, the call for the second quarter for North America, 850,000 units, that's up 35,000 from where we were a year ago and pretty much in line with where we were in the first quarter. So, I don't see anything unusual in the year progressing. Again, you'll have lower volume in the second half, for the reasons we've talked about throughout the call, just seasonal and also the effect of the Super Duty launch.
Robert L. Shanks: What I said at the Deutsche Bank conference was that we would have favorable commodities on a year-over-year basis this year versus last year. It just wouldn't be as favorable as what it was in 2015 versus 2014. Getting to the neutral point, that was, the point that I was making was, that we have favorable commodities, not as great as last year, but we'd also have more headwinds from exchange in 2016 than what we saw in 2015. So that was the neutral bit. It was good news commodities would be offset by bad news on exchange. What I said earlier in the call, Joe, is that now we see commodities as being more favorable than what we thought, because the prices have continued to fall. So I think we will see commodities about as much of good news, based on where we are today, as we saw last year, which was over $900 million. But we will still have more bad news on a year-over-year basis from exchange. So the net of those two, while it will be positive, won't be as positive as it was in 2015 versus 2014.
Robert L. Shanks: Certainly the elimination of that drag that we had on pensions, which we were relatively unique compared to our peer set, that certainly helps. But actually what it is, it's our view of what we can get out of the business from a performance standpoint of change. The team has done a really, really good job on all the various aspects of the transformation plan, product, brand, and cost. And we see more potential now in terms of driving the business to the types of margins that we need than where we were perhaps two years ago.
Robert L. Shanks: And I would just add. When we had that conversation in 2014, that was only about two years into the plan. So we didn't fully see the potential that we are now seeing from the business. The aspects of the plan are very much the same. It's just the team is really, really delivering and we see a lot more potential now for Europe than perhaps what we had before.
Robert L. Shanks: The only thing that I will say about the second quarter is we expect it to be strong, but I don't want to get into calling quarters because I'm always wrong. But it will be a strong quarter. The first and second quarter, again going back to this theme around what's normal, they are the stronger quarters of the year. I would expect that to be the case this year. So we'll have a strong second quarter. I won't characterize it any way other than that. And then we'll have the seasonal effect in the second quarter, along with the product launch impact. And then a really, really strong year.
Robert L. Shanks: No, I'm glad you asked that question, because there is actually nothing in the results in any of the business units that you would consider to be unusual. This is really quality earnings right across the board.
Mark Fields: And just some – we've gotten some questions around fleet sales, and Bob mentioned fleet. There's just absolutely no change to our approach in fleet. Fleet is good business for us, including rental, commercial and government sales. We understand these customers real well; their use cases. Rental deliveries, as we've said before, were frontloaded this year. This is primarily due to the model year changeover, which in some of our vehicles was late last year, and based on rental company requests because, keep in mind, rental companies like to purchase their vehicles as close as possible to job one as possible. And for the full year, we expect our rental sales to be about the same as last year with the government and commercial sales up slightly, driven by the availability of the new F-150, because a lot of variants have now come on board. So we have good margins in the fleet business and, as you can see, they contributed nicely to a record performance in the quarter in North America.
Mark Fields: Just a little bit more color on Europe. If you recall, a central part of our European transformation plan that we last launched at the end of 2012 was continuing to invest in our core business of great product. And as you can see from the results here, it's really starting to pay off. Actually our average transaction prices in Europe on a year-over-year basis were up over $1,200 and actually our high series models and sports derivatives accounted for 60% of our Ford passenger vehicle sales. Things like Titanium, Vignale, ST versions of Focus and Fiesta, and even Mustang, which, I don't know if you caught this, but in March Mustang was the best-selling sports car in Germany, leading folks like Porsche 911. So this is really allowing us to accelerate our efforts in total. And many of the things that we saw in the North American turnaround we used as a blueprint for Europe and it's paying off.
Mark Fields: I just came back from the Beijing Auto Show, and it was very interesting to see consumers are almost fervor for SUVs. You saw it not only in the exhibitors that were there, but just looking at the folks that were crowded around the vehicles. And I think the investments that we've made over the last couple of years to have a full lineup of SUVs – small, medium, and large is really great for timing of the market. At the same time, we introduced the Raptor. And I have to tell you, I literally had to, as we were done presenting, it run out of the way because of the people running up to the vehicle. I think that vehicle will do well, not only just from a sales standpoint, and it won't play a major role, but we will sell, I think, every one we can but what we'll do to continue to accelerate the perception of our brand.
Mark Fields: And just one more thing in terms of what to expect going forward. Our teams, I think, are doing a really terrific job of really understanding the consumer and what costs should we be putting in products. And I think you're seeing that path in the mix in terms of the average transaction prices. And our average transaction prices are up more than double the rest of the industry. And that really comes down to understanding the customers and putting the right costs in the vehicles that drive revenue.
Mark Fields: And then, Ryan, on your question on used car prices, obviously you've seen some of the Manheim reports. This is not a demand issue. The demand is there. It's really a supply issue as more of these three-year leases come off. We're going to watch it closely. Obviously, we've done a lot of the studies to see, are used car buyers actually cross-shopping with new cars. It's very small, it's in the single digits, but clearly it does have implications for trade-in values, so we're going to continue to watch that closely.
Mark Fields: The only thing I would add on that, on the Super Duty, is just look at our performance on F-150, in terms of the content that we put in it and what it's driving in terms of revenue. Even in the quarter, the F-150, our average transaction price was up $1,700 year-over-year, so customers are really seeing that value. And that's the same approach the team is taking on Super Duty.
Mark Fields: And we'll provide updates on this at the end of the second quarter when we do the second quarter call.
Mark Fields: Yep. (51:54) Just to put it into perspective from just a sales standpoint or a share standpoint. In Europe in total, our share was up a couple of tenths to, I think, about 8% in terms of market share. In Russia, we actually doubled our market share in the quarter from a year-ago period. We were about 3%. So you can do the math and see the impact from a volume standpoint. But our approach, as you know, in Russia going forward, we view that as it's going to be -- it's an important market. It will recover over time and the investments that we've made both on the product side and the distribution side and just the business structure itself. I think it will position us well for when the market does start to come back around and that will happen when commodities start coming back around.
Mark Fields: Thanks, Adam. And those are some really interesting thoughts. I think, first off, the reason we set up the LLC to begin with is we wanted it to be what I call separate, but connected, which is to allow the Ford Smart Mobility group to have the organization and the structure to face off with some of the tech and mobility companies in terms of acting really fast. And I think going forward, it's still way too early to kind of talk about some of the things that you mentioned. I wouldn't put them off the table, but at the same token, what's really important is this Ford Smart Mobility group is working very tightly with our core operations. And I guess where we're at on Ford Smart Mobility, we are very focused, Adam, on where to play and how to win. And as you know, we are generally using experiments and pilots to, not only test technology and customer preferences, but very importantly test the business models, because at the end of the day you want to make money on these things. And we're doing that before we make, what I would call, major bets on investments, whether it's internally or externally. And we'll have more to say about this as our Ford Smart Mobility strategy progresses this year.
Mark Fields: Thanks. So there's a lot of kind of aspects to that question. I do think – I do agree – we've said that we are going to see – we're at an inflection point as an industry over the next number of years, given the technology that's available, not only in the product itself, but how to serve the customer. So when you look at the – your comment around is there going to be a super cycle, listen, I mean there's hundreds of millions of cars, over 100 million cars here or – I can't remember exactly the numbers. There's a lot of cars here in the US. It's going to take a long time, even with breakthrough technologies, where people will change that over. Just the math will show you that will take a good amount of time. And in terms of what technology, whether it's autonomous, or semi-autonomous, or all the connected cars will do for the industry, what is it going to mean? From our standpoint, we're looking at this – first off, it's too early to tell, but we're really looking at this as vehicle miles traveled. And you could argue that in urban areas there may be less car density, either because of costs or just outright legislation, not allowed to use personal vehicles, which could dampen car sales. But also, at the same time, if you make something more available and you make it less expensive, it's used more. And if you think about things like autonomous vehicles that will be used 24/7, they'll rack up miles sooner, which will drive, as I mentioned earlier, more service revenue and, ultimately, more car sales. So I think it's still too early to tell. But our strategy, very clearly, is to continue to make the investments on the technology side and the investments on the mobility side so that we can participate in both of those revenue streams.
Mark Fields: To put that into perspective, Joe, again we're using this momentum to really drive us towards those margins. Not only is the product launches that we have this year, but we're looking at the product portfolio we have. We are focusing on the products that have high growth and high profitability, and we will drop products that actually don't have either of those characteristics. At the same time, we are going to continue to work on the costs. As we've said before, we have a voluntary separation program going on right now in Europe which when all is said and done, should save us around $200 million a year annually going forward. So we're going to continue to work every element of that to make sure it's a sustainable and vibrant part of this.
Mark Fields: What we're doing, Colin, right now is, we should be launching that in the next month or so and we are very excited about it. Think about, we will obviously communicate it, because we think it really provides a way for us to have a fundamentally different relationship, not only with our customers, but customers that don't own Fords. And so what you will see is, think about it this way, it's a launch, but then we'll be continually improving it to improve the experience for our customers.
Mark Fields: Absolutely. Our approach, very simply, is we want to make sure that we are either among the leaders or a leadership position in the product segments that we are in. And if you look at our BEV today, our Focus has about a 100-mile range and that is very competitive for the price point that it's at in the marketplace right now. And that's why, as you know, we've made the announcement late last year where we're going to invest another $4.5 billion into our vehicle lineup on electrification. And by the time we end the decade, we will have 40% of our nameplates around the world that will be electrified and they will be very competitive from a cost, quality, range standpoint to allow us to move the business forward.
Mark Fields: Well, our electric vehicle will be, as I said, it comes down as we want to make sure we are among the best or the leaders in those areas. So in that timeframe, when you look at some of the competitors, what they've announced, clearly that's something that we want to – we are developing for.
