Mark Fields: Yes. Let me just give some perspective on F-150 because obviously there is a lot of interest in it. First off, we are really excited and we’re seeing strong demand for the new F-150. It’s turning on our dealers’ lots of more than twice as fast as the segment as a whole. As I mentioned earlier, we’re seeing record transaction prices with lower incentives versus last year. The mix is rich. We talked about the third party awards that we were winning in that product. And more basically now, we are at full production at the plants and we expect to hit normal levels of inventory by the end of the third quarter. So, we could not be more pleased and confident where we are with the F-150.
Mark Fields: Yes, just some perspective on the market in Europe. We remain cautiously optimistic on the continued industry growth in the second half. If you look at the channel mix, it’s fairly stable year-over-year. Commercial vehicles encouragingly are up more than passenger cars. And as you know that’s a good indicator for where the economy is going. Pricing, we’ve seen some modest improvement but incentives obviously still remain high. And it’s interesting; we’re seeing some trends in Europe that we saw during the North American recovery. In particular, we’re seeing some pent-up demand, obviously not to the same degree, but some of that pent0up demand. And we’re seeing a mix improvement. When customers are ordering their vehicles, they are ordering a more well-equipped and that’s exactly what we saw here in North America and that’s helped a bit of the pricing environment. So overall, we’re seeing some green shoots, but still we know we got a lot of work to do.
Mark Fields: Yes, let me just give some perspective on the China market because there is obviously a lot of discussion around it. It’s clear we’ve seen a market slowdown in the market there in the industry. We’ve seen commercial vehicles actually come down more than past year vehicles which again is a bit of an indicator to us. And that in turn is putting pressure on the likely suspects around pricing, but we’re also -- we’ve also experienced negative pricing in this market for quite some time, but it’s continuing now. But we have to put this market into perspective. This is -- it’s the biggest market in the world right now. By our forecast it’s going to grow to about 30 million vehicles in the next 5 to 10 years. So we’re still very bullish on China, but it’s going to go through its fluctuations and that’s what happens in emerging markets and we’re going to work our way through it in a positive way, and grow the business.
Mark Fields: Thanks Bob. So, let me bring this altogether. Obviously our plan and our priorities are unchanged. And we’re on track to deliver our near and our long-term objectives and they have remained the same and that’s about being the top five in global sales, getting a better balance of profits and sales around the world, targeting 8% plus operating margins globally, being in the top quartile of total shareholders returns and then highly regarded by all our stakeholders. We have our three priorities on accelerating our pace of progress on a One Ford plan, delivering our product excellence with passion and of course driving innovation in every part of our business. And the way I described it is, it’s about having one foot firmly planted into today and staying riveted on the business and delivering today’s results. But also one foot firmly planted in tomorrow and taking the point of view on that future and rewinding back to the day and making sure we’re taking the decisions to maximize our success in that timeframe. So, we’re really pushing ourselves to think, to act and disrupt like a startup company. And that really means trying to anticipate customers’ wants and needs in that five, and ten, and fifteen-year down the road timeframe. The second quarter, I think it shows more proof that we have the right strategic framework; we have the right process; and importantly, the right team. And again, it’s one of the strongest quarters in our recent history. It’s a great first half. And we expect the second half to be even better. So with that why not we open to the phone lines.
Mark Fields: Well to put it into perspective, I think we’ve always said that by the summer we would be at full production, late in the second quarter we’d be at full production which we are. And we’re on track to, as I mentioned earlier, to make sure our inventory is at normal inventory level by the end of third quarter because you know Patrick there’s a little bit of a lag time as we get both plants up to production fully that we have to then shift those to our dealers and then also to fulfill fleet orders. So, we’re on track with our launch as with always launches. We work with our suppliers to make sure it’s successful and we’re doing that. We’re very confident in the product and we couldn’t be again more happy with the kind of response we’re getting with it. We expect in the second half as we get up to stocking levels, we’ll fulfill more fleet orders and we expect our performance in the marketplace to grow.
Mark Fields: On the inventory, it is up and part of that is due to as we were launching some new products and localizing and we had some bridging stocks. But also as the market has come down, we’re implementing our process which is matching production to demand. So, you can see that in our production for the third quarter which is up healthy, it was up healthier and we’ve taken the appropriate actions to get the inventory in line. So overall, we feel pretty good about the inventory. And in terms of the pricing environment, as we mentioned, listen over the past couple of years, we’ve seen negative pricing in the 1% to 4% range and this year we probably see it in the 4% to 5% range. So, we’re seeing a little bit more and it depends on region and segment. But I think the approach from our team is -- and this is I think the silver lining of a little bit of a downturn in Europe. This is the first time our team is going through a downturn in Europe and we have some very experienced folks…
Mark Fields: Sorry, in China and we have some very experienced folks both in our operations there and in our JV partner and it’s a great learning opportunity, so that when it goes down we know how to manage through and we know the revenue in a declining market comes off fast. And that’s why the big effort on cost and that was one of the elements that drove our performance in the second quarter and our team will stay focused on that at the same time launching five new products in the balance of this year to drive our top-line.
Mark Fields: And also within that we have to look at the market and there is a lot of discussion around the market being at a peak. I really term it as a plateau because when you look at what’s driving the market, it’s really around replacement demand. And in any mature market, about 80% of the industry in any given year is driven by replacement demand. And we know the age of the car park which is over 11 years old. So we think that bodes well. Within the market, we’re seeing actually incentives. We have to watch that closely because incentives are up year-over-year when you look at the U.S. market than actually been up every month. But interestingly, incentives are up every month on cars; they are actually about even to down on trucks. So that’s an area we got to stay focused on, but we expect our performance to continue to be strong in North America.
Mark Fields: Colin, it did generate a lot of headlines. And as you know, incentives and rebates, they are normal part of the competitive environment and we use them to either encourage customers to buy more fully equipped vehicles or to finance it forward credit or to reward loyalty. But overall when you look nationally, our incentives on F-150 are around $3,800 or so. It’s down year-over-year. That $10,000 figure that was thrown out, part of it is based on incentives that are available on all vehicles that dealers can add up to and in some cases, some dealer associations, of those a small minority of them decided to add to that. So in some cases, it was $10,000 but overall when you look at our average incentive of around $3,900 and it being lower than the segment and much lower than some of our competitors, I think it reflects the strength of the product.
Mark Fields: John, part of it is, the industry is growing. So clearly you expect our inventories to keep up. To Bob’s point, overall when you look at it, our inventory levels here in the U.S. are about 608,000 and that’s down from about 643,000 last year. So our day supply are about 70 and this time last year it was about 72. So, we feel good about our inventory levels.
Mark Fields: Well, we’ll get into that more as we start talking about 2016 but focusing on 2015, obviously in the next month or so, we’re going be launching the medium-duty truck out of Ohio. And that’s a really important product because that only -- we have a lot of customers and have those products, it drives a lot of ancillary commercial businesses across our other vehicle lines. So, we’re excited about getting that up and running. And keep in mind that’s a product we’re bringing back and manufacturing here in the U.S.
Mark Fields: We haven’t heard what Apple is doing. To my knowledge, they haven’t announced anything. But from our standpoint, you know our process, we’re always looking at the business environment. And we’re seeing folks like Uber, who knows what Apple is going to do or Google is going to do? First off, we think -- first off that it’s positive for the industry in terms of generating competition and innovation and that’s what’s driving us. But sure, we could see some of those players be competitors to us, in some cases they could be partners to us et cetera. We’re looking at the whole waterfront here. And we know there’s a lot of people that are interested in the automotive space and would like to extract some value out of that. We’re very cognizant of that.
Mark Fields: Yes, the only thing I want to add Rod is when you look at the capacity coming on line at Hangzhou, as Bob mentioned, I mean it’s for products that are in pretty high demand. We’re localizing the Edge and obviously SUVs and a seven-seater SUV is in demand, the Taurus that’s coming or large sedan, it’s a pretty significant segment there that has pretty good revenues and Everest as Bob mentioned. But even the -- in the Escort, we launched that earlier this year and that is as I mentioned that’s the fastest growing model in the segment and it’s appealing particularly across the regions but particularly Tier 3 through 6. But across all this, as we look at the industry, look at the pricing et cetera, it’s not only a focus on the top-line, team is taking a very intense focus on the costs and the costs in the industry. And that is the benefit, if you will, of looking at an industry which we’re now calling flat to down and getting ahead of things. So we’re working both ends.
Mark Fields: I think when you look at the overall size of the market, keep in mind that the Tier 3 through 6 cities, these are cities that are still growing, still cities where people are coming from the countryside and moving in. You don’t have the license plate restriction that you do in some of the Tier 1 and 2 cities. So we think a lot of that is going provide the growth to that 30 millionish number in the next five to ten years and still be somewhat manageable. In terms of the overall -- the mega cities, the cities of 10 million or more, I mean there is a lot of debate around what is that going to mean to the size of the industry. And right now, there is no clear answers, because you could argue that car and ridesharing increases the asset utilization which could reduce the car park, but also on the other side more efficient utilization of those assets and a greater just overall access to mobility could actually increase the total miles driven which could increase vehicle sales. It will definitely increase service business, for example with the duty cycles that these vehicles going through. So that’s we’re looking at. And overall as we look at these experiments and pilots, we have our team focused on this. We’re looking at some of the innovative approaches, particularly in China which Baidu and Didi Kuaidi is implementing. And as I said, you’ll see over the next number of months and year or so, in terms of what we’re doing to create some pilots and create some business models out of this that not only can open new business opportunities for us but complement our existing business.
Mark Fields: We’re seeing, as we said, larger percentage growth in those cities. And again, part of it has to do with the fact that most of those cities don’t have the restrictions that you do in the larger cities around license plates and lotteries that they have for that. As we look at our business, if you look this year for example, 85% of our dealer appointments are going to be in the Tier 3 through 6 cities. And actually if you look at our wholesales in the quarter, our wholesales in those Tier through 6 cities, were more than double percentage increases than in Tier 1 and 2 cities. So, we think we’re well-positioned. The Escort as I mentioned is really resonating with customers there but also at the same time as Bob mentioned earlier, the full line up of SUVs that we have, small, medium and large we think will serve us well.
Mark Fields: But I do think, we’re well-positioned, to your point, around our new products are resonating and we are growing share or 10% share in the region now. So, I think that bodes well. I mean put in a perspective before 2013, the nine years before, we were pretty strongly profitable down that region. I think clearly in the mid to long-term we expect that to return but we’re going to have work our way through difficult economic environment.
Mark Fields: Well, as you mentioned, with our One Ford strategy, we have now gone from 27 platforms down to 9 and ultimately to 8. Obviously, we have a couple of partners in China, both Changan at CAF and JMC which is our commercial truck partner. And the bottom line is nothing to talk about at this point but of course as our relationship grows, we will look at those opportunities. We’re well positioned now. But as I said, as those relationships grow, could offer us the opportunity to do that.
Mark Fields: Well, obviously we’re thinking through the consumer experience as we go forward. And clearly with the things like over the year updates offers, as you mentioned opportunity to make customers’ lives easier and also opportunity as you mentioned to reduce cost for recalls, can’t get into specifics about how we’re going to approach that in terms of pricing et cetera. But our approach overall as we’re looking at our products and we’re looking at our services, the approach we’re taking with our marketing and our engineering communities, we want our people thinking about experiences and then subsequently how does technology enable those experiences and obviously then what we can price for it, but clearly a big opportunity for us to better satisfy the customer and also improve our business going forward.
Bob Shanks: Yes. It’s really a great performance and certainly something that’s going to drive the performance in the second half.
Bob Shanks: Let’s go on and I’ll talk about Middle East and Africa. This is our youngest and smallest business unit, I just want to remind everybody, this is a region that is 1.4 million consumers and it’s growing about 4% or 5% a year. And we’re very excited about what we’re doing here and what the team is working on to establish a good position for us as this region begins to take off. In the quarter, results moved from the small profit last year to a small loss this year and this was driven by essentially production timing differences. Most of the volume that we actually sell in Middle East and Africa is sourced from other regions. So as a result, we’ve got long order and lead-times since we’re going to get volatility by quarterly results and certainly really that’s what we saw this quarter. In terms of the full year, we continue to expect the results to be about breakeven. So, not a lot to talk about today on Middle East and Africa, but team is working hard to really position us for substantial growth here in the years ahead. Let’s go on to slide 16 and we’ll talk about Asia Pacific. So Asia Pacific, a lot of excitement here with record for the quarter, operating margin of nearly 8% and this was despite lower industry sales including lower industry sales in China. Also just want to mention that we also continued to incur cost in the quarter that is for growth that we’ll see in the future. We also just launched the Hangzhou, China and the Sanand, India plants. So, we had probably more cost of revenue if you will in the second quarter. We’re certainly going to see a lot of revenue coming down at those plants in the balance of the year. The profit did improve year-over-year and quarter-to-quarter. I want to highlight that that was actually due to operations outside of China. So, we saw a good improvement in ASEAN, Australia and India, and really excited to see the progress the team has made in these parts of the business. Because we’ve been talking about them for some time as areas that we are really focused on to try to get them moving forward in a positive manner. And the progress that team made here in the second quarter was very, very encouraging. For the region, wholesale volume, revenue and share were down year-over-year due to our consolidated operations -- I am sorry, actually share was down a bit. But within China, we saw wholesales about flat; share in the quarter at 4.7% was actually up a tenth and that equaled the record that we set in the third quarter of 2014. So good results in Asia Pacific; clearly some concerns around China and the slower growth, but for the full year we continue to expect strong results from Asia Pacific and expect those results to exceed those of last year. And Mark, you might want to say something about China.
Bob Shanks: Let’s go on to the last of the business units and this one, Ford Credit. Once again, Ford Credit had a very strong quarter and as I mentioned, generated that profit of over $0.5 billion. It was an improvement year-over-year and that was due to higher volume that was driven by higher consumer receivables and also with leasing increase in North America. Mix was favorable. We also saw recurrence of large insurance losses that we saw a year ago due to storms in North America. Ford Credit’s business and credit conditions continue to be very healthy. Our origination practices remain consistent. Costs at Ford Credit are well-controlled and very much in line with expectations. Credit losses remain at historically low levels; delinquencies also remain low; and repossessions also are at historically low levels. So everything that we can see in the business looks robust and very, very positive as we look at the future. In terms of our full year guidance, we’re reconfirming that guidance and that includes the pre-tax profit that would be equal to or higher than in 2014. So with that let’s move on and look at automotive cash. We had very strong cash flow in the quarter, automotive operating-related cash flow you can see here of $1.9 billion. If you go back to the first quarter, we had some pretty large debt repayments and also we had some -- we had characterized most of our pension contributions in the first quarter and we said at that time that we would not see that as we move out the first quarter. So, we’re delivering on that promise because if you look at the $1.9 billion that effectively is flowing through to the change in our gross cash position other than the dividends in the quarter which were about $600 million and that balance is the compensation related share repurchase program. So, we ended the quarter with $20.7 billion of cash and marketable securities; subtract from that the automotive debt of $13.7 billion which was up a bit due to funding in Brazil; we ended the quarter with net cash of $7 billion. Liquidity was also strong at $31.7 billion. So why don’t we go now and move into the future and we’ll look at the business environment on slide 21. So, this is pretty simple. We are projecting a global GDP to grow in the 2.5% to 3% range; this is driven by the U.S., by China, the modest growth that we’re seeing in Europe, euro areas as well as stronger growth in the UK, little concerns still about South America as well as Russia; watching China closely but overall expect pretty good growth on a global basis. Now that is not translating into growth in global automotive industry sales this year which is unusual. And that’s largely because the strong growth in China as Mark and I both talked about that is not translating at least according to our point of view, into growth in China and also Japan which we haven’t talked about today; it is growing, but we expect the Japanese industry to decline in 2015 versus 2014. So with that let’s go on to slide 22 and now I’ll end my comments on planning assumptions and key metrics. We are upgrading our outlook for the Europe 20 industry; we’re taking that up to 15.7 million to 16.2 million units. We are downgrading China, as Mark talked about, to 23 million to 24 million units and then everything else of the other financial metrics on track. We’re clearly on a track to achieve our total company pre-tax profit guidance of $8.5 billion to $9.5 billion. So, just seven words to leave with you today outstanding quarter, strong first half, breakthrough year. And with that I’ll turn it over to Mark.
Bob Shanks: If I remember correctly, in the first quarter was at over 70% mix. I think it was a high series and I think we’re at 50% [ph] and I think normal rates, if you go back to the old model, was around 30%. We’ll have to wait and see where this settles out because the demand for this, particularly the higher series is quite strong. And as you saw probably was it this week we launched the Limited. So we got more to come that Limited coming in the winter; we’ve got Raptor coming next year. So, we’re not done plumbing every dollar of revenue we can out of that product. So, we’re very excited about that and the customers are demanding that. As we look at the balance of the year, we expect pricing to continue to be a strong factor in North America’s performance. We clearly expect North America to be stronger in a second half than the first. F series actually did not positively contribute to the bottom line in the quarter because of the fact that was in a launch phase, but we certainly expect in the third and fourth quarters on a year-over-year basis that it will be a positive contributor as we get, as Mark said, the stocks up to normal levels by the end of the third quarter, not just numbers of units but also the derivatives in the series and the mix and so forth. So, you will see strong pricing coming from North America and not just F series but even in the quarter. F series clearly was a factor but there was a lot of different product lines and we were able to generate incremental pricing opportunities on in the quarter. 
Bob Shanks: Yes, I’ll comment and if Mark has anything afterwards, he can supplement. If you -- I’d like to go back to what I said in the first quarter, because we actually I think got a very similar question then. I actually don’t think that’s the right way to look at, at the way that you phrased the question. We clearly are seeing product costs go up as we invest in the new products and we also see increases in the structural costs as we do, so because of the investments in the plants and so forth. But we’ll get revenue for that and we just talk about for F series but you also get positive mix and then you grow the business, you get volume as well. So, really what you want to look at in terms of what’s happen to the total contribution margin of the business is to look at what you are getting on volume, what are you getting on mix and what are you getting on pricing relative to the product cost and some of the structural costs that you build in to business. And as you can see in this quarter that is what generated the improvement year-over-year. And I’ll mention once again, that was not because the F-150. F-150 really comes on stream in terms of the positive effect in the third and the fourth quarters. And so that will simply add to what we’ve already seen here in the second quarter. So, to me it’s much more -- it’s a broader view of what we’re doing with new products and just looking just those two categories that you’d mentioned Dan. In terms of contribution cost, our contribution cost we had favorable performance year-over-year on warranty as well as on freight. And duties on warranty that was combination of things, it was the non-repeat of some large field service actions that we had last year; we also had some supplier recoveries against some of those actions and other actions as well it might have been in different periods. And we also, as I mentioned, have the good news on freight. And I think that was largely because we had a lot of premium freight last year that we didn’t repeat this year. So going forward, we expect that we’ll continue to have good performance on -- as Mark said, the quality is extremely positive not only in North America but around the world. But field service actions, they happen when they happen based on the data that’s in front of us and kind of hard to forecast that one. But right now, everything looks good.
Bob Shanks: And Dan, I just want to supplement. If you look at our guidance on production in the second quarter for Asia Pacific, we originally were at 395,000 units; last year came in at 362,000, so 33,000 units down. And back to Mark’s point, this was a reflection of the team acting very quickly and very proactively as we saw the softening and taking production out ASAP. That’s what we do anytime, anywhere that we see something like that happening, on the upside the reverse and the team really staying on top of what’s happening in the marketplace and protecting the level of dealer stocks that we should have.
Bob Shanks: We’re going to have a fantastic second half and we had a really good second quarter. So, I actually kind of see the first half performance of 9.1% sort of going up a tick, if you will, as we go into the second half. And that will be aided by what I mentioned earlier in terms of the F-150 contributing positively in the second half versus the first half with the launch effect. So, I don’t know more to say, we’re going to go from really good grade. It’s hard to parse really fabulous performance.
Bob Shanks: Yes, I just touched on that in my comments. Itay, it’s cost performance. Mark and I were sitting here three months ago, they looked more like a breakeven type performance, but the team did despite the production adjustments that we referenced earlier, the team did a great job on cost performance. The other thing that was great about the quarter is the performance improvements that we saw outside of China. So that was another big contributor, the improved results in ASEAN, Australia and India. As you know those are areas we’ve been focused on trying to get them moving forward in fastest manner and we did get traction on that in the quarter.
Bob Shanks: Well, I don’t think we’re being cautious. We think that the range covers the likely outcomes if you think about the first half, we made $4.3 billion, so that gives us the opportunity to do what is at 5.2 [ph] in the second half, that’s a much stronger second half than the first half to be at the top end of the guidance. So I think we just feel comfortable that there is no need to change the guidance and we believe that at the top end, that covers the potential upside if you will that we’re looking at.
Bob Shanks: No. We definitely think the second half is stronger. I mean, if we just multiply the first half by two, we’re at eight, six [ph] and we think that we’ve got, as I mentioned, clearly upside opportunity in the second half and expect to deliver that.
Bob Shanks: Now, what is was, as we grew stocks by 7,000 units within this quarter and in fact if you go to appendix 6, it’s pretty clear. I am sorry, we actually reduced stocks. We reduced stocks by -- actually for the region we increased stocks by 7,000 and we reduced in North America and the U.S. but we had increases elsewhere and last year, we actually had a decline. So it’s the absence of the stock reduction last year on a relative basis that’s generating the good news.
Bob Shanks: But the number you’re talking about the 451, that’s a non-repeat of a stock reduction last year; it was a smaller stock reduction this year.
Bob Shanks: No. We don’t provide that information publicly. The stock level -- the capacity is relatively well utilized but Hangzhou for example which we just launched that’s got about 250? 250, I think in that particular plant but we’re just launching it. So we’ve got the Taurus coming later, so there’s a lot of room for us to grow into that plant.
Bob Shanks: I think it’s more appropriate for us to cover -- I said on the upper half. We’re always working to do better but I think upper half is where we’re likely to land.
Bob Shanks: Well, the purpose of that slide, Ryan, was to demonstrate that unlike most years where the first half is stronger than the second half and oftentimes you will see the first quarter compete with the second quarter in terms of which one is the strongest, that was not going to be the case this year, we want to show that. Also what’s normal is the fourth quarter being the weakest and actually quite a bit weaker than most of the other quarters of the year. And we felt that the fourth quarter, have the opportunity to be much stronger than normal particularly because of the cadence of our launches. That’s still all true. And we still expect as a result, the second quarter to be strong and stronger than the first half. So, very consistent with what we’ve been seen, but didn’t think it was necessary to put the chart and since the half is over and we’ve only got two quarters go and within the “stronger second half” and expect to deliver that.
Bob Shanks: Yes, you’re actually spot on in terms of what drove it; there’s one other factor I’ll mention, but yes that’s new products doing very well. The team has been focusing on brand and the network and customer service and that’s translating into some incremental power in terms of pricing, particularly combined with the new products. The other thing that you didn’t mention that’s the factor, we’re now consolidating Russia. So somewhat similar to South America where we’re seeing some very positive pricing as we try to offset the effects of high local inflation and weak currencies, the exact same things going on in Russia where the team is doing the same thing. So, you’ve got that phenomenon also in this quarter on a year-over-year basis because of the consolidation of Russia but everything else you said is true. And I would expect as we go into the third and fourth quarters that we will continue to see positive pricing in Europe.
Bob Shanks: I think, let’s look at it from a couple of different ways. I think you will see year-over-year increases that will start to mitigate because we had some of the products that are affected in the later quarters of last year. So, what I do think you’ll see as we go forward is that the effects will be largely mitigated sequentially. So, we have what we have. Some of that will continue to show up on a year-over-year basis, but sequentially we’re kind of where we would expect to be because the launches are behind us.
Bob Shanks: We expect the operations to continue perform well. We actually expect the volume to be greater in the second half than the first half as we launch the new plant. We got the new launches coming -- product launches that Mark talked about. And some of those products, the Edge, three-row Edge, the Taurus, the Everest; those are going to be higher margin products. So I think that will fairly show up in the results. So I think we feel quite good about the performance in the second half relative to first half and overall for the full year. The one thing I just want to remind you and everyone else that’s listening in is when you’re looking at those equity after tax earnings, that’s not the total picture of China, that’s just the joint ventures. So, if you recall, I said that our year-over-year results for Asia Pacific actually were not driven by China even though you can see that improvement at the JVs; it was driven by the operations outside and that’s because we’ve got EU imports which are consolidated, we’ve Lincoln which we’re investing in which is consolidated, and you’ve got engineering that we’re incurring on behalf of the joint ventures that they will reimburse for later, once we start building those products that we’re engineering at some point in the future, will get that composition through royalty. So, when you take the total picture of China because of what was going on in the consolidated part of our business, it was actually down slightly. We had launch balance out of Edge as Mark talked about, we had balance out of export as we’re getting ready to launch the new Explorer, we have the investments in Lincoln and we have higher engineering for products we’re working on for the future.
Bob Shanks: On a year-over-year basis, it did not generate, if you will, incremental profits and that’s because the volume was lower. We also were in launch mode, so we had all the costs, the structural costs associated with the launch but didn’t have the plants producing at capacity. That will not be the case in the third and the fourth quarter. So when I look at the data for third and fourth quarter year-over-year for F-150, it’s a strong positive contributor to the bottom-line all in; and that’s what we’re trying to convey in terms of the effect it had in the first, second relative to the third and fourth quarters.
Bob Shanks: The team has done a great job of managing the environment. They have taken appropriate actions on capacity, headcount, personnel levels. We’ve also been working very hard on total costs. They’re looking as how we can -- obviously we were quite localized because we’ve been there for 80 years but we’re even trying to find further opportunities to shield the business from the weakening currencies. We are also working to try to get as much as we can in terms of mix of the products. So the teams doing everything they can but Joe, the environment is so difficult, it’s going to be tough I think for anybody to make sense out of that business in South America until the recovery takes place. As I mentioned in my comments, there aren’t any signs of that happening yet. So we’re just going to have to hunker down, continue to go after every dollar of costs that we possibly can but this really going to depend for the industry on a recovery and the external environment.
Bob Shanks: I don’t have the exact number in front of me but our market share in those regions is quite good relative to the more developed cities. We’re actually in the middle of the country in Chongqing and our performance is strong in the middle of the country; it’s good in the 3 through 6 cities. And I think that actually positions us well going forward.
