John Lawler: Yes. I'd just say, Ryan, that when you look at it, Jim went through the portfolio transformation, but the global redesign is really starting to take hold in de-risking the business. We're starting to see some strength in China. The localization of key project -- of products there, Lincoln, for sure, improving our cost structure there by localizing. We're leveraging capacity at the JVs to build Lincolns and commercial vehicles. Our partnering to share investments and improve scale, you saw that with the South Africa announcement we had building the Ranger and a VW pickup now in that facility. So I think we're starting to see strength across all the areas we've been talking about. But we're also focusing on the basics of the business, right? We've renewed our focus on our quality improvement. We're leveraging all of our connected vehicles to identify issues faster, improve our warranty expense, improve our ownership experiences. We're also leaning into electrification now, as Jim said, with Mach-E being on the road, the E-Transit coming, the F-150 BEV next year. And we're really transforming the team as well. We're bringing in new talent. We're organizing ourselves to grow our core businesses and expand that through connectivity and digital services. And so when you look at all of that across the business and you start to see some of the strength take hold, it gives us confidence in the year, and it allows us to move forward with the confidence we're projecting. So I think there's a lot of good things going on here.
John Lawler: Hi, Rod. Well, clearly, we need to see improvements in cost structure, similar to what you've been talking about in that 55 to 80 kilowatt hour for the pack. And that's going to happen over time, and we definitely are pushing in that direction. And that's going to be required. We're going to see the ICE and the BEV converge as they transition. And yes, we do see them being profitable. In fact, Mustang is profitable today, the Mach-E. So it's going to transition over time. We're deeply focused on driving that cost structure down on our BEV vehicles. We're leaning into our strengths where we see some synergies and taking advantage of that. So it's definitely a focus we have. From a standpoint of the $22 billion commitment to EV, as Jim said, as we lean into our strengths, we're focused on BEV. We're focused on expanding that growth. We're focused on the digital experience and the customer experience with those vehicles. And as that transition takes hold, over time, we're going after the larger segments, right? These are segments that we lead in. There's a strong customer base. And with that, as Jim said, there's duty cycles. There's specific needs for these customers with these vehicles. And we're going to continue to work with them to give them the solutions they need from a battery electric standpoint. But at this point, we're not going to guide on a number of volume and by when at this point.
John Lawler: Yes. What I can say is that we are continuously putting pressure on ourselves to pull that timeline ahead as quickly as possible. And so it is shifting. We're focused on it. We're focused on improving the business as quickly as we can and continuing to invest in our growth areas. We see a stepped-up improvement in 2021. You saw that in the guidance and outside of the chip issue. And we're going to continue to work that. And as we do move closer to that 8%, we achieve those targets, we're generating good healthy free cash flows that we're going to invest in the business. So yes, we are putting tremendous pressure on the team to move that forward and achieve that as quickly as we can.
John Lawler: Yes. Thanks. So the scenario we laid out is based on the discussions we've been having with the supply base over the last couple of weeks, and it's very fluid. And we know that it's an industry impact. And what we see is that we could lose between 10% and 20% of the planned first half production. And so when you take that on an annual basis, the impact of that full year could be between $1 billion and $2.5 billion. And like we do, and we did -- like we do and like we did with COVID, we've assumed in there some reasonable cost recoveries and our ability to recover some of the production in the second half. And so the net impact on the year would be between $1 billion and $2.5 billion, depending on where this falls out, relative to the production disruption in the first half. And that's why we tried to frame it up to give a scenario around what it could be because it's very fluid right now. And as we get through this quarter, in April, we'll be able to share more details. We think we'll have a lot more understanding of exactly how this is going to fall out.
Jim Farley: Thank you for your question. It's stunning how fast the industry is changing. I watch the market really carefully in Europe and 10% in December. Pure battery electric is amazing. Our time is now at Ford. We're not talking about aspirations. We committed to California and Paris Accord and carbon neutrality a long time ago when it wasn't easy, and I'm very proud of that. This year, as you mentioned, we're launching Mach-Es in the market now. We think it's a real competitor to Tesla and their stronghold part of their price market. The F-150 electric is a lot of inbound interest from our loyal customers. We sold 780,000 F-150s last year. We are going to find, and we are finding, within that, a duty cycle that matches electric for some of those customers. It's such a large scale. In Transit Electric, the inbounds on that vehicle are really high. This is our turf. And we're not just going to have 1 delivery vehicle. We're going to have 3 lengths, 2-wheel bases, 3 roof heights, a cut through, a cabin chassis and a van and we're not done. So we are the leader in the Transit business. We have the body builder connections. 100% of our transits get updated. And we know every one of those of updaters. So -- and we are getting more inbound for that. So how do we manage the move? I think it's a really good question. I don't know if any of us have the answer. The costs are coming down quickly. But for me and the team, the move to electric is not about batteries and motors. It's about digital vehicle and a new customer experience. And that is universal, whether it's F-150, ICE or a battery electric, that digital experience that we're talking about, we have 130,000 commercial solution customers now. We have 9 million Ford Pass customers, that is universal. So that's goodness that we'll get back in all of our business. We just have to be very flexible, which we have those large commercial vehicle manufacturing facilities that are very flexible. And we'll invest in both. And we'll flex with the customers. So I think we're ready. This is our year. We're going to have great offers. And I think it's really on us. The real proof point to me is not going to be how many we sell in the first year. It will be how much better the vehicle is a year or 2 after we launch it with the same customer.
Jim Farley: And Rod, I think just a compliment, John, expect us to be a lot more specific in spring as we move on. It's just -- this is not the right venue to go over specifics. But please rest assured, we are really excited to share all the specifics of our BEV plan. We just want to give you an idea of how we're allocating the capital.
Jim Farley: Thank you so much for your question. This is a fundamental approach that we all committed to and continue to be committed to. We love what RJ is doing at Rivian. It's a strategic investment. It's not a transactional investment for this or that. And so we'll keep you updated. But that's a very fundamental bet and it looks like the market is liking what he's doing, too, which is good for Ford. The partnership with Google is very fundamental. It goes far beyond -- we want our team working on things that will differentiate us. Google has got a great platform for navigation and content delivery, and we can co-create on top of that. And their -- the system is great, but we're going to use Amazon Voice, and we're going to work hard with Apple on CarPlay. And we're going to have a great relationship with Microsoft on commercial vehicles, which we will tell you about some other day. But our partnerships in the technology area, including the Chinese partner -- technology firms, is just going to get deeper and deeper and deeper. And as far as our relationships, our partnerships, they will change with electrification. And you should expect more work in that regard. Anyways, I don't think you're going to have to wait too long to hear more about that actually. So it's a fundamental approach. The technology partners are becoming more and more important for us to deliver that digital experience, but also to build the capability inside the company for large-scale AI/ML deployment to our industrial system, the customer experience, using that data off the vehicles for quality improvement. And we don't have all the answers. And these companies can really help us, and we can help them. I hope that makes sense to you.
Jim Farley: So thank you for your question. The answer is absolutely. This accelerated spending on products and industrializing those products. And we recognize in the guidance for explaining that, that there's more spending to come on our battery vertical integration decisions. We just don't have anything announced today. We have -- I'm not going to get into it, but we have 2 battery electric dedicated platforms. They will include high-volume passenger cars. But as we've always said, we're going to invest in the segments where we're the strongest. And you can imagine what those nameplates are and what those segments are. And we will have a great lineup of commercial battery electric vehicles. And as well, importantly for me, is the investment in the digital experiences and the physical services to make that work. We've learned over all these years that Ford’s strength in commercial is far beyond the product. In fact, the product is often regulated to be defined as it is. Our strength is our distribution network. Our ability to keep vehicles on the road. Our upfitters, our bailment policies, and all of those strengths will come to bear as we electrify those lineup. And we have more ambitions, as you can see with the FCS software business. That business is growing very fast. It's a telematics and commercial services business. And that's a good example of the kind of investments we're making beyond the four-walls of the product. So as we electrify, we're not just going to bring more products, we're going to get more digital and we're going to get into physical services and digital services as well. But they'll be in the nameplates in the segments that we have a great reputation. As John said, we have a good owner base.
Jim Farley: All right. Appreciate the feedback on the product. And to me, the real test for our fitness on Mach-E will be, as I said, how that product performs, its range, its capability, its quality, a year or 2 from now for that same customer. 
Jim Farley: Oh, that's the key. I was just going to say where do you see the GT. Look, our first inning -- if this is a 9-inning ball game, our first inning, I think we played it about right, which is to buy the best technology at the lowest price out there during what you could argue in this first inning was an excess supply batteries. But now the game is changing. And the next step is going to be a much more aggressive electrification plan and the subsequent impact on our battery strategy, and we cannot afford to be in the situation we are with semiconductors right now, which is a good metaphor for what you're bringing up. So you can expect from Ford, follow-on this battery electric commitment, more news on our vertical integration plans. And there are options. We could do it ourselves. We can go to a JV and as well out there, not too far away, it's a solid-state technology moving very quickly. There's a lot of bets to be made. This company -- this team is in the midst of making those. And we'll let you know as soon as we can. But we get it. We want to lock it up. We want to make sure it's not a constraint. And we also want to pick the right technologies and the right partners at the time and have the flexibility as well as the technology changes, like solid state. I don't know -- we can't give you a date right now, whether that will be the spring or tomorrow. But please understand, we totally get the issue and the opportunity.
