Jim Farley: Yes, great question and an important question for any OEM as the EV market evolves here. Look, we made the bet on CATL many years ago. It was a very important bet for our company to localize LFP cells in North America happen to be in Michigan. We're two years into that project. That is a signature partnership. CATL is the largest battery maker in the world, and they lead iron phosphate cost and reliability. That is a signature partnership that we launched many years ago that we've been working hard on, and Marshall is on track. Look what Volkswagen is doing with XPeng, and many others who are kind of taking a Chinese low-cost platform and using that. That's not our strategy. Our partnership strategy will be on the component side, going deep into the supply chain for IP that is critical and unique. I'm not going to get into specifics, but CATL is one example, and we're going to learn how to do that at the company. We believe that this is essential know-how for the company because the true fitness test for EV profitability will be on these small vehicles. And we have learned from our experience with Mazda and Kia and many others that we have to have this know-how in the company because it applies across all of our vehicles, not just EVs. And the lowest cost is the most important capability. We believe that many of our competitors will turn to their Chinese either independent companies or partners to basically use their platform globally. We learned a lot, not just from China, but from MEB. We've been scaling MEB. We know the cost of Volkswagen. They're one of the leaders in scale. And what we found in that trip and subsequent trips to China is that we have a very competitive battery with CATL, but many of the Chinese players in the lower-cost have very affordable batteries, but they don't have the most efficient design outside of the battery on the other EV components. And our team, the Skunkworks team, we might as well call it a big team now because it's no longer Skunkworks, we're betting on them as our affordable platform. They have really designed breakthrough EV components with our own design that we think are better and cheaper. And we have a very competitive battery localized with the IRA benefit. And the partnership discussion, I think, will -- we think will largely put out in larger vehicles. We think that's where the partnership -- big partnership opportunity really lies. In the commercial vehicles that I talked about, I'm not -- we have nothing to say right now, but this is -- we -- why is the partnership so important? Because the bigger vehicles have this kind of inverted cost, and the partners allow you to be more capital-efficient and have better returns. And that's why we think that the partnerships on larger vehicles will play out as vibrantly as affordable vehicles.
Jim Farley: What we won't do at Ford is reduce our actual cash expense at the expense of our customers. We will fix these problems. We will do the right thing. I don't care if it costs rental cars or whatever. We want to turn these quality issues into positives for our customer experience.
Jim Farley: Yes. And I would just emphasize that the ambition at Ford for partnering on EVs is record level high. We're not going to make any announcements in earning call, but this is absolutely a flip-the-script moment for our company. We have done partnerships like Volkswagen. We have learned how successful -- how to be successful with the one-ton Transit that includes an electric vehicle. We really see that opportunity in front of us. But we are not going to partner to the level where we delegate our future and the future fitness for cost competitiveness outside the company. We need -- and if we have a partner, we have to have that transfer function that John mentioned. I would only say that we need as an industry to start focusing equally on the one-time cost investment in the electrical architectures and the transition to digital products. Now the integrated services that we're finding, we have 765,000 paid subscriptions. They were different than our competitors who just basically do it for infotainment. We are basically, you know, productivity on Pro as well as BlueCruise. And to take that to the next level, make that business supercharged, we need to invest heavily in electrical architectures, not just on our EVs, but also in our ICE vehicles and hybrid vehicles. And that will be a one-time investment. And the benefit of that was what I was trying to highlight in my script, which is when the economy turns down, we still have those subscriptions. Our service business, customers turn to that even more in a downturn because they keep their vehicles longer, they have to do more maintenance. These are ways to kind of derisk our exposure to economic cycles. And we have to make OTA, the updated IVI system, the integrated services team, both B2C and B2B, our electrical architectures, these are all basic enablers that go beyond EVs. And the industry is going through that transformation too, and I believe Ford is in advance of others because we have more complicated platforms than Rivian and many -- and Tesla and many of the other OEMs. And because of that, we also have more scale. We have more complexity, but we have more scale. And I think that transition and kind of structural change in the industry is as big as the EV change. We're going to get to $1 billion of revenue, we think, next year on software. I wouldn't have thought of that two, three years ago.
Jim Farley: Yes. Thank you. So powertrain-wise, it will be a diverse powertrain, multi-energy platform. We will -- I'm not going to get into specifics, but you can imagine what we've done with F-150 and Transit Van, we've gone to -- and all of our commercial vehicles, a multi-energy platform. So we will offer customers the choice that we think no other competitor will have. And we're -- we believe we'll be a first-mover, if not the first-mover in multi-energy Super Duty. Look, we saw the $1.2 trillion investment in Infrastructure and the Jobs Act. That is coming home. There's a 5G upgrade that's going now. I think it's close to $300 billion investment. And I think what's -- I'm really glad you asked this question, John, because it's not obvious to people. The real part of our Super Duty business that is -- that has been under constant, supply strains is our chassis business. It's about 25% of our entire Super Duty business, but they are not pickup trucks that people use like what you think in road construction. These are people with bucket trucks doing 5G upgrades, heavy construction. And that is the demand that we have not been able to fill. Ford is -- and I'll give you an example. We dominate ambulance in the U.S. Ambulances tend to use our Super Duty chassis business. The average age of an ambulance in the U.S. is 15 years now. They're all falling apart. We have not been able to service that industry, and now we can with this incremental capacity. And so it's an aged fleet, the chassis business. It's got a ton of investment tails to it still. And we lead in the industry because of our upfitter in the products. And now we're going to take the lead on the multi-energy part. That's kind of the story, and it will be a great payback. And we wouldn't be doing it at Ford unless we thought this was going to -- this demand would last for many, many years to come, John.
Jim Farley: I wish there were car wars for commercial. Because if there was, we would see the product freshness at Ford be an outstanding situation for us. So aside from kind of the industry backdrop of the industry pricing and the demand, I think one of the most important decisions we made several years ago is to go full in on Pro. So we invested in a one-ton Transit, which is our profit machine in Europe. We invested in new Ranger globally. We invested in a brand-new Super Duty, including chassis, including multi-energy. We invested in new F-150. And we have all these new electric Transit, two-ton Transits. That was very intentional. We did it several years ago and now that will pay off, I believe, as we look into these multi-year contracts. And I -- for Ford at least, it's very important to understand how outsized the freshness of our lineup is at Pro. It's -- I've been here 16 years. I've never seen all of our core products updated within a 12-month period like this.
Jim Farley: Yes, thank you. Obviously, Ford has had a lot of history -- a lot of experience and wisdom after 120 years of elections. And I would say think about our strategy this way. We believe that the fitness of the Chinese in EVs will eventually wash over our entire industry in all regions. And so we believe as a company, even if there were short-term adjustments we can make to a compliance-led, lower requirement lineup, we're not going to approach it that way. We really believe what I said, which is that many Americans would find an electric vehicle lowering their cost, not everyone, but a high percent. And we believe that to be fully fit globally, whether it's our Ranger business, our commercial business, anything really, we have to find a way inside the company to be fully fit with lots of partnerships on the supply chain side. And so this is a kind of enduring strategy at the company. It is not a strategy where we handicap the presidential election for the next one and the next one and see what we can get away with the EPA. That is not how we run Ford because Ford has -- Ford didn't go bankrupt. We have been enduring. And the only way we believe to be enduring is to make money on small EVs and commercial. And that's our bet. You'll see it play out in coming years. It's a big adjustment from our Gen 1 products. I'm glad, as I said, we scaled 2.5 years ago because we could learn about the reality of the market equation, which is just requiring us to be more fit and move faster. The EPA could certainly change, but it would take, as John said, several years for -- through legislation and lawsuits for that to change. So even from a compliance standpoint, we can't really count on administrations changing this way or that way. I've been to the Hill many times in the last month, talking to many Republican leaders of the country, and I always say the same thing to them. Please realize that there's a subset of customers that absolutely would save money, and they're also, absolutely, a group of customers who like partial electrification. And Ford's strategy is choice, manufacturing flexibility and choice. We are not going to bet student body left on this or right. We are going to give customers choice. We're going to be flexible manufacturing. That's why we want to be a first-adopter to an E-REV or whatever is next on partial electrification because we want to be first and best at that choice. But on EVs, we need to be fully competitive with BYD, Geely, even our own partner Changan. And the only way for us to have done that is through this small group in California.
Jim Farley: And during our launches, Kumar and Doug have partnered in a way that hasn't been done at Ford for a while at least, where we are testing vehicles to failure and individual components to failure, which is not our launch standard, but we are now doing that. And we are also looking at the DTC codes off the vehicle, especially powertrain DTCs, and running these vehicles at extremely high mileage, far beyond our standard for launch. And that has caught many, many issues in our industrial system that we've been able to correct before we release the vehicle. It's painful to have all these vehicles over quarter ends, but it's the right thing to do for the company and it is the only way, we believe, in addressing our warranty spend.
John Lawler: Yes. I think that, there's the lag that you're going to have between the quality improving and the warranty run rates improving. And so, the first step, as Jim said, is the quality improving and we're seeing that in the physicals now. And that lags, 12 to 18 months and we should start to see the warranty coming in. On the prior models, majority of what's coming through our FSAs, we're doing things to fix those quicker, get out in front of them, reduce, the impact of them, but we're working that every day. And it's an issue that the team is focused on, and the encouragement is that the quality is improving and that is the most important thing for the future of the business and the longer run rate of the business.
John Lawler: Well, I would say that you have to think about how you're going to fundamentally change the development process. I think that's the core thing. It's not necessarily just doing it with somebody else. Sure, we're looking to be as capital-efficient as possible, bring partners in -- partnerships in for capital, but you can do that on components and you can do that in other ways as well. And we know and we've done a lot of work understanding what has kept this industry kind of in that penalty box that Adam was talking about, as you mentioned. We're not capital-efficient, we're lower-margin, we don't grow enough and, we're not resilient and it's a very cyclical business, and we're working to change that. We've walked through the areas that we're doing and attacking to improve those key areas. But it's really about the efficiency of the design, and the Skunkworks team is doing something very different. That team is unique for a traditional OEM, the talent on that team. They're doing an agile waterfall systems integrated design process, which no other global OEM has done, a traditional OEM. And we're really working that to be focused on what can happen from a tech standpoint as well. And that vertical integration really helps us drive to those lowest costs. And we're finding that there's ways to be more efficient in many ways than some of the Chinese by incorporating the technology that the team is able to bring forward and leveraging the know-how that they've had from the last products that they've put forward. So I think there's a lot of opportunity for us with that team and the talent and the change in the process that's not only going to show up when we get to our affordable EVs that are going to come from them, but it's also important to understand that if you don't have that transfer function Jim talked about, the entire company isn't going to improve. And by doing it within the company with that team, we have a much higher probability of that transfer function being successful.
John Lawler: Yes. So when you look at Pro, we've been talking about the fact that the demand-supply imbalance has been, great for the top line and it's been running pretty strong, right? No surprise there. We have been forecasting that we expect as we move into the '25 model year that there will be some of the top line coming off. And that's in our guidance. So we understand that over time, that's going to get chipped away at a little bit here and there. But we also believe that there are very underserved segments like chassis that we're going to be able to provide product to, where there'll be more price stability as we move forward. So we don't see prices collapsing. Now when you look at our business, about, I would say, 60% of it or so comes from the fleets, which are negotiated on an annual basis. Those have remained very strong the last couple of years. I've talked about in the past that we'll start to see what the '25 model year contracts look like as we move through the third quarter. Initial indications are continued, demand beyond what we can supply, but we'll work through that and we'll have an update as we come through third quarter. But, we're seeing demand continue both on the typical fleet contracts as well as through the dealers when it comes to the smaller fleet customers, the fleet tail, we call it, where they're buying two or three vehicles at a time. So we're watching this very closely, but so far with '25, early indicators are positive, but we need to really move through that process much deeper before we can say where '25 is going to fall out.
John Lawler: Yes, Ryan. I mean that's part of the issue is these are issues that are popping up in the field on these older models. The largest one coming through is on a rear axle bolt for vehicles that were engineered for the 2021 model year was when they were introduced. And if these things come through, at a higher time in service, we're made aware of them, we need to take care of our customers, we go out to fix them. And we have several of those types of things popping up on older models. We got a failed oil pump issue that's popping up on, 2016-launched vehicles. And so it's clear that we had a period of time where the robustness wasn't what it needed to be and that's showing up. And it is hard to predict on some of these units that have been out in the field for quite a while that one of these issues is going to show up, these longer-term durability and quality issues. But we need to work through that. And we do believe that overall, as we improve our near-term quality and that starts to show up in the field, that will allow us to, based on the rules that we have around how we do our accruals, bring down that overall accrual level. So these types of issues if they pop up will have less of an impact overall because our run rate on quality will be improving.
John Lawler: Those are critical because when you look at some of these things, that have been out in the field for a while that have failed, they crossover -- let's say they launched in a '16 model year was the first year it was done. So it was designed and engineered in '13, '14, '15, launched in '16, and it's been out there for quite a few years. With the connected vehicle and having the digital electrical architecture and us controlling the software across all of the operating domains, we will be able to get signals off the vehicle early to tell us whether or not we're having an issue in certain components. And if we understand that early, we can understand the cause of that and then we can go out and minimize, reduce, get out there earlier and reduce the number of vehicles that are impacted and actually either do an over-the-air update, if we can fix it that way, or do a preventative maintenance type program for folks, which will be much cheaper than a field service action recall where you're replacing components and modules, et cetera. So there's a lot of advantages through that connected data that we'll be able to run through warranty -- the warranty system. That's more on the physical side. On the software side, we'll be able to understand, when things are an issue much earlier and we'll be able to fix them through over-the-air updates, which will be a much lower cost as we move forward.
