John Lawler: Hi, Brian. Thanks. Yeah. I think the way we see it is that we've got strength in the underlying performance of our business. As we head into 2022, we also know that the product lineup is going to get stronger, right? We're just launching Bronco now. We've got F-150 Lightning next year. We have Maverick next year. And we also expect that we should get to more of a full line rate on our manufacturing of all our other vehicles in new vehicles that we've had this year. So we do see strength in the product line heading into next year. But what we also see heading into next year are a few headwinds. Ford Credit, we expect that to be more normalized to our run rate that we normally see, and that's because we see auction values coming down. And then we shouldn't -- we should see our credit reserves and our credit losses normalize as well. We also see that next year as volumes increase and stocks increase across the industry, we should see some pricing moderation. Again, we also see commodities being higher next year as well. And we're going to continue to invest in our new product portfolios. We've got the launches coming in next year. We've got our Ford Plus plan. So we see that continuing as we head into next year as well. So, there are some headwinds, but the underlying strength of the business continues to be positive. And with that, we see that trajectory continuing into 22 and then on our way to the 8% EBIT margin for 23.
John Lawler: Well, that was planned, that's coming in. Part of that's due to the launches of the vehicle; with the launch costs comes advertising. But we're also investing in connectivity, the IT we need to put in place for the connectivity, as well as, customer experiences, digital experiences, user experiences with the vehicle. So we're continuing to invest to build out our Ford Plus plan.
John Lawler: Hi, Rod. Thanks. So in the second half, we show the net number there for the volume net of the manufacturing production costs and other market factors. So what we are assuming is that in the second half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter, we start to see some moderation in pricing due to the fact that we should see volumes in inventories and stocks coming up a bit. So that is something that we do have built into that number for the second half, particularly in the fourth quarter. And then when it comes to 2022, Bronco is just getting up now -- up and running now, launched now. As Jim said, we have a hefty order bank there. And then F150 Lightning Maverick, they're launching next year. So our product portfolio is strong today, it's going to be even stronger next year. And so we see that contributing to the run rate as well. So I think coming out of Capital Markets Day, we talked about the trajectory of the business. 2022 being definitely stronger than '21 as we walk towards 2023 and the 8% EBIT margin that we plan to hit.
John Lawler: Thanks, Adam. Actually, Mach-E is profitable. Contribution margin, positive and profitable on the bottom line today.
John Lawler: So we've seen strong demand for that. Yeah. So I think when we look at it over time, as we talked about [Indiscernible] , and we've talked about with you. We've got to ride that technology curve down. We've got to get to the $80 per kilowatt hour for the battery pack before the end of the decade. We've got to scale the BEV content. We have commonality, and the top hats, and other components that will help us as well. And then, of course, we need to build on our services and such to really improve the profitability of the [Indiscernible] as we move forward. But I can tell you that Mach-E is profitable today.
John Lawler: Yeah. Hi, Colin. It's John. So I think what we're seeing here from a market share drop is completely related to the fact that our stocks reduced so much. We have the chip issue. We lost the volumes that we lost in the second quarter. We expect that as we work to improve the run rate and through the third quarter, we're very focused on maintaining this high turn rate, filling the orders that we have. As Jim said, we're going to continue to work on retail orders. And continue to bring our customers along that way as well. So we think that we have a good chance to regain that share, especially with the strong lineup that we have. and so we see this as a temporary issue related to the chip issue and the volume and production we had in the quarter.
John Lawler: Yeah. Thanks, Ryan. I think pricing is the majority of what was behind that growth. We had a very strong quarter relative to pricing as we saw, our inventory shrink. And we see the strength in the underlying demand of the products that we have. And so I think I would think about it more as pricing, a little bit of mix in there, but more of it is pricing.
John Lawler: that's a great question. I think we've been working [Indiscernible] this as you'd expect. It's a combination of all of the above, right? We have strong products. We see continued demand for those strong products, supply is well short of that, it's allowed us to continue to keep the pricing strong and improve the pricing in the second quarter versus what we had expected. And I think as long as you see this imbalance between supply and demand, we'll continue to have stronger pricing power. As we've seen through the first quarter and the second quarter. As we go through the year, when we start to see supply and demand normalize. we'll see some of this pricing come off a little bit in the fourth quarter and then we'll have to see how that runs through next year. But given the strength of our product lineup and the demand we see, we expect to have a relatively strong pricing power for the near foreseeable future.
John Lawler: Yes, thanks. Of course. as we make our capital allocations and we make these investments, we expect that we're going to get a return on them. And that's all part of our walk up into 2023, the 8% margin. We're also continuing to work on cost reductions elsewhere. right? These are investments that we're making in our new products with the launches and connectivity and IT. We've got advertising in there for these launches, and then, of course, customer experiences as I talked about earlier. But we're also driving cost reductions elsewhere as we continue to improve the business towards that 8% margin in 2023. So we'll invest in certain areas. We will see costs go up in certain areas, but we should also see cost coming down another areas, particularly material costs, et cetera.
John Lawler: Yes. I will take the working capital. Now, where we see the order bank helping us is we actually see it simplifying the industrial system because we'll know exactly what we're going to build. So we're actually working through that now and trying to use that to simplify and reduce things like working capitals. So I think if anything, it would have the opposite impact. It would increase working capital. We use it to drive down working capital. And then on the day supply. What we've seen in the past is around a 75-day supply. So 50 day, it's a 25-day reduction. so we do see that as substantial. And, of course, that'll be different across the different vehicle lines. So we do see that as a substantial pull back in the day supply.
John Lawler: So Dan Yes, I mean, I think my guess is as good as anybody is on this. We do see that the chip issue running through this year, and we could see it bleeding into the first part of next year. But I think we won't really have a good feel for that, until later in this year. We know that, as we've had discussions with the [Indiscernible] suppliers, they're telling us they're reallocating capital, they're increasing supply for automotive et cetera. But I think this is one of those things where we need to see the release coming through before we can really feel comfortable that we're out of the woods here.
Jim Farley: And we're not slowing down our modernization because of the chip situation; in fact, we're doing the opposite.
Jim Farley: Great question. Put simply, what we've learned about our very large order bank for Lightning is way over indexed on the coast. Almost 80% are new to Ford, what’s interesting 2 out of 5 are people who are going to trade in an ICE pickup which is very important because it indicates a move little bit faster to full-size truck BEV than maybe are our optimistic assumptions. And so I would say what we've learned so far is that the customers are largely new to Ford, but they aren't new to the segment. These are customers who really like these silhouetted vehicles. What is really interesting for me is some would portray the full-size truck industry as kind of a conservative customer. It's not what we're seeing, is these very large order bank for F-150 Lightning, they're new to BEV, and they are excited to move to BEV. And they are -- more than half of them are pickup truck customers.
Jim Farley: Thank you, Rod. Put simply, we're really committed to both going to an order based system and keeping our inventories between 50 and 60 days' supply. I've been here at Ford for 13 years. There were many years after the financial crisis where our day supply was 20, 30, 40 days. And in those years, the maximum retail order bank we had in the U.S. was 1000 to 2000 a month. We're now at 70,000 units on our way to 80,000 units. That gives you the order of magnitude difference in the way we are looking at this order bank change for the company. Lot of people in our industry are making big deal about the move online? Sure. But for Ford, we think there's massive benefit across all stakeholders for going to an order bank system. It put pressure on our industrial system to deliver quickly. It reduces our dealers costs more than just low day supplies, you mentioned. It allows us to significantly reduce our incentives. And I –guarantee you, I don't know how much money we're wasting. I know we're wasting money on incentives, I just don't know where. With an order based system, we will have much less risk of that. It requires us to dramatically reduce our order complexity as well. So there are a lot of enablers that have been put in place to move us to this new system and new go-to-market approach. I'd love to talk to you more about it, but I'll try to give you the high hard ones.
Jim Farley: Really good question. So the team has done a lot of work on this. I will try to answer it very simply. Our target is 50 days to 60 days supply. That means trucks will be a little bit higher. We have a lot -- about a third of our truck dealers [in C&D] (ph) county, 5 trucks to them could be a 100-day supply, but they need 5 trucks for the local community. And for urban and suburban dealers, it will be less than that range. Different segments will have different targets. We actually did this post-financial crisis for a few years. And then over time, [lost] (ph) discipline. And this is quite important for this management team. We have a weekly and monthly operations review, where we'll look at this very carefully by segment for each of the regions. That's the kind of soft wiring or management judgment. Going to an order bank, I would say is a hardwired way of reducing the stock. And I think it's going to take both for Ford to make this transition. It can't be just relying on management. keeping within that range. We certainly will have an exception process to go beyond that, and there will be a pretty tough discussion with our operating teams. But I think what I'm more excited about is the hardwiring of going to an order-to-delivery order system, which actually our new launches gave us that gift. Because for Bronco, and Mach-E, and some of the other high demand vehicles, we moved the reservation system into an order bank system. We then realized, my God, why don't we do this for all the vehicles, not just those vehicles. And that's when we had to put a series of incentives and more policy changes like order complexity reduction in the system to make it kind of the way we do things at Ford. I think it's going to require both changes.
Jim Farley: Really good question. So it depends on the region. Of course, we're a dominant commercial brand in multiple regions like Western Europe and the U.S., even in China in certain segments. And we're seeing in Europe a very dramatic order bank on our vans. It is -- it is something I've never seen in my career. We're talking months and months and months of back orders. So the demand for our commercial vehicles in Europe is extremely strong and the order bank is months and months. In the U.S. we're very fortunate that our commercial business is heavily focused on transit and Super Duty, and of course, F-150 is kind of mix. And so for those vehicle lines, transit and Super Duty, it's very easy to -- we don't have to prioritize between retail and commercial because those vehicle lines are almost a 100% commercial. The one that's challenging for us to balance is F-150. And we -- as you could see in this quarter, we're very carefully mix managing. But we are very respectful of the needs of our commercial customers. We know where our toast is buttered. And those customers are really important for us. In fact, we’re in discussions with them right now about the trade-off between feature content and availability. We have many commercial customers in the U.S. that have been waiting for months and months for their vehicle. And we are discussing with them, would you be willing to take off feature content to get your vehicles now? And that's -- and you can expect us to be balanced about that discussion and negotiation and compromise. And it's -- we'll make the right call for the company and for the customer. But they are pushing us for availability now, even if it means lower feature content.
Jim Farley: Great question. Well, we're going to have a couple of different population of dealers. We are going to have our professional dealers and the answer is a little different for them versus our retail dealers. We'll have our rural dealers and the answer is a little bit different for them than suburban and urban dealers. The -- I would say the message we're giving to our team, our dealers is, look, we're going to have to work really carefully together, so -- because the customers are going to have a lot of questions on Ford BlueCruise, for example. So we want to make sure the dealers are very knowledgeable about these new OTA features, that are really meaningful in the use of the customer's life. That's one. The second one is service, service, service, service. Service. That is the most important thing for us, is wiring a closed loop between the vehicle, the condition of the vehicle, the service capacity of the dealers, and the customer is going to be the most important ballet we're going to have to play together with the dealers. This is especially true for Ford Pro. And in fact, today, we already have 160 remote trucks doing service for our commercial customers at their business. Warranty work, that's a good example of the evolution of the business model, where they're taking their Service Department from a fixed hub and going on the road with their service capacity. And those trucks have to be cooked into the vehicle data and the prognostics. Our parts legacy system to order parts and the dealers on dispatch system. That has to be a closed loop. So, all I would say to you is the orchestration and our benefit, our chance to win. Just like maybe targets, a chance to win versus online retailers is that in-person service, especially in professional customers.
Jim Farley: Great question. So we do -- we just launched FORDLiive, as Jim mentioned, in the UK and Spain. We have 5 more EU countries covered by the end of the year to launch, so we're really excited about FORDLiive. What we've committed to so far is in the next couple of years by 2025, we expect our digital and charging revenue in Ford Pro to be about 1 billion dollars today. I wish we had more time to focus on this frankly. We have about just under 200,000 unique subscriptions for our telematics and data services. We grew at about 20,000 units in the quart -- 20,000 subscriptions in the quarter. And we feel like that digital telematics and [Indiscernible] data like fuel tank information plus adding the charging services like Electriphi for Depot charging for our customers, our high-growth area with the revenue to that level in the next couple years. The monetization of FORDLiive is really around our traditional parts business, which has very high margins and we have a very low share. So the opportunity for us upside is tremendous, post warranty. Even our commercial customers, we get very few of those customers. And so the real payoff for this closed loop is going to be much higher share post warranty of that very profitable business.
Jim Farley: One particular area? of modernization that doesn't I don't think get enough attention in where we're investing as a Company. Certainly 30 billion in electrification, and the vertical integration of batteries and our, of course our investment on autonomy. I think you all know about where we're spending our money in the general categories. The 1 I really want to highlight is the very significant investment in our embedded electrical architecture upgrade. This is really a significant move by Ford to not just invest in electrification, but move those products to fully digital updatable in all modules and go to a fully modern zonal electric architecture. I'm not going to go through the details, but this is a very expensive transition, but it will enable a whole new capability for the always -on experience than even today's connected vehicles like Mustang Mach-E. And I want to highlight that because it often gets lost in the other categories of investment and monetization.
Jim Farley: Yes. Yes. So when we talk about upgrading our electric vehicles, it's much more fundamental than just the investment, and the tooling, and the engineering of the electric vehicle and its components and propulsion. It also includes a completely new approach to an embedded software and hardware system.
Jim Farley: Sure. We'll have ground stock for sure in dealers. And we obviously have to keep the vehicle fresh. More and more of that will be the digital freshness of the vehicle. But I would say if you look at our 60 plus thousand unit order bank in North America, a lot of -- not all of those are Bronco s and Mustang Mach-Es. We're doing this for our whole brands.
Jim Farley: And just remember, in Europe, just [Indiscernible] Ford of Europe, the cross-border issue in Europe is not so small. We have holding centers and lots of ways to manage the stock. We don't plan to implement that system in the U.S. It evolved over time and we have one country. So I think we're getting -- our intention is, as John said, is not to handle it that way. In China, the team has made tremendous progress from a $1.5 billion loss hovering around breakeven now was slightly below that. And we're in a very important time for Ford in China. Lincoln is now profitable, and we just localized those models. We only launched Lincoln in 2015. I was there. So it's a recent phenomenon. And we're just about to launch a whole plethora of brand new vehicles, like we're doing in North America today. So we're on the eve of the Mustang Mach-E launch localized, and then we have all these new vehicles, the Evos, I can go on a long list, and it will be just like what we're seeing in North America, full of freshness, and that will play out over the next couple of years. So China is very important for our profit plans. I think the team has done a tremendous job in stabilizing our sales situation and improving our cost, and now And now it's going to be a growth story in China. We're just commercializing and industrializing the vehicles as we speak. And Mustang Mach-E, it's the first major one. Thanks.
Jim Farley: Yeah. It's a good question. Generally speaking, that certainly could happen. We don't know how the demand will shift. Obviously, our guess is 40% of [Indiscernible] , 240 gigawatt capacity by 2030. So we're busy making all that happen as you say, 40% is a lot -- is a lot higher than today and I think we have -- well, I know we have the right strategy for the Company. But so much of this transition is going to depend on government support, infrastructure buildout. And we need to be patient. And I think agility will become a very important skill for the Company. So far, the first inning would imply that Ford 's number 1 in sports car is Mustang, we're number one in vans with transit, we're number 1 in pickups with F-150. We're electrifying all 3 of those in the next 6 months. And so far, the demand is actually higher than we expected. So I don't know what's going to happen. We don't know what's going to happen. The support in China, but especially in Europe, has accelerated the BEV adoption in those regions. But as you say, we get into the next phase of expansion with a lot more product offering and all that capital pointed at BEV s, it's hard to say. And it's hard to handicap the government's policy at a government level. over time. I think the most important thing isn't how much money we're spending, because that's necessary -- that's enough. It is our agility and the kind of execution of our BEVs and our management of the profitability of those vehicles, and that's where we're putting our energy. The agility of our industrial system, our manufacturing, our focus on the profitability improvement and the vertical integration for key electric components, and making our vehicles different and more competitive than others. I know it's a very general answer, but I don't think we know enough to answer your question.
