James P. Hackett: Yeah, thank you, Adam. It's a straightforward. I love the job that I have. We're making tremendous progress. I get to look. This is a year ago that we had our first quarterly call and I've looked back and what we said we would do. We've made tremendous progress. We've made a number of decisions. In fact, a few are worth emphasizing. One is this product portfolio turnaround, all the work. Of course, as you know the industry, Adam, these are decisions that will fuel growth and profits in the future. I'm not blaming anyone in the rearview mirror, but I had nothing to do with the portfolio that we're now kind of laboring under in a couple markets. And we've taken really decisive action to address all of that. The second thing is, the fitness initiatives which we introduced, kind of an abstract word, everyone wasn't sure what it meant, we now have earmarked over $11 billion of value. We've started to work on our longer-term planning and we're expecting more to come from that. So it's had more traction than I first forecasted. The third thing is, is this team has really come together. I feel like, in any kind of endeavor I've been in, it takes time for a group of people to come together and work closely. You heard with these management choices. I'm really proud of the group that I have on side-by-side with me. And hell yes, I expect to be in front of everybody declaring where we're going and what we want to get done. So I think there should be zero question about that.
James P. Hackett: Dave, this is Jim Hackett. Let me confirm that setting this up does a number of things for us. If you look at the slide 38, it's on the right, this is the part you probably wouldn't see if you were peering into Ford where all the capabilities that we've been in the middle of managing, we now tie that together. And then the monetization on the other side, which is the promise of this whole business, which many of you have written about. This is expanding in terms of interest. Lots of people of course in other parts of our industry have received capital. So we've had people approach us. We're not disclosing any of that tonight, but yeah we've had interest. And I would just suggest to you a couple things. One, there's not going to be 10 winners in this space when we look back. There's going to be a few and we plan on being one of them. And we can look at the computer industry in a similar evolutionary way to see what happened as it took off. Two, the Argo AI team, we just met with Bryan today, is really making progress. In fact the velocity of the way the vehicle learns, you got to think about the compounding that you know about from miles driven. The velocity of its learning is faster than some of the chip capabilities that we contract for, which said another way is we're already advancing the neural network learning of this system beyond what people thought it might do, which is great because that's what it has to have in order to be safe and deployable. The third thing is that we've committed in our plan $3 billion of additional dollars. But that's a fair question to ask if there's more. And, Bob, I'm going to let you address that.
James P. Hackett: And that's where I want to sneak in to Adam and Ryan and all of your questions about how long have those weights been on those ankles. And so this is a credit to the team. In a very short time we're making decisions, planning. We're going to do this very thoughtfully, but with dispatch. And so I'm really proud of that and I'm a little mystified why that doesn't come through, because this, in previous calls, this was the question, are you really going to be candid, Jim, and take a deep look at things, and how quickly will you come to conclusions and what actions will you take? I do understand that it's fair that you want to know what kind of returns these bring and so we plan to update you on that. But I think this hard work has really happened, and so I'm happy where we stand tonight with what we know.
James P. Hackett: And I would add to that, Bryan, or John, that the fitness initiatives, which we've talked about, we've identified 19 of these. Those have come in richer than we originally projected. And so I'm going to assert here that as you stare at the volume as you do and you start looking at the profit performance of the business, it's still realizing lots of value that comes from these fitness initiatives.
James P. Hackett: It is the center of gravity. And so the company, yeah, the company has addressed that and it's an important thing. In fact, it's so important, it's the kind of thing I discuss with the board quarterly just so that everyone's on the same page about how important these people are to us.
James P. Hackett: Well, there's a huge commitment to that. I mean, the way the company thinks about this, we think about it in time phases of now, near and far and each one of them gets attention. I think that from a now perspective, we really know our business. We know where profit's coming from, where the challenges come from. I think when you stare at the China problem, we're taking full responsibility for what we would do differently with that. And it does go back to the things we've been saying, is that there was some what I would call weak signals that became profound about the product acceptance in China, Ford products and the aging. There were some things about the partnerships that need tuned up. We are a new team and we're committed to these folks and our dealers. So I'm confident. This is why I said this in my comments, that the things, Brian, that you wonder slipped away here, we actually know how to do. We've got really good people and know how to fix this. There is a sense, I just want to show you the humility of this, China is a really competitive market, hypercompetitive, 20 to 30 competitors that we didn't have a decade ago that are indigenous. So, but I love a challenge like this. I think that our ability to understand customers and use and translate that into product is going to be one of the big pillars of our recovery. As you think about though, the questions all the way through that time phase of just what we work on now, you can't forget the future. And in the middle of this, we've all been dealing in industry and business with trade and shifts in that regard. I'm really confident the team's been great at dealing with that. If you think about North America, we had all the effects, because we have supply at a higher percentage from North American steel than any of our competitors, same with aluminum. And here we are recording the kind of margins that we're seeing today. So I'm really happy with the unexpected events. A fire hits the company, and it's amazing, amazing what the people at Ford did to turn that around. And you see the extent of what it could have done to damage our business, and we think we're going to actually recover by the end of the year there. So this is just an endorsement that these kinds of things aren't hard for us to manage. And I'm confident that I really believe in everybody here and our ability to address all these things.
James P. Hackett: Well, I mean, you've had a long day in that regard, right, in terms of as you stare at the industry. So I think the headwinds relative to some of these unexpected things are why we've got to have confidence that this isn't being upended by trade and tariffs and things like that. I'll just make a statement that, I've said this before, the trade structures always have existed. And the best times that you can see business perform inside trade is when there's equilibrium. And forget for a moment who's winning and who's losing. Just think about you design your business to the certainty of that. So all of us are learning how to kind of deal with that unexpected nature. And who can speculate how long the uncertainty will stand? But we're ready to deal with it. I think when you think of Brexit, for example, it's probably lost in our reporting how profitable the UK normally is for us. And I'm reading about other aerospace companies who want to have you still waiting to see the evolution of that trade structure so they can make decisions. What we're telling you today with the forecast of the charges for restructuring, we're going ahead and starting to deal with the effects of all these things in a way that we get more control of our future.
James P. Hackett: Thank you. Lynn, so I'd like to just make some closing comments. Thank you everyone for joining us again today. We're committed, as you've heard over and over, that we're taking appropriate and decisive action to drive profitable growth, maximize returns of our business over the long term. We're through this process of identifying opportunities by region to redesign our business model. We are actively reallocating capital to areas where we can generate the higher returns including understanding restructuring and strategic partnerships. Remember, we've announced a few of these. There is a sense of urgency in the company. We're committed to this EBIT margin target of 8%, the high teens ROIC in 2020. And we realize that the China and Europe performance need to be clearer to you and to us in terms of a positive future. So thank you for following Ford and thank you for joining us today.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah and so, Adam, we can talk more about this later, but I think you're raising a really important point and I just want to make sure that investors and others who are listening understand why we shared what we did today. So first of all, you should expect that we will be using the earnings calls and other interactions that we have with you and investors and buy side, as things take place and as we can share what our thinking is and our plans and actions, we're going to be doing that real-time. So what I want to leave with you is this. If you go back to the prior quarter and the what I call, the bubble chart which is the high performing, low performing which we provide for the total company. And then you look at what we're providing today, which is like a next step forward. So we're showing you what that looks geographically. We've also shown you within each region where we have high performing and low performing parts of the business. The way I would encourage you and investors to think about all of that is, those are, if you will, roadmaps, not specific to the degree I understand you would like to see, but they are roadmaps. They are roadmaps in terms of the strong business that fits inside what, in the aggregate is a somewhat mediocre business, because of the low performing elements that we still have. But it's a roadmap in terms of where we're going to allocate more capital to. It's also a roadmap, in general, of where we're going to allocate capital from. So as you can imagine, that is a complex thing to do in terms of over the whole business. We're going to have to orchestrate this. It will play out over time. There are many constituencies that we're going to have to manage, because while those numbers that we gave you are large and substantial, they could be even larger if we don't manage this in the right way. I mean, we'd like them to be smaller, so we're going to not, if you will, tip our hand before we need to so that we can manage this in the most efficient and effective way that's possible.
Robert L. Shanks: No, I understand what you're saying, but let me just provide another, yeah, a few other thoughts for you and others to think about. So one reason that we wanted to provide it is because we have been doing a lot of work in terms of how we're going to redesign the business. We clearly have a point of view, maybe not complete yet, because we still have a lot of more work to do, but we have a point of view about what that redesign is going to entail. We're not providing the specifics for the reasons I mentioned, but it's clear that that redesign is going to be fundamental and it's going to be deep and it's going to really address these underperforming parts of the business.
Robert L. Shanks: The other thing I would remind you is we've been to the rodeo. If you go back 10 years, a number of guys that are sitting around the table and gals went through an enormous restructuring with similar types of numbers if not bigger in the restructuring of North America. And I was there on the day that Mark provided the first view of what The Way Forward plan was going to be. It was high level. We talked about numbers of plants that we might close. I actually looked at the details today. It turned out some of those plants were different. Some of the plants that we were going to close we didn't, and some that we ultimately closed, we didn't think we were going to. And the thing that's interesting about this and this is another thing that's important for investors to understand, because everybody wants to have the answer today. When we announced that in January of 2006, the last two plants, which we didn't identify at that time that closed were in 2011 when we closed Twin Cities which built the Ranger and St. Thomas in Canada where we built the Crown Vic, the Grand Marquis and the Town Car because it was the right time to do that. We were able to run them out, generate the cash flow, and manage that in the appropriate way. That is exactly the same approach that we're going to take now.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, so let me respond to that. So the way that I would think about that, Ryan, and obviously we'll provide more as we can as I mentioned earlier in the Q&A with Adam, think about it this way. We're showing you substantial parts of the business where we get extraordinary margins. And we've told you that we're only going to allocate capital to new investment opportunities going forward that generate the appropriate returns on capital. In the process, we will either move the low performing parts of the business through fitness or other means in the lower left quadrant up or we will dispose of them. So if you think about what that business looks like, it's going to be a business that rocks. It's going to be a business that generates very strong operating margins just as we do in North America and very, very strong returns on invested capital. It will look different. It will be different but it will be a much stronger business. And that's exactly what's behind the restructuring charges that we've shared with you today as the, if you will, the creation and the design of that new business.
Robert L. Shanks: So let me answer the first part of the question Ryan. And that question is exactly why, really it's one of the reasons why we wanted to start disclosing China the way that we are, because of the significance of what goes on outside the joint ventures which is all that we disclosed previously. So you're correct in your understanding that the JV is the $192 million decline that you see in the call-out box under the JV column. We've put against that the royalties because they come from the JVs. And you can see that they're giving us less on a year over year basis because of the volume decline. So when you think about the rest of the business and the consolidated business, think about it in normal situations we would see a good return, a good profit coming from the Ford imports and the major factor there would be the Explorer, which we've already announced we're going to localize. We have losses for Lincoln, no surprise because we've just started over the last several years to establish it. It's off to a good start. We even grew in the first quarter again. And that business model changes when we begin to localize, which starts in 2019. In fact, if anything, the business case is even stronger with the level of tariffs that we have today. The piece that you don't see and that's changed and that should change in a positive way as we move forward is around what I call net engineering expense. So Ford Motor Company engineers for the joint ventures today and we get compensation for that product when it comes to market and they start building it, let's say, three or four years from now. So there's a lag between the two. Jim has talked about the fact that we've got a big product onslaught that's underway, including BEVs, a much stronger lineup of SUVs, quite a number of products coming. So let me just give you a couple of things that will dimension this for you. If you go back to the 2015, 2016, 2014, 2015, 2016 period, the balance between the engineering that Ford incurred in the current year and the royalties that we were receiving from the joint ventures was pretty much balanced, 50/50, so there was no net impact, if you will, on the bottom line because the expense was offset by the royalties. In 2017, as we began this onslaught of engineering, if you will, for this big expansion of the portfolio, it started to tilt out of balance because we started to invest much more heavily in terms of engineering. But that's for products and an expanded portfolio that comes in years ahead. So we started to tilt out of balance in terms of net expense, net engineering expense. That net engineering expense this year, in an absolute sense, is about $600 million. So we've gone from balance to a negative net engineering expense of $600 million, and that's a $300 million increase on a year over year basis, which is part of the headwinds that we were facing. That's not part of the guidance change because we had expected that, but that is definitely a major, major factor in terms of the absolutes that we're looking at. As we move forward and the engineering becomes more normalized and we start to see the volumes grow coming from the expanded portfolio, our expectation is that we go back to a much more balanced position, which will be part of the improvement that takes place over time in the China consolidated business.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, in terms of the funding, we are setting it up obviously as a separate legal entity. We've done the same thing with Ford Smart Mobility, so there's optionality there. And it is to allow for other partners or participants in the future. We will be establishing a balance sheet if you will for them, but for now it will be funded internally. And I wouldn't disclose any details around that.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, what I expect it to do is basically to, if you will, we've got anchors. We swim in the water with ankle weights, big ones. And what we want to do is we want to get them off so that the real underlying strength of this company can come through. And I can tell you it's kind of interesting. Again, I went back and looked at – I actually kept all this stuff. I'm not supposed to. I think it's way past the time, but I kept all the files from back in 2005, 2006, and I was looking at the projections that we made of what would come out of what we called The Way Forward plan. I mean, it paled in comparison versus what we actually delivered. So the power of what this company can bring in terms of returns if it just invests in the right things in the right way and just releases the anchor weights that we historically have carried around with us for whatever reasons will be tremendously powerful.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, we're looking at that. I mean obviously, when you go market-by-market, and we even provided a few specific comments today that would tell you in certain regions that the majority of volume or revenue is actually low performing. We haven't done that across the board. But your supposition, John, is correct in terms of the magnitude of what we're having to address. But what I would also remind you is that there's a capital reallocation to new things. So while certainly, some things will be left behind and they should be, there will be new things that we'll be investing in that actually are already more friendly to us, we're already strong, and we see ways that we can expand our portfolio in those areas, both if you will, from a horizontal standpoint as well as vertically. And also Jim is working to identify and get ahead of future trends and try to get us in the forefront of providing products to address those consumer needs, so we don't find ourselves in the future in the situation where we're under-indexed, for example, in utilities in many parts of the world where so many customers have moved.
Robert L. Shanks: No, no, I'm laughing because I looked at the slides this afternoon. I said, oh, I forgot to add that. Yes, positive cash flow but lower than last year. Thank you for asking that.
James D. Farley: Yeah, thanks for your question. We have 16 launches in China, all of them in the second half, so we are still very optimistic about the impact of those launches. We have addressed the go-to-market capabilities and gaps that we've seen and dealer profitability etcetera. Most of the launches like the new Focus or new Escort are sedan silhouettes and most of the profit uplift for us and others is really around utilities. So as we build out in 2019 and 2020 the whole new lineup of utilities in China, that's when we're going to get the lift. So it's going to be great to see that revenue build in the second half. The profit will come with our utilities.
James D. Farley: Well, we're really confident about our leadership position in the truck market. Obviously, we have very new product. Super Duty is doing extremely well. We have good stocks, but they're on the low side. We've had great transaction price improvements despite the sell down of multiple brands' trucks. So we continue to expand our sales and unit volume. We have a refreshed product. As you know, we have the diesel F-150 at 30 miles per gallon, which is great for merchandising and for customers. We have the new Raptor coming, which is very popular and a significant part of our mix now and Super Duty just continues to get traction. Customers seem to really appreciate the powertrain improvements of F-150 including the 10 speed transmission and the other changes we made. So we think we're in great shape.
James D. Farley: That's a great question. We're through all of our past year cars. We have just S-MAX, Galaxy to go. We still have the commercial vehicles to go. It was definitely a lot of extra workload on the team, not only us, but also the homologation teams, but we are through it now. It's not a material impact to us as a company financially. We've probably had 0.1% or 0.2% maybe lost just because the delay in getting homologation done in terms of our sales. But we're on track and steaming along, which is really important for our light commercial lineup.
