James Hackett: Emmanuel, thanks. It's Jim Hackett. As I hand – I'm going to hand this question to Tim, but I just want to tell the audience tonight that this is Tim's first call as our CFO and he has really done a great job of feathering into the Ford culture, bringing new perspective, new questions and he's become a great partner. When we sat in front of you in January, I remember thinking about how we were going to help the Street see our year and sitting in front of us, from my perspective, as a CEO, was an open question about the tariffs, Joe can talk about the back and forth there. We were working on our corporate redesign; this is the white-collar kind of effort that management reporting layers. We had restructuring that you were just starting to learn about in Europe and we were actively working on our own recovery of China. In fact, I just came back from there. So, from January to July, I just want to report to you, Emmanuel, as you look at those five issues, we've – I'm really happy with the way the company's tackled each one of them and the progress we've made. And you kind of teed up the good question in the right when I think about the second half of the year, which are these product launches. So, tonight, I want to make sure that you see that this a capability that we have to prove we're really good at. I have a lot of confidence that we are and you'll hear that we've tackled the toughest one first in Explorer and Aviator. But Tim maybe before Joe, if Joe wants to add color on the launches, you could just talk about the guidance and how we worked ourselves to that.
James Hackett: Yes. Thanks. Thanks again. Some of the launches we've talked about are happening in Europe, for example, two-tonne Transit and Escape – and many of these launches around the world. But I just want to comment before we get too far down the path here that beyond the guidance that we've provided for the EBIT range, the EPS range, and most importantly free cash flow. We aren't going to be giving any further details on the inputs that go into the final output. So, for example, regional guidance or macro commentary or commodities or exchange to tariffs and so forth. So, recognize that to change. But we also changed by providing EPS guidance range and arrange for EBIT. So, I started coming on that in response to the question. Joe something else you wanted to add.
James Hackett: Yes, one thing, Tim, can I sneak something in? Do you know John Murphy and I have something in common? I just had a brand new baby granddaughter and I guess John Just had a new baby girl. So, John, we want to send out a hooray for that in hope every mom and baby are doing well. So, I mean, let's go back to her.
James Hackett: David, this is Jim. I would just – again, in my tour, I just was there and it came away where Europe is performing in terms of this restructuring really well. We've actually been speeding it up. So, I want to make sure there's confidence that that work is happening and proceeding well.
James Hackett: Yes, sure. Well, we're very proud of the first half performance in our F-Series trucks, strong mix as you noted, strong net pricing, and really for the first six months of the year, very pleased with the results. One thing we are seeing in the market is – the market will down a little bit in the first half a year on retail overall is up on commercial. And that's actually helping on the F-Series side where we're so strong. And you've just seen recent examples of how strong our truck products are in the marketplace. I mean, just today on the J.D. Power, a pure result came out and unprecedented event, we won all three trucks segments, Ranger, F-150, Super Duty won their segments and appeal. And that's against newer trucks, in the case of F-150. So, you can imagine how proud our team is of that. We have the lowest instead of spending the highest ADP as you know. This but our truck brands on F-Series continues to hold up very well and we're very pleased with our results and the trucks market itself was in terms have been growing. We're watching it very carefully. We were main competitive, but we also watch very carefully and maintain our discipline as we have always done. But actually, you're seeing our business hold up pretty nicely with all those considerations to take into account.
James Hackett: Yes. It's Jim. Colin, so the way we're monitoring this is, we took on the structure, the management structure, what we called the bureaucracy. So, we had four key goals in that. I'll just report to everyone; we exceeded every one of them. And this quarter was heavier in terms of impact of the cost of that than the first. There were more implications with people. And then in the restructuring, Tim, I'll let you talk about the flows there.
James Hackett: So, with the operator, I think it's time for us to wrap up. If it's okay, I'll go ahead and close with a few thoughts. I just want to say that our second quarter results demonstrate that this global redesign of Ford is driving positive shifts in our business and may emphasize today that the news in Europe is better and the redesign that we took with the bureaucratic structure of the company is – we met all the goals there. So, there is a lot of good news in this year of execution regarding that. Thus, we are improving our fitness and that was a goal to make us more competitive. We are driving a winning portfolio. The logic, as you know, to move out of the sedans and the products like Ranger are paying off and we see ourselves fortifying strengths and improving mix and there's a really strong commitment as Adam asked us to expand that electric vehicle portfolio quickly. And, lastly, the trajectory of the company is improving. We believe – and strong in terms of growth, cash flow and profitability. So, let me thank you for your attention this evening, and I'll turn it back to the operator.
Tim Stone: You bet. So, thanks for the question, Emmanuel. As you said, with the $4.1 billion in the books in the first half, the guidance range is $7 billion to $7.5 billion with growth up to 7% or $0.5 billion implies $2.9 billion to $3.5 billion, $3.4 billion, excuse me, in the second half. And as we said on the call is through these cadence of product launches and you can see in the materials, we distributed on Slide 5, the winning portfolio slide, we got a number of launches ahead of us through the remainder of this year and continue to ramp up on Explorer and Aviator. We have Corsair, Escape, Kuga, the two-tonne Transit, for example. And then normal seasonality as well. So, for example, in 2018, 56% of our profits came in the first half of the year and, as a reminder, again, we had – we have UAW negotiations concluded in this fourth quarter. So, we believe the guidance is appropriate based on what we're seeing in the business and including the risks and opportunities and that was appropriate to provide a range for the year.
Tim Stone: Congratulations. So, on the structural costs in North America, auto overall, it was go good auto overall so EBIT increased in 19% a year-over-year up from 60%. The first time and over three years or two consecutive quarters of a year-over-year growth and profit. And that's driven by structural costs. The commentary that I'd want to leave you with is structural costs are down ex-pension and OPEB overall. So as far as how that plays out for the rest of the year, again, that's factored into our, is one of the many inputs into our guidance.
Tim Stone: Yes. So, this is something that we want to kind of emphasize. We want to talk about color on China. So, Joe maybe you can feel that one.
Tim Stone: Yes. So again, as it relates to what's going to happen for the remainder of the year is factored into our guidance. I'll go back to the contract and structural costs, x pension of OPEB were flat, sorry, down in auto overall. So, what you're seeing there is us continue to execute on our fitness initiatives and the redesign and starting to see the early benefits from that in the overall EBIT results and in structural costs as well across the business.
Tim Stone: No, not at this point. I mean if you look at the fact that we continue to announce additional redesign actions in Europe. For example, Bridgend and then we continue to execute on our redesign initiatives and as those play out, over time, you'll see the benefits flow through the P&L.
Tim Stone: Yes, the cost savings that we're expecting from the redesign and restructuring actions are factored in the guidance for 2019 and as we go forward and give guidance for 2020, you'll see that reflected there. But we're moving as swiftly as practical to execute on all of the redesign initiatives that we have in front of us. As we talked about, we have had $1.2 billion in the quarter, $1.7 billion year-to-date in charges. You still have a way to go. The 2019 outlook is for $3 billion to $3.5 billion and then similarly from a cash standpoint. But those redesigns and restructuring initiatives are also factored into the European long-term target of 6%.
Tim Stone: This is Tim. Let me start with what we've been seeing as you said. So, in Europe, we saw an improvement of $126 million in the quarter that's year-over-year. And that's the first year-over-year improvement we've seen in two years. That's the reflection of the redesign initiatives and it's focused on the customer, in commercial vehicles, passenger vehicle, and imports from portfolio standpoint. So, a positive $53 million profit in Europe and that's driven by the market factors and commercial vehicles and structural cost declines, extension. In China, again, loss of negative $155 million, but the EBIT improve to $328 million year-over-year. And that's compared with Q1 and momentum of $22 million improvement. So, going from $22 million to $328 million, and as Joe mentioned earlier, the dealer health is much improved. The best has been from an inventory perspective in 18 months. And China results are driven by Lincoln volume, the structural costs improvements, and a favorable exchange. So, pleased with what we're seeing in Europe and China. From a guidance perspective looking forward, we expect $7 billion to $7.5 billion and the EPS to be driven by – led by the North America, Europe and China, with structural costs and a market factors in the key drivers.
Tim Stone: Great. Thanks Jim. So, as I mentioned earlier, we had $1.2 billion in charges in the second quarter and then from a year-to-date standpoint, it's $1.7 billion in charges. And we're saying $3 billion to $3.5 billion for the full-year. So, it's certainly implies you have quite a way to go yet for the rest of the year. Further detail on that, it wouldn’t be appropriate this time if you haven't made the decision on the ideas that we have for further redesign. But that's against the total backdrop of $11 billion over the next several years, all of which will provide us with opportunity over time to fundamentally continue to improve the underlying business and our cash generation growth opportunities and so forth. And then from a cash standpoint, we have had $0.2 billion in cash this quarter and so far, year-to-date $0.4 billion and we're expecting $1.5 billion to $2 billion for the year now. Last quarter, we thought it may be closer to $2.5 billion. So, it has some deferral of $0.5 billion to $1 billion into 2020. But as you said, there is ways to go yet and lots of opportunity ahead to continue to redesign the business for the future.
Tim Stone: So, on the commodity front, we were at $0.2 billion adverse to the first half, but beyond what we've seen thus far as it relates to macro trends or expectations is factored into the guidance. So, there's no further commentary I'd offer for the back half of the year.
Joseph Hinrichs: Yes. So quickly, I'll add. We have Super Duty launch towards the end of the year, which is really important and the seasonality is real. We have the European shutdowns and we have the North American shutdowns in the summer months and then, of course, there are the holidays later in the year. So, there is the annual seasonality. So, it's launches, seasonality and UAW negotiations. Thanks.
Joseph Hinrichs: Sure. Thanks. So clearly, we're glad to see the progress we saw in the first half of the year financially, especially on our consolidated results. Do you think about China in the last couple months? We have very aggressive sell down of the stage five emissions vehicles, especially in June. So, I think you start – I know you'll see some of the payback in the second half of the year, especially starting in July for some of that. So, we're watching what's happening in the industry there. Tim mentioned earlier that we were the lowest level of our dealer inventories in 18 months. So, we're feeling really good about where we are both with our stage five, stage six transition and dealer inventory overwhelmed and we're starting to see an improvement in dealer profitability. So, we're pleased with that. Our focus in territory products are building momentum. We still have a way to go, but they're building momentum and we have other products coming as Tim referred to especially escape it later in the year. Remember that year-over-year we'll have – we should we at this present state, we have lower tariffs than we had in the second half of 2018 because of the import duties going into China or 15%, which they were 40% in the second half of last year. So right now, that's the best positive year-over-year. I think we're all watching what's happening in the China industry I won't go too much into it because I think we're going to see how things settle down after the last couple months. So, the stage five, stage six transition, but we do expect some payback to that in the second half of the year.
Joseph Hinrichs: Rod, this is Joe. I just want to add – Rod, I kind of just add, jump in here just on the Europe piece specifically. There's been a significant number of announcements made this year and a lot of work by the team. A lot of that cost comes out over the preceding quarters, because we announced a 12,000 salary hourly agency positions that are going to be gone by the 20, but a number of those are still to happen. So that savings isn't in yet. And a lot of the plant restructurings, including some shift reduction, and other things that we have going on. It doesn't happen yet. So, I think you will see this play out over the next several quarters. Just to remind you though, as I said earlier, the third quarter in Europe typically the lowest quarter because of the shutdowns that we have in our plants. So, I just want to remind everybody that we're making very good progress on the structural costs in Europe, but we do have some seasonality to keep an even mind.
Joseph Hinrichs: Getting a lot of attention, so you're right. The regulations in Europe are not new to us. We've been planning for this really since 2013. And we have built the cost of this into our compliance into our business plans. We'll do it with electrification and improvements to our ICE powertrains. They're both important parts of the compliance plan. As we said, we don't anticipate incurring fines or purchasing credits, assuming consumer demands there for the new products. I wouldn't assume that we won't have a BEV in the marketplace. We said electrification and improvement to ICE powertrains are part of that. But we feel very confident in our compliance plans and we've been planning for this for quite some time.
Joseph Hinrichs: This is David. It sounds like he's asking about PD ratings of our customers and then what's the sources...
Joseph Hinrichs: Yes. Sure. So, thanks for the question. There is no question that in order for us to achieve the results, we're looking for over time in China our joint ventures, especially the Changan Ford joint ventures needs to improve its performance. I'd say that we have a lot of work to do. You referenced the consolidated operations – improvements in the second quarter and first half of the year. And part of it is the volume losses that we've seen and the due to sales, but also managing the inventory down to the lowest level in 18 months. We feel good about that. But going forward, we've just rebuilt the marketing and sales organization over the last several months with some very good hires and some very good restructuring. We're getting very strong participation with our joint venture partner, especially Changan and the rework we're doing with our marketing sales organization and the dealer relations. It's going to take some time to rebuild all of that, but I would say that we're on a path that we've seen over the last couple of months, we saw stability in our sales really for the first time in about 18 months or so. We have a lot of work to do. Part of it will be cost, of course. We have right-sized at least the manning part of our manufacturing. There's a lot more work to do, given the lower volumes on the overall manufacturing footprint. But the biggest opportunity for us is to rebuild the dealer profitability, the dealer engagement and the marketing sales organization in the joint venture and what to see – how long that takes, but we are making some good progress, but it's going to take some more time, and so – then of course the new products. Remember that, we said that we're going to localize five more vehicles starting in 2019 that will help the joint venture, because the number of those products like Explore, Lincoln, Corsair are built in the joint venture. So, some of that localization will really help the joint venture and of course the new product launches we have over the next 18 months will help in the JV as well. So that's clearly our number one focus.
