John Lawler: Yeah. So, hi, Rod. From a pricing standpoint, so far we have seen pricing just about offset the inflationary pressures that we've seen. And so, we've been aggressive with top line. We've been balanced with the incentives. We do expect the commodity inflation, as Jim said, to continue through the year. So the pricing that we've taken reflects that. And so I would say that, we've been aggressive so far starting last year from a pricing standpoint. I would also say that the dynamic between the volumes and the pricing is going to remain influx. And as we go through the rest of this year and volumes improve, we have assumed that in the second half you would see increased pressure on your incentives and that's assumed in our guidance. I would also say Rod that, right now, many of the dealers are transacting near or above MSRP across the industry. So that has to be a compression that's going to happen first on the pricing front. And we're watching that very closely. We've also taken actions where we can improve our pricing by work we've done with our dealers. So one of the things we did in the quarter is we adjusted our floor plan adjustment to the dealers. In the past we had paid them 1.5% of MSRP to cover the floor plan the carrying cost. And we've adjust that to about 75 days with the actual cost. So the actually cost of 75 day. So that's been a benefit that’s flowing through our pricing as well. So, we see it as dynamic. We do agree that as volumes increase, it will be dynamic relative to incentives. We're not pollyannish about that. We've reflected what we think is appropriate in the second half relative to incentives to adjust for the volume that we see coming in, but we'll also be aggressive on pricing. If commodity -- if commodities keep going up, we'll be aggressive as we can. So I think it's going to be a dynamic play as we go through the rest of the year. I would say though that when we step back and we look at the pricing relative to 2020 model year -- what we've taken since 2020 model year, we'd have to increase incentives considerably to offset that pricing. On a run rate basis, they'd have to move from -- I think we're in single-digits -- today low-single-digits. They have to move up into like 16% -- 15%, 16% to offset that pricing. So -- and that's back at a time when we had extremely high inventories and we had a very push-through process and we're not going to go back to that. We're going to be very disciplined with our inventory. So... 
John Lawler: Yeah. We expect those results to continue. We were in Europe hampered by the supply chain reductions. But, it was nice to see that even though we were hit by that, Europe did post a better than expected quarter for us. So, we're continuing to do well in commercial vehicles. We launched the E-Transit, which has been very well received. Mustang Mach-E has been very well received as well. So, we do expect the business in Europe to continue to improve in the second half as the rate and flow of supply improves for them as well.
John Lawler: Yes. So John, that's exactly right. That's what's hitting us from a cash standpoint. And the inventory increases is for the most part the vehicles on wheels at 53,000 units. We have a cost for those in our results, but we have no revenue for them. And as they build out and we complete them in this quarter and into the third quarter, we'll start to get results for that to the bottom line. And then we're primarily are more profitable vehicles and it's primarily F-Series and Explorer. So, there's definitely an opportunity there that will start to roll through the bottom line once we start shipping those out. And the reason why -- one of the reasons why we built those John, because the modifications we need to make, we're very confident, we can do that without compromising quality. But our production is fully subscribed. So we would have lost these units if we hadn't built them and set them aside until the chips are available.
John Lawler: No. The profits aren't recognized in the quarter, right? But the costs, we backed out like for labor et cetera that's been all backed out. That's an inventory.
John Lawler: Yes. Colin, thanks for the question. When we had our Capital Markets Day event, we signaled that we were targeting $1 billion to $2 billion of warranty opportunity by the mid-decade. In 2021, we delivered $1.4 billion of that. So, roughly 70% of that total opportunity. When you look at Q1 of this year, we had a deterioration. Some of that was just a non-repeat of items that we recognized in 2021 that didn't flow through. This is still a huge opportunity for us. It's the number one priority for us as -- for my team, as a skill team is really focusing on improving quality warranty as well as recall performance not only because of the drag on the business, but more importantly, because of the impact on our customers. So this is something that we're really focused on. And as Jim and others highlighted earlier, it's a huge opportunity for us to eliminate waste within the company and offset some of those commodity and headwind costs that we discussed earlier. 
John Lawler: The mix assumption is that, we'll revert back to a normal run rate mix that we would expect to see. We were disproportionately hit in the first quarter by a commodity module and Hau can talk more about that. He's better to talk about it than I – than me than I can. And his – the team has worked through that. So we believe we have that resolved. So we should see a more normal run rate of our mix as we move forward.
John Lawler: Yes. So, the lower CapEx that reflects no change in our intended investment in electrification or our fully networked architecture et cetera. It's just timing differences in this year relative to what we saw at the beginning of the year. So, you can still expect us to continually invest. We have the capital to do that. The balance sheet's strong. So, it doesn't reflect anything on where we see the business heading. It's just timing differences for the most part.
John Lawler: Yes. So I think what you see there is exactly that. There's no change to Ford Credit. We are seeing higher inflationary pressures. We are seeing higher top line pricing that's coming through, but we're also working on cost offsets as well. So I think it largely remains what we had talked about last time. We're just seeing higher inflationary pressures and higher pricing flow through.
John Lawler: No. I don't think that it's as high as $2.5 billion, Emmanuel. It's -- there's growth in there, but it's not as high as that. I think that when you look at the walk relative to what we had provided last time, most of the inflationary pressures that we're seeing are being offset by a combination of additional cost reductions, pricing and mix that's flowing through, but it's not as large as that as what you had just indicated.
John Lawler: And then on the dividends the dividends are a function of overall profits and balance sheet size and leverage. And in this case you heard the guidance on profits and into the balance sheet. We don't expect much growth this year just given where we are in the vehicle constraints. So the majority of profits – we don't have a specific number.
Doug Field: Sure. To start with I'm really excited about what we're building off of in Ford strength. These are cost bases that I'm drooling over in terms of the future products. But when we talk about EV specifically, the first thing we have to do is really control the battery materials and the chemistry there the single largest build materials opportunity of course but the next is really obsessing over how we use those materials and chemistries. Energy efficiency is a religion and the team is really stepping up to this. Every single watt of consumption is now being tracked and optimized. And on the new programs changes in aerodynamics and drive unit optimization we're seeing dozens of miles of improvement in range. That's hundreds and even in some cases thousands of dollars of battery that we can take out. Finally I think really going after a true ground-up approach to how we build EVs. They're different than internal combustion vehicles. And you could take advantage of that and really change the number of – in our next F-Series EV factory we're going to have on the main line half the stations that we use today to build a Lightning. So I'm very optimistic with this journey that we have some really good ground to make up on margin.
Doug Field: No. Ford, a number of years ago started Ion Park, which is a team of experts really focusing on chemistry. Lithium-ion phosphate, of course, we know from the industry is something that takes you away from the dependence on nickel. That will be a part of our battery, and we're also looking chemistries that give us an opportunity to be less dependent on the specific materials that everyone seems to be fighting over in the market.
Doug Field: Thanks. Yes. We did think a lot about this and I had a great partner in Hau to figure out how we were going to take best advantage of Ford's deep capabilities that I have not access to in my prior roles. So, the organization is set up, where Ford Model e can't and doesn't build cars by themselves. We rely on an industrial platform that does great [Technical Difficulty] and Ford Model e contribute software [Technical Difficulty] systems back to Ford Blue. So, there's an interdependency that really helps the team work, I think.  As far as attracting talent, I've been really delighted and surprised by the kind of talent that we can attract from tech. I think there's a certain amount of fatigue in the tech world and a lot of mature products out there. The opportunity to work on high technology, but do it in a brand that is so iconic in the United States and something that is so -- such a rich product like a vehicle is really attracting some great people.  Finally, I think from a talent perspective, Ford Model e is also helping us really dig into the internal team and find great people who can step up take on different kinds of roles, be put in positions of authority and really help drive us forward. There are great people here. 
Jim Farley: I just want to say on the Super Duty obviously that's a quarter of profitability as a company globally. And when we look at the customer usage, we just don't feel at this point that an electric solution is going to be ideal for most of those customers. So our vehicles will be really focused on light duty and the lower end of Super Duty for sure, but not 250s 350s 450s. That's a whole different ball of wax. They require a lot of [indiscernible]. Heavy batteries that doesn't make sense.
Jim Farley: Yes. We've been working on LFP for quite some time, so let's just leave it at that. What I mean by that is, engineering LFP solutions in our first generation of products something that we see is a big opportunity and to move quickly.
Jim Farley: Hau, do you want to comment on that specific comment because I – commodity, because I think it is really material.
Jim Farley: Our opportunity is really around our cost in our Blue business. That's how we look at it. In terms of investing, we need to invest in a fully networked advanced electric architecture. We need to advance – we need to invest in Level 2 and Level 3 autonomy. We need to invest in a new portfolio and changing our industrial system over to these electric digital products. We need to invest in our OS software that supports all of that. And we need -- we believe very strongly we need to invest in Level 4 autonomy.  So at this point in time, I don't personally see any discretionary -- our Ford+ plan is so specific about where to invest. That -- at this point in time, our real work that we need to do is to get after these inefficiencies and improve the productivity of our base business. That's really where we're focused. And of course, it's implied that as a management team we need to make these investments as efficiently as we can for all this new technology and growth. I hope that makes sense to you. 
Jim Farley: I think reception has been terrific. We worked hard on this and we were prepared. We know -- we knew kind of what we needed to communicate to the employees and why this is necessary and why it makes sense. So, I think the reception has been good. The proof in the pudding is going to be how this executes. And we're -- that's why I wanted to give an update actually in my comments on what we've done since March 2 and a lot has changed. Doug over to you. 
Jim Farley: Thank you. It really comes down to the commodities -- semiconductor-related commodities that have been hamstringing us. We, obviously, are spending a lot of money on premium freight and other things to work around COVID escalations in China. But really the second half of the year's production increase relates to those. So Hau I don't know if you want to add anything specifically.
Jim Farley: Thank you. Well, first of all Argo, and Ryan continue to make great progress technically on the SDS for Level 4 autonomy. We're very happy with the technical progress. Number two, we really see maybe different than others Level 2, Level 3 and Level 4 as two distinct products. Yes, Argo could help us with our semi-autonomous capability, but we feel like that would be a big distraction for them, which we do not want them distracted at all. And number three it's taking time. And this is expensive stuff. And so from our standpoint getting access to the capital markets is very critical to give us the flexibility to continue to fund this for many years to come. One thing I would say is we're very focused on partners that would be aligned strategically with Argo, use cases that would be very material in the deployment of Argo's technology. And we're getting more and more interested as a company maybe a bit of a strategic shift on goods movement. It's aligned with our commercial vehicle business and our customers feel they're getting more and more interested in middle mile specifically. I think that's a material update for Argo and hopefully that helps you.
Jim Farley: No. I mean, our -- absolutely not. I try to make that -- I'll say it twice. We are really excited about our growth opportunity in EVs. We have electric architectures to invest in, shop for OS, we have partial autonomy to invest in, full autonomy to invest in. That's all part of our Ford+ plan. It's essential to our move to always on. We obviously have lots of investments in building out our service portfolio for Ford Pro. We're not holding back on any of that. The cost drivers that we see are things like obviously manufacturing, as we simplify our ICE lineup. And as Doug said, really completely redesign our manufacturing process for EV. We have opportunities in sales and -- marketing and sales opportunity in engineering, as we simplify our lineup and of course warranty and other areas. So I think we're – we know exactly what we need to do.
Jim Farley: Yes. I mean we're not going to parse out the guidance. It's 11.5 to 12.5. It's a dynamic environment. We're working to offset all the headwinds and maintain the guidance. But as far as passing out where we sit within the guidance of 11.5 to 12.5.
Jim Farley: And I'll just make it really clear on the overall company's automotive performance financial performance. The second half is very critical for us. It's just a very critical time for the company. We have the opportunity to build in volumes we haven't for a while. And we have a lot of great fresh products, a lot of costs coming in the business but second half is really critical for the company.
Hau Thai-Tang: Yeah. Thanks John. So as John mentioned in his remarks in March, we had the highest production run rate that, we've seen frankly in the last couple of quarters. That's the result of a lot of hard work, with all of our suppliers at every level of the value chain to break constraints, ensure that we're getting our fair allocation, as well as expediting freight to pull ahead some of the available supply. In parallel, the design actions that we've taken over the past year to design our way out of some of these constraints are coming online. And if you guys reflect on last year many of our wafer and chip suppliers started implementing capacity actions, and those are also coming on in the back end of the year. So that's what's giving us the increased confidence around the guidance that John highlighted.
Hau Thai-Tang: Yeah. So we had a wiper module that was deployed on our most profitable vehicle lines as John mentioned our large pickup trucks and utilities in North America. So we had limited ability to do any mix management and flex, with other lower-profit vehicle lines. That issue has been resolved. We've designed our way out of it. And again, we have a line of sight to not only support the back half of the year production, but also address some of vehicle on wheels with that commodity.
Hau Thai-Tang: Yeah. Mark so the two hotspots that you highlighted Ukraine, Russia I think we've done a really good job of managing that and minimizing any large significant production risk mostly because of our global sourcing patterns and we were able to get parts from other areas of the world. In terms of China, we're scaling the Shanghai area. We have about 50 Tier 1 suppliers there. Our focus is on our profit pillar vehicles, and as Jim mentioned really leveraging expedited freight. We've secured fast maritime shipment as well as airlift capacity to protect our suppliers. And then they're just starting to have a white list process to allow suppliers to resume production. So we're working with our teams on the ground in China to help those suppliers get partially operational. So those actions we think will really help us. And as Jim mentioned what's going to be gating us is semiconductors. A lot of these constraints are nested within that. So it comes down to the work that we're doing on the semiconductor supply.
