John Murphy: Good evening, guys. Jim, just in your comments and the way you're discussing everything, all the actions you're taking at the company, it kind of feels like the restructuring actions that you're talking about, $11 billion non-cash, $7 billion cash will be over a multiyear period and maybe more of a rolling process as opposed to what some of us in the industry are used to as sort of a big-bang outline of a plan and massive charters upfront. Is that possibly a correct characterization and we're going to learn about this along the way? Because $7 billion and $11 billion over a three-to-five-year period in the auto industry can get washed out in the total to some degree. I'm just trying to understand how you're thinking about this, if this is more of an ongoing rolling program as opposed to a big-bang one.
John Murphy: Okay. And then just a follow up on this. I mean, we're two years away from where you talking about hitting 8% EBIT and high teens return on invested capital. Obviously, market dynamics have changed dramatically more recently, so understandable. But just curious, what kind of market dynamics you need to hit those numbers? I mean, are we looking at sort of – is this sort of a mid-cycle thought process? I mean, just really trying to understand what you're thinking about there, because it is a big change.
John Murphy: And then just one last quick one on market dynamics. Net price in North America, negative $318 million, a little bit surprising to the downside. Obviously, mix is a huge, more than positive offset. Just curious what you're seeing in the dynamics in the North American market because some of the data we're getting externally is kind of positive and negative and it's kind of a little bit unclear to understand exactly what's going on there.
James P. Hackett: Yeah, I think if I could have some license to think of the language a little differently, let me set this up for Bob, which is the way Bob and I think about this is I've come into the company trying to assess the design of the business kind of at an underlying level. Design for, as you know, John, reduced capital, higher margins, but there's other things, clock speed. We're talking about things moving faster. And when you think about that, I sit in your shoes and you say, hey, when will we know this? At what rate are you making these things happen? What I remind everybody of is we first have to find the areas that need the attention. We're through that. We then have to design the solutions for them. We're through a lot of that, but not all of it. And then we have to put them in place and perform. So if you read any hesitancy from me, it's not that we don't know where we're going or that we don't know how to do it, it's that it's a massive undertaking that we have to have very thoughtfully orchestrated. Because my experience in doing this is the worst thing we could do is disrupt our business and we aren't going to do that. So now, the accounting of it and things like that, I'm going to turn it to Bob and let him – give your opinion on that.
James P. Hackett: And, John, just to confirm too, you know that at the point where you're examining these kinds of options, if there was expedience options or more big bang ways of doing things, yeah, I was open to all kinds of ideas like that. That's what we've already plowed through. And so your understanding tonight should be just the way Bob and I are describing it.
James P. Hackett: And, John, it wouldn't be fair to say it takes a full five years, right? So part of the reason we're going to have a gathering where Joe Hinrichs takes you through a deeper understanding of the fitness actions is that you can see the range of things in terms of – some of them are, what I call, the now-near-far kind of clock. Some of them are now. Some of them are actually impacting now. I think we're trying to be really clear that North America, some of its results are from many of the fitness actions that we put in place a year ago. But you're also right that some are going to take longer because they're more complicated design challenges.
James P. Hackett: And this is the tough kind of leadership question. We have to keep our foot on the throat of our performance, so we are doing that. All of us are really happy actually about the momentum we're building as we adjust that target. Isn't that ironic? But we think it's important as we get a better handle on our business that we share with you that we need to change the timeframe on that.
James P. Hackett: Thanks, Joe. I'm going to let Bob add to this, but in my text, remember I made reference to resiliency more than once. Because one of the things we hope to convince you of is that the design of the business has more resiliency in the downturn. So it's my expectation that you wouldn't be modeling that the way you used to. But Bob, how would you...
James P. Hackett: And we want to emphasize that we don't know how we've lost control of the way that's been projected, but we've been consistent saying that we plan to pay the regular dividend in this five-year plan.
James P. Hackett: Again, I'll turn this to Jim Farley, because Jim has been making a trip there almost every three weeks and you've heard about the news in the organization. I've been talking to the partner. While we've been fixing Ford's problems, there's a lot that's been going on in China. And Jim, you might share what you're seeing the last three months in China at large.
James P. Hackett: Well, the good news is – great question – good news is we have not seen any sentiment change at the consumer level. In fact, Lincoln is up about 3% year over year for us, despite having to take pricing. So we see continued very strong demand. We watch the favorability of both the Ford and the Lincoln brand monthly and we have not seen any change in the favorability of the brand as of yet. And this is a very important question about localization of Lincoln. We haven't been specific about the model. But one of the keys to our profit improvement plan for China will be accelerating our localization. We've already announced a Ford-modeled Explorer as well as a Lincoln model and that's very key to our progress.
James P. Hackett: Okay. Well, WLTP has been a really large effect in Europe. As you know, it's had a pretty big industry effect. The great news is that Ford planned this very thoughtfully. We had no capacity issues, very little in our transition to 6.2. We're already through that transition. So Joe's team did a fantastic job and we don't really see any hiccups in our business due to that. But I know it – obviously it has a big impact on the industry as a whole. We're seeing – we're kind of entering the second month of a hangover for the sell-down of 6.1, but we're through that now as a team. As far as Europe is concerned, Bob mentioned it, we have such a gem in our LCV business, continues to get stronger actually for us. Our share goes up. Even if the UK, our leading market is down, we continue to make more progress. The opportunity for us in Europe is twofold for our profit turnaround. The first is costs in every part of our business and the team is really – continues to accelerate that work and we're working with all of our stakeholders on that. The other one is addressing our mix deficit on our passenger cars. We just have been under-representing the utilities, as Jim said, globally, but especially in Europe. But that all changes as we launch a new generation of utilities in Europe and even add nameplates next year and beyond. So I think the mix effect and cost will be key.
James P. Hackett: We believe as the utility business in the U.S. becomes a lot more competitive, given all the nameplates have been launched, Bob said we really feel like there's two big bets for Ford. The first is differentiation, where we're going to expand the number of nameplates into more differentiated, like authentic off-roaders or really fantastic on-road urban crossovers. But the other one is to address our total cost of ownership. We feel that for models like Escape, for them to continue to be great profit opportunities for the company, the residual value, the fuel economy performance of the vehicle, these are critical metrics for this leadership team. And as Bob said, we are actually taking some short-term share decisions on Escape to protect the transition to the new vehicle as well as protect our residual value to minimize our variable marketing spend. And that's another reason why we've had this mix effect.
James P. Hackett: Yeah, yeah, okay. I'm trying to get at how precise you want that to be. So this is where I guess I was a minute ago, David, that we're seeing definite benefits now in our business. We said these were back-end-loaded because of the description I gave you a moment ago when I was reminding you how these processes get identified, to be reengineered, to be put in place, to realize value, kind of those four steps. So more value comes in the future. But it is happening and I've cited for you in North America is where I'm seeing early benefits. There's a concept that we've called yield management, which is one of the 19 that we're seeing real-time benefits there.
James P. Hackett: Again, David, I'm sorry, but let me see if I can reframe that. So you realize the refreshing – the freshening that we just have done that we're just launching, the – kind of the capital that we have spent there, tied to the new products is one thing. And then this concept of these architectures, all the new things that are coming after this most recent refreshing. And so we have, in the five-year plan, definite capital improvements. I think I mentioned that in the text.
James P. Hackett: Thank you very much. Just want to confirm quickly that we're moving with urgency to execute against this strategy. We are pleased with signs of our success. These are early signs, including strong results as we just talked about, with the EBIT margin in North America of almost 9%. We're very, very happy with the strong balance sheet with over $34 billion in liquidity and we're making great progress on the product portfolio, I can't emphasize that enough. The dealers last week with lots of applause supported that. The redesign of the business includes these strategic partnerships with VW and Mahindra. They're all on track. And finally, we look forward to sharing more about this global redesign of the company. We are going to be coming to you more frequently, including we're going to talk about these strategic partnerships in the near future. Thanks for your coverage and we look forward to our next call.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, I just want to supplement what Jim said. I think that's a perfect way of thinking about the way you expressed it, John. I'm very thankful for the question. When you think about the business and even if you look at the quarter, we have a strong North America, can be and should be stronger, but it's now gaining momentum. We have a strong Commercial business in Europe despite the loss that we had in the quarter. We talked about a big part of geography in terms of the market outside of China and Asia Pacific, a 9% margin. I didn't talk about MENA, but there we had I think a 7% or 8% margin. A small market, but it's 1.3 billion consumers and it is going to grow dramatically over the next 10 years and we're already starting to see the ability to be profitable there. So it's the rest of the business, right? And that business has got to be fundamentally redesigned. The restructuring is an output of that or a result of it. It's not a restructuring play, it's a redesign play. The result is the consequence of this restructuring and it will unfold. There will be, I presume, spikes. There'll be like a big thing that comes in this region at a certain point in time and then maybe it's a bit quiet for a while then something else big as we get to that next chapter of what's going to be an unfolding story. So I think that's a perfect way to think about it, which also I hope – I know it's frustrating, but I hope it helps investors understand why one can't sort of go to the last page of the book and look at the ending. It's got to sort of unfold. And that's – and we'll share everything with you as we can and as things are announced.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, I mean, our business planning period is five years. There will be a lot that is completed in five years, but frankly, I think there'll be some elements that go on a bit beyond that. Let me just give you a good example. We may have made recent investments in new products that a normal cycle would be to run for five years. As long as those products are generating positive cash flow and sort of an incremental basis, we'll run them out. So we're not going to short cycle them at the expense of being able to demonstrate how strong we are in taking action. We want to generate cash. And so the consequences then of that running out and not redeploying capital in that particular location or plant or segment could result then in something that takes place outside the period.
Robert L. Shanks: I think it's really more around timing. We had expected to hit those types of numbers in our five-year planning period. Back earlier in the year, we saw the opportunity to do that earlier through the impact of the fitness actions. But subsequent to that, we've seen more bad news on commodities, some related to policy, some not. We've seen issues on exchange. We've seen South America take another dip and so forth. So, there's – Turkey is another one, Russia. So, there are other issues. And then, frankly, what we saw happen in Europe and in China that was unrelated to externals, we expect and are addressing them very aggressively. But as you kind of flow that through to 2020, that could still have some sort of negative impact versus what we had expected back in April. Trust for that not to happen, but based on looking at the numbers today, that's where we are and we've just got to disclose what we see and that's where we are. But certainly, we're not backing off and we certainly see the ability to achieve the 8% margin and the mid-teen ROIC in the years ahead.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, I guess from a couple of standpoints. Joe, one is, and this has been our view for quite a long period of time, is that we do expect industry to decline over the next number of years, I mean, still be strong absent a recession, but to decline in part due to affordability from all these increasing transaction prices and ultimately the effect of rising interest rates on monthly payments. We also have not assumed that there is any material change in the level of commodity prices that we're seeing, and that's hitting North America more than any other business unit. And that includes the bubble that we presently have in place that's a result of some of the policy decisions that have been made. So that's not assumed to back off. So all those could be opportunities if that weren't the case. And then of course we do normal modeling, both variable and central cases around other scenarios that affect each of our regions and as well as North America. So if there's something else that you had in mind, but that is sort of the present thinking around those assumptions.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, it's important. I mean, we have been there before, don't want to go back. But the impact is largely on, firstly, Ford Credit. We have to fund them to the tune of over $40 billion a year. And of course some of that is unsecured, some of it's securitized. So it impacts the size of the market that we have available for that funding and obviously the cost of it. Ultimately Ford Credit is going to pass that cost along to Automotive, so at the end of the day it sits in Automotive in terms of the impact. But it's important. I think it's an important thing. It's not around the balance sheet. It's not around the fact that we pay a dividend. It's around the operating performance of the business. It's very, very clear in talking with the rating agencies that even if we stop paying the dividend, that doesn't address the operating performance. So we're extremely focused, going back to what Jim talked about around the EBIT margin, return on invested capital, we are extremely focused on getting this business back on to a stronger operating performance track, because that is the issue that the rating agencies are expressing concern around. Obviously it relates to cash flow generation at the end of the day, but that is what we've got to focus on, is that issue. It's not a dividend issue; it's an operating performance issue.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, we haven't – not done that, I mean we're just simply saying it's not going to be in 2020. Since we had put that marker out there and based on what's happened since then, we're compelled to share with you that we don't see, at the moment, a way to get there. So we're simply saying, not in 2020. But as I mentioned in my earlier comments, certainly we're trying to get there as soon as we can. But I'm not going to put a timeframe on it because I don't want to have to come back again and change it.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, it's almost nothing. It's almost all product mix. And about 60% of it is that we're selling – as a percent of our total sales, we're selling more F-Series, more Navigators, more Expeditions, more higher margin products. And about 40% is that we're selling less of cars, but also the Escape. And I think the Escape one is an interesting one. We're going to launch a new Escape next year. And Jim might want to comment on it. We're actually taking conscious actions, decisions to kind of pull back a bit on volume because we're trying, not trying, but we're protecting, if you will, residual values and protecting the nameplate brand as we prepare for the launch of the new one. So as a result, less of those, so it's benefited us to the tune of favorable mix overall. Do you want to comment on that? And it's a great example of like the work we're doing around the product rooms.
Robert L. Shanks: We haven't adjusted our EBIT guidance reduction, our guidance. We had a guidance on EPS and that is still within the range of $1.30 to $1.50. We've not provided any guidance on EBIT. So it is incorrect to assume that there's a reduction.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, it's been – for the year it's several hundred million dollars. I wouldn't be more specific than that.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, the only thing I would add and Joe can tell me if I'm wrong – but I think, David, conceptually, some of these things were piloted with our C2 platform, which is the new platform that underpins the Focus, the new Escape that comes and so forth. So a lot of it was piloted on that. That's already starting to go into our plants. So I think the learnings from that have just been further developed. So unlike some competitors who had huge changeover costs associated with going to a different approach, we don't see that happening inside Ford. And in fact, as Joe mentioned, we expect to see efficiencies moving forward.
Robert L. Shanks: So I'm not providing anything other than saying that we're very comfortable with the range that we've provided and expect the business to come in within that range at the end of the year. In terms of cash flow, I'm not providing any guidance on cash flow, other than for the full year, which should still be consistent with the guidance we've provided all throughout the year, which is positive, but down from last year.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, North America should. I mean, that's one of the things that Kumar and the team are working on with their Return to 10 initiatives. I mean, at this point in the cycle, it should. But if you think about the headwinds that Ford has around commodities, it's about $1.5 billion this year and the vast, vast majority of it sits in North America. So that alone is worth quite a bit of margin, if you will. So I think if anything, you've raised a point around some of the increases we've seen recently in warranty costs. You think about that, you think about the commodities, we're investing in EVs, which of course has an impact, we're not selling them yet, all those things and to see North America starting to pick up a pace in terms of its margin, it's 9% or near 9% in the quarter. It's very, very encouraging because they really should be operating at that type of 10%-plus level at this point in time. They understand that and that's what they're working to achieve.
James D. Farley: Certainly, in the utility and car markets, we're seeing more pressure because of availability, but it's really encouraging to see Ford's performance in full-size truck. Our transaction price is up more than the market. Our share is up. It's never been a more competitive segment. Ford's lead continues to grow. And we've had meaningful product investment, new diesel, Raptor is being well-received, new powertrains, so that all helped. I think the opportunity for us is, as we refresh those utilities next year, we really accelerate our opportunity for pricing and mix. These are high-volume products for us with enormous car parks and we're going off older vehicles to brand-new vehicles. I think we'll have the freshest utility lineup in the U.S. here pretty soon. So as far as the background market, I think it's – we're really in a bit of a different situation given the freshness of our products, so great opportunity for us.
James D. Farley: Among others. We actually have more Lincoln. We have quite a few and of course, we have 13 million pickup truck owners in the U.S. and we're about to launch a great new Ranger, which is a brand-new nameplate, so it's not just utilities, it's also pickup.
James D. Farley: Sure. Well, first of all, this is such an important and urgent work by the team. The good news is we've addressed the error states we had, which is great. The stocks are down to 45 days. Dealers are profitable again and our sell-down units for these new products, the three that Bob mentioned were in fantastic shape. So we – I think we are in really good foundation for the launch of these new products that come basically, as Bob said, in the first quarter. And these are high volume products for us. Anning is a very experienced operations leader. And we feel that the accelerated costs, addressing the cost in the business is really essential for our profit turnaround in China. He has deep experience in purchasing, engineering and these are going to be keys to our turnaround in China for profit. The other one is profit line management, which has really yielded so much benefits here in North America. With these new launches, a launch mix in rates, series, feature content, we have a tremendous opportunity to drive better margins in China. So as far as the Ford team is concerned, this is all hands on deck, as Jim mentioned, and we are working urgently and as a team, as you can imagine.
James D. Farley: Yeah, industry, as you know in the third quarter was down about 10% in China. To be honest, that's a bit expected because the previous two years, there was a purchase incentive boost to the industry, which was eliminated this year. We saw a pretty big hangover in the first quarter. Industry demand came back, but it has not really recovered to last year's level in the third quarter. As Bob said, there's a lot of speculation about incentives or not. Look, our turnaround in China is really up to us. It's about our new products and our cost performance. But we definitely see a weaker market there. Some of it is external. Some of it is internal, like the purchase tax I mentioned. But for us, the opportunity is within our control.
