Jim Farley: Thanks, Adam. It depends -- well, first of all, our first three EVs are all very different in terms of pricing. I think the Lightning's price is up $11,000 since we launched, and E-Transit is up a lot. So -- and of course, we're increasing production to get that scale benefit. So the most important thing we've learned three or four years ago is be careful where you compete, and we have selected where we compete extremely carefully. We want to go after segments where we have a great reputation, but there's a lot of conquest customers. And we want to innovate beyond just the powertrain, like Pro Power Onboard and as well software. We now know the three shippable software stacks: safety and security, productivity for Pro and, of course, partial autonomy. All those are really great hedges against the inevitable overcapacity in certain segments. We could see the overcapacity in the two-row electric utility segment like years ago, Adam. Literally, like before we had finished the Mach-E development. We knew this was coming. That's why we got our team together. We brought down the cost of the bill of material by $5,000. We aren't waiting for a minor change. We're not doing things like we normally do, and we continue to get the data off the vehicle to make the software better and better so the customers' vehicles get better every day. So I would say the message from me as the CEO is that, we are not going to price just to gain market share. We will always balance a healthy profit roadmap in the first generation of products, it's pretty challenging because we didn't know what we didn't know four years ago when we designed them. But now we're two years into designing the second cycle. And in Capital Markets Day, we will take you through why we believe that 8% margin is totally realistic, despite all the pricing pressure that we will absolutely get, because everyone wants to grow. So, I would say, we're quite different than maybe some of the pure EV players that are pricing just for growth. We will always balance that, because we want a profitable EV business, and we're pulling every lever we can in the first-gen products. The second gen is where we can really make hay.
Jim Farley: Yes, absolutely. Look, we all have to plan our business professionally, and scaling is important. Look what happened in the first quarter for Model e. We want that scaling benefit, but that is not success. In fact, I would say, the more we study this -- our trip to China was a real epiphany for our leadership team. I would say, the more -- the thing that I look for as a CEO is not necessarily just the volume growth, it's actually how fast we use the data off the vehicle to make the customers' software experience better. That, to me -- the quickness of that loop is the fitness for differentiating brand and profit in the future for this new digital product category we happen to call electric vehicles. To me, yes, volume is important, but that quickness of that loop, which we're already on a 10 million OTA. We've now gained 65% more miles traveled on BlueCruise in three months. We were only 42 million miles three months ago, we're now at 70 million, and the reason why that's growing so fast is because we continue to do OTAs to BlueCruise to make it better and better. On Ford Pro, those software subscriptions are growing fast. So, to me, of all the metrics I look for as a proof point for our success in this new digital product category we call EVs, I think that's the one, Adam, I look for the close -- the best. And we will always balance profit with scaling.
Jim Farley: On Pro, I just want to highlight a few things, John. There was a huge backorder of vehicle, pent-up demand for small business in the US and Europe that is still not even close to being satisfied. So yes, a lot of the bigger fleets, U-Hauls, you can imagine that they are the truck and van customers, we've done a good job getting them the product they want. They still want more, a lot more. And this is before we launch a new Super Duty and, of course, a new Transit in Europe. And so there's a lot of pent-up demand for large fleets. But most of the real profitable Pro business is small and medium-sized business, and they have been waiting literally three to four years for their Transit and Super Duty’s. So the pent-up demand we're seeing now is really those customers, and there's still a lot of pricing power and lots of pent-up orders for. And especially, now that we have brand-new Super Duty and Transit in Europe, it's going to be even more intense to get those products. So good -- the larger fleets, we've done a good job getting them more product, but there's a ton of pent-up demand for Pro vehicles with those small and medium-sized business, which is the heart and soul of the TAM.
Jim Farley: Will that business model, I mean outside of maybe Tesla, that business model is live and well at Ford right now in Pro. So when I answer your question, please understand that we are operating that kind of business, where our after sales and software is now large 30-plus percent attach rates. And I would say the answer is I am not giving any relief to my vehicle teams for software sales or any kind of margin advantage. They -- those products have to get to 8% on their own. And we see the software and especially for Pro, the physical after sales. Those attach rates charging equipment that we're seeing 30-plus percent tax rates, that's plus business for us. That's an annuity we want to create, and we do not want to commoditize our products. That is not our strategy. Maybe someone else's, but not ours. And that's coming from a company that is already doing like we could do that now with Pro, but we are not going to do that. I hope that's clear.
Jim Farley: Well, thank you. And I guess that's the end of my charity work. But we -- Pro and Blue are profitable everywhere in the world, including China. But I'm glad you asked this question, because we went to China to finalize our strategy as a leadership team. And I guess I would explain -- so our ICE business there is profitable. Lincoln is a success. But you have to look at China through the strategy lens, it's not a huge business for us. And we believe that not only is the biggest EV market in the world, but customers digitally are ahead of the rest of the world, and so it's a really important market for us. And what we really see in our presence there is battery tech, digital experience for the customer and advanced product, both software and hardware integrated. Our strategy going forward in China will change. We're going to go to a much lower investment, leaner, more focused business in China with higher returns. And I'll give you an example. I don't want to lay out the whole strategy here. But since you asked the question, I think our partnership with JMC is a good example. We are going to double down on our commercial business, including EVs in China. We also believe that JMC can be an export hub for affordable EVs and ICE commercial vehicles using the Ford distribution network for our Pro business around the world. We have great Pro dealers in South America, in south Africa, in Australia, Mexico, places that we can export. And now we have a source of a fantastic affordable EVs and commercial ICE products with JMC. That's an example of how we're going to approach China from now on. We're not going to try to serve everyone. It will be a lower investment, leaner, much more focused business in China. And we're going to have a team on the ground that will be global resources for the company, because of how important the market is in the EV.
Jim Farley: Yeah, good question. So I want to make it really clear that our growth strategy for the company is very aggressive, and it focuses on conquest customers. So we plan to grow, and that capacity increase for e and Pro is mostly additive to the company's overall growth. And what gives us confidence in that is that we are targeting conquest vehicles and software to customer categories that we know really well. It's not lost on us that when we launched Lightning, almost all the full-size pickup truck EV customers were new to Ford and new to the segment. So what we learned in Lightning's case, a segment traditionally has been 13% of the industry for pretty much my whole career can be much, much bigger when you add new product features like a funk, lockable storage for a full-size truck, zero emissions and the ability to power your house for three days. A lot of new customers bought a Lightning that never owned a pickup truck before. And we intend to do that with three-row crossover and with a bunch of EV Pro vehicles, which we think will be a huge growth for us. So you should expect that a lot of that capacity we're putting in is for growth for the company, but we are not going to grow at any cost. We're going to manage that incremental new growth for profitability and growth together, and we've put a lot of thinking into our product strategy. One of the most important aspects of our product strategy is not to have too much top hat engineering. We want to have a lot of scale per top hat. And again, we'll go into the capital markets day, as you said, because I think it's best answer there with real examples where you can really see our strategy coming to life. But we've learned a lot for Lightning and for Mach-E. Frankly, the number of new customers we're seeing is very encouraging for us because of our capacity increase. And we know that the second cycle product can be radically simpler and lower cost, aside from the scaling effect. And again, we'll lay this out in capital markets day for you and for everyone else.
Jim Farley: It's a great question. Right now, given the order bank we see for Pro's business, the more we can invest in profitable high-growth products, the better. But you should think it's a very important question you're asking for Pro, because I don't think everyone would realize that the margins on software and the margins on parts are actually pretty similar. So in the end of the day, the customer wants us to have fantastic products for Pro, but they're largely regulated, kind of box or pickup truck pet or whatever. So really for the customer, the value is going to be the software, the attached rates and the experience they get with an integrated approach. Think about this future state, which we are executing too. 100% prediction of failure of components before they sale, okay. You sense vehicle to do that? It’s integrated and software, the software gets better everyday, so you can predict failure more precisely and for more components. The customer gets a vehicle that never really goes out of service. If you're a small, medium size commercial Pro customer, which is most of the TAM in Europe and the US, those customers, they take one van down, that’s 20% of the revenue. So they will pay because they can drive more business with the vehicle that’s never off the road. So think about this not as a trade-off between the vehicle profit, the parts business and the software. Think about it from the customer standpoint as an integrated approach, where everything is designed for each other, where you can't think of doing prognostics without a vehicle design to do that or the fulfillment of the parts business pre-picking the part before the customer even gets there, so that they could do the service really quickly, so the vehicle is not off the road for very long, if it does need service. So it's -- I don't really think we think of it from the customer standpoint as a like trade from margin. We think of designing the whole system, so that every piece of it adds value, and you can't kind of think of the physical product or the software independently of each other. Now, it may turn out over time, let's say, on the low part of Pro. That's a software in the parts business is more profitable. But from the customer standpoint, we're designing the pro business where they're inseparable, like the prognostic example. I hope that makes sense to you.
Jim Farley: But there's only one or two in the market, so I can understand why maybe some people would look at it that way if they don't have a product in the market. But from our standpoint, the Lightning demand is outstanding. We've taken $11,000 worth of pricing on Lightning, $11,000. And, yes, thank goodness that we are seeing now some dealer stock for the first time in like two years for Lightning. And we are really excited about our cost reductions and, of course, the software we're shipping at the vehicle like BlueCruise 1.2. But the demand for Lightning is really, really strong. I look at Bring a Trailer every week, because two years ago, it was like, I don't know, the most popular new vehicle on Bring a Trailer was a Lightning with four miles on it, that someone was flipping. And the prices have come down and they're basically at MSRP now. So we're selling it at full MSRP. The demand is higher. In fact, I would say that the pricing is higher than MSRP still. And we're totally sold out in Norway, like we are everywhere. So this is a global segment, we believe. Ford is clearly the number one pickup truck maker in the world, and we're not going to just keep our pickup trucks in the US. It's a global market. So we feel great about the demand or else we wouldn't be doubling production this year.
John Lawler: Yes, Adam. Let me -- sorry, you're following up on Adam's question. So, let me, Rod, start off on the cost there. Yes, you're right. We did see our structural costs go up in the quarter on a year-over-year basis as we continue to invest, as Jim said, in our EVs, in our digital architecture and our software. I think for us, a key part of that is bringing those structural costs down in Blue over time and then driving efficiencies in our overall cost structure and contribution costs, some material costs, in warranty, in freight, et cetera. So, that's where we need to see the turn on our cost structure in those areas as well. And then cost structure coming out of Blue as we continue to invest in e and Pro. Now, of course, we have to do that at an efficient level so that it doesn't put that much pressure on the business, but Jim can talk about this more. But as we're investing in the growth of EVs, we're not doing it where we're proliferating. We're looking to be very focused on the segments we're going into, be very disciplined on the complexity in the number of top hats and models that we have, have the right footprint, the industrial plants needed to have the right efficiency levels. And we'll talk more about that at Capital Markets Day, but we're very, very thoughtful of the fact that as that investment goes in, it needs to be very efficient.
John Lawler: Yeah. So when you look at it from a cost standpoint, let's just unpack what happened last year. When you look at the cost increases in 2022, only about 15% of that happened in the first quarter. So on a year-over-year basis, coming out of last year, this was a tough read. If you look at it sequentially, when you look at our costs on a sequential basis, our costs were down in the quarter. And they were down significantly in Blue. They were up a little bit in e, and they were about flat in Pro. So, yeah, we have got to gain traction on the cost reductions for sure as we go through the second half of the year, and you'll start to see that come through in the second half. Overall, when you look at it from a cost standpoint, we expect our total cost to come down and cost of goods sold to come down about $2 billion versus the $2.5 billion, and that's primarily reflecting the fact that commodities aren't coming down as quickly as we thought. So that's where we see costs unfolding through the second half of the year.
John Lawler: Yeah. The league business is largely sitting in Pro, John. We see that continuing through the year. We see Pro -- strength in Pro as we go through the year. There's considerable pent-up demand. We now have the new Super Duty. We'll be launching the Transit in the second half of the year, and we expect that to continue. So that's where we see quite a bit of opportunity as we go through the year, as we expect the profits in Pro to double this year versus last year. On Blue, what we saw in the first quarter for Blue was about flat pricing. It was up 1/10, a strong mix, really strong mix and some volume increases in Blue in the first quarter. And that strong mix was on F-Series. And that's because last year, we had the TICO issue, which kept our series mix down, plus we were launching Escape this year in the first quarter. So when you look at it, that's where we see things unfolding. When we go through the rest of the year on Blue, we expect that mix to come off. That's not going to repeat itself as we run through the rest of the year.
John Lawler: Yes. So, overall, for us, our bridge from 2022 to 2023, we expect pricing for us to be neutral. We still expect that to be the case. We do expect the second half to see pricing pressures, especially on Blue as we see supply and demand normalize. Pro, we believe there will be pricing strength throughout the year. And on e, we see pricing being slightly down on a year-over-year basis as well. So, overall, no change to what we had talked about at the teaching. We see pricing is neutral for Ford.
John Lawler: Sorry. About -- no, no, no. Total margin, contribution margin positive, total margin would be -- EBIT margin would be minus 20%.
John Lawler: It's not different than what's in the teach-in. I mean when you look at it, we're going to scale through the year. We start to grow volumes. We have the LFP battery coming in, and then we have the design reductions that Jim talked about, getting to about a $5,000 reduction on Mach-E. We have a significant reduction in play on Lightning as well. So, it's the same buckets that we talked about at the teach-in.
John Lawler: So, there's a couple of things you can do from a content standpoint to drive your cost down. One of them is we're using the digital connectivity of the vehicle to understand what features that customers find valuable. And if they're not using something that we have on the vehicle, we can design that out. The other thing we're doing is, as Jim said, we didn't wait on Mach-E. So, we started to put together what we thought of as bundled actions into minor programs as we work through Model e, and we're launching those as we go through the year this year and into next year to get us to that $5,000 reduction. As a first mover, we felt it was important to get to market quickly. We've readily admitted that the design and efficiency of our first-generation products isn't where it needs to be, and we're working on that -- those reductions now. And we're taking all the learnings from that and incorporating it into our second-generation products and we'll talk more about that in a couple of weeks at Capital Markets Day. So, yes, there's things you can do. You just need to be thoughtful about it as you go through the product. And where there's opportunities, you bundle them together, and you do a minor launch, you do a change and you go. And that's what we're doing on e, and we're using the connected data to take out features that the customers don't value.
John Lawler: Yes. So mix -- we had very strong mix in Q1. We don't expect that to repeat as we go through the year, and we do expect on a full year basis that we will see some pressures on pricing in Blue on a full year basis as we go through the second half of the year. Remember, what's really important is to understand that run rate of price as you come out of the back end of the year because you have the accrual impact for all of the units that are in stock and then you have to take the incentive levels from Q1 of 2024 and apply it to those units that are in stock. So you've got to think about that on a run rate business coming out of the end of the year. But overall, yes, it's -- for Blue, we definitely see that there'll be some pressure on pricing.
John Lawler: Yes, sure. So, we had shared what we thought the bridge was earlier this year. And so as I said, we think pricing overall for us will be about neutral for the year. We said that our COGS are primarily material and logistics. We had said that it would be about $2.5 billion. We think it's about $2 billion now. That's primarily due to commodities not coming down as quickly as we had thought. Volumes, we were up 9% in Q1. We expect to be about -- up about 6%-ish for the full year overall. So, I think you can look at that, and those are the three areas that have basically changed versus what we had bridged before. We see past service pension at about a $2 billion negative. Credit, we don't change there, we're about that $1.4 million, and we're going to continue to invest in growth and then we stock exchange and other of about $1 billion. So, that bridge largely remains the same, except we got a little bit of movement between some volume and some commodity costs.
