Jim Farley: Hi thank you for your question. It was a challenging year in China for us we were down in unit volume. We were down in unit volume 6%, but as you mentioned the real change in the market was incentives that affected our financials. Our average age of our product in China is about 4.3 years so we're at the very end of our cycle especially in the utility segment, where we're seeing a lot of new domestic players. We did orient our marketing in the second half of the year towards [cooping an edge] [ph] which we're responding. But the key is that in 2018 in the second half, we start a new wave of product launches in China. And we believe that freshness is going to be really important part of our growth story in China again. So, we did see a negative pricing last year especially in the fourth quarter. I think December was about 5%. So, the overall year was like 4% negative. But it was most acute in the utility segment especially for the older vehicles, which is where we are with our cycle plan. But very excited about our new launches in the second half of next year. 
Jim Farley: What they learned are couple of things. First of all, for those who spend a lot of the cost is local delivery. This is a really important leverage to lower the cost. Because the driver costs are meaningful. But equally interesting like companies like Postmates and others that we haven't announced yet. They are excited about the revenue expansion. So, let’s take like a local home improvement company. You can imagine that it’s a big revenue opportunity for them to have a fleet of automated vehicles to deliver work materials to the worksite.  That’s one thing. The second area that maybe is surprised to us is the data they’re getting back. Suspension for the companies that are looking to grow their company. They are very interested and the data that comes back from the delivery. Where it is, exactly what was digitizing all that, so they can really forecast that revenue growth. Good example will be local home improvement. They know what this would if someone is framing out a house, maybe next will be installation. So, they kind of know what the business opportunity is based on the data, where it’s going in and what it is. I hope that makes sense. 
Jim Farley: It’s Jim Farley. So, as we announced, we are going to our first city this quarter. So, the fleet we have in the market is going to be business model like people driving the vehicle. Our goal is now just implementing the first cycle of new prototypes. And we won’t go in the specifics but 2018 is the year where you are going to see a lot of progress on our VDS and the vehicle being autonomous. But that’s going to be development work for the next several years until we launch in 2021. And we are going to be using existing products because we are developing an all new product which obviously won’t be ready until the prototypes -- Joe's team is building the prototypes, so for the next couple of years. The fleets over the next couple of years will expand but they are going to be different types of hybrid Fords and that will play out over the next 24 months. Our goal is to get people in the vehicles this year to see how our VDS works by itself. So, you’ll have a feel for how far -- how fast we are going with the VDS itself done by Argo this year. So, I think 2018, you will have a good chance to assess that in person. And we have a very concrete plan to roll out the prototype fleet of those autonomous vehicles over the next two years in multiple cities. So, please know that fleet will grow in size. We’re not going to be specific what it is, but it’s a very meaningful investment money wise, to build out all those prototypes. And of course, we had different cycles of prototypes that have updated not only algorithms and computing software but also perception equipment.
Robert Shanks: I think as I mentioned in my comments, based on discussions that we've -- well actually I think mentioned that earlier so at the [indiscernible] excuse me what I said.  So, what I was saying is that to the media earlier this afternoon is that we understand I think in good sense what competitors generally do. Because we talked to suppliers and we understand what OEMs as a matter of force do. And the feedback we get is that they apply the same tools that we do, fix contracts where it's appropriate for example, steel there is no forward market. You really can't hedge and so forth. So, we kind of tether in through fixed contractors that are staggered through the course of the year are shield contracts. So, you get some smoothening if you will in terms of the ups and downs of market prices. We hedge a number of currencies and we hedge out certain periods of time. But one thing I would note though is that I believe this is going to be true for everyone, is that these are non-designated hedges. And so, for those of you that don't know what that means that are listening in. it means that you can lock in an economic value at the end of the contract. But because they're not designated you actually have to mark to market in every quarter. So, you don't escape the volatility of whatever is happening in terms of market prices. So, it doesn't help you from that regard. So, we do that. And then lastly, we do have spot boys for some of the commodities which again I think is an industry practice for those particular commodities. What’s interesting, when you look at the special slide that we have included in slide 32, is we have said on Ford's business has been completely correlated to what’s happened to the commodity prices, and I would argue that’s going to be true for everyone because you may be able to delayed volatility through what’s you are doing in terms of your own contract plan or hedge or so forth but totally again the data just snooze out it doesn’t allow you to escape the overall trend of prices and as you can see on the slide that we provided, we have had some good years, we had some bad years, and interestingly, when you assume the results in the great recession through 2014 that team affected about $3.4 billion.  You see slide there was a smaller downward commodity cycle at that point in time which we benefited from for two years, about 900 million each year and what we have seen in 2017 and 2018 as the global economy is growing pretty much synchronous, in a synchronus way around the world commodity prices are increasing and now we are about at the point in 2017, 2018 where we were in 2014 on a cumulative basis, and if you look at the trend of the prices, that’s about whether they have come back to.  In terms of the effects as the slide indicates, two-thirds of the effect is largely around steel and aluminum and for those of you that are interested in the aluminum story because the strategy that we are pursuing on our larger pickups and on the SUVs, that’s less than 25% of our impact. It's really steel that’s the story and other metals, and aluminum is well, but it maybe not as much as all you had expected. 
Robert Shanks: So, when you look at the cadence, I think the cadence is just going to be an ever-increasing rise I think in the investments, because it's going to be driven by the PE factory, that would certainly had accelerated made some choices around pointing ahead some of the AV, so these will be sort of the progressive increase over the course of time. And it will show up in automotive and it will show up in the regions in which those vehicles are sold, AVs are moving to mobility but everything related to EVs are staying within automotive. 
Robert Shanks: Yeah, the thing that’s we have seen about that is of course you will have an increase in the AV investment as we move through the program to launch product in sort of the 2021 period and that will show up there. We'll also have investments associated with what Jim talked about at Deutsche Bank around the infrastructure that supported the business operations, the terminals, that sort of thing. And so, I would see that increasing, there will be revenue obviously on that until we get to the point where the product and the services associated with that hit the market.  On the other hand, while we're also making increased investments on the other part of Marcy's work for Smart Mobility which is think about as services, digital services. They are what you will start to see as we move through our business planning period as ever-increasing levels of revenue. And so, we actually can see the day even within business planning period where that part of our business is generating a profit and in fact quite a nice return. So, I think if you look at the two parts of the world a bit differently. But that part actually will start to contribute to bottom line I think over the five-year time period. 
Robert Shanks: Well, when we get to the first quarter, give me a quarter to think about that. But what you will see when you look at the bridge chart that as you collectively look at slide 35 as you collectively look at everything related to automotive, that's a pretty flat result. So, what you can see is mobility is the largest single reporting element in terms of impact on a year-over-year basis. And that's on those two investments. And I would just say it's I'd say it's roughly split between autonomy and growth and capabilities and services expenses we create those opportunities. 
Robert Shanks: Yeah, let me take first shot at that and then if anyone else wants to chime in, they can. So, as I mentioned, I think and answer at your conference Rod, in our present business plan we actually see the business achieving the 8% margins towards the end of the business time period and it improves over the period. So, we actually and that’s all physically based. That is without $1 of the global business redesign efforts that Jim was just talking about. And why we haven’t provided specifics as Jim mentioned in his response to Adam and the question before, what we did say both Jim and I at the conference is that the early work on monetizing the opportunities that has just been developed thus far is more to come, it's really material in terms of impact on OpEx but also on CapEx. And we think it will be more as I said, so that would be incremental to what I just described.  Now if you want to say that it's not unusual for business plan to be, looks like a hockey stick, I take a lot of comfort, we try these very realistic and 50-50 in our calls, but we know you can always anticipate the inevitable surprises that happen in this business, both externally but maybe internally. So, when I look at the opportunities of the find that’s already been these preliminary by the team it gives me more confidence in our ability to at least hit the levels that we are targeting if not do better.  I would say that, a lot of that is around product, I think we have also talked -- you saw the big increase in product launches this year versus last year, I think Jim mentioned at Deutsche Bank, there is even more to come, when you look at 2019, 2020. So, I think that is going to help drive the top line. We do think there will be opportunities in terms of mix as we continue to work on that and revenue and then the good news on the cost side as well, we would expect costs to come up to some extent, come up some extent over that period. We are getting the appropriate amount of operating leverage from the top line and the amount of the increases isn’t as great as what we have seen over the last eight years. So, I think we are starting to get the balance right, the balance better with the fitness [ph] to be an opportunity on top of that. 
Robert Shanks: So, let me answer that one first. We would expect, and then I say away from providing much as I can business unit guidance, and certainly conversations, but building on the comments that he made, we do expect the second half of this year to be a better half than the first half for Asia Pacific driven by those launches. So, they're not launches that are all I guess very end of the year. We actually will see effect in the second half of the year as well.  And then what was your other part of the question? I forgot. 
James Hackett: And right now, these aren't totally matched as you would imagine. The technology capability development for the AV is way ahead of certainly in '18 and kind of revenue projections and the services similarly Marcy's work is building out the capability. It's within the realm of what we've been believing would happen. I don't think there is big surprises here. And we felt that it was time to be transparent about it, because the core investments really will matter as you look across competitors, about people who are claiming that really be in this business and those like us that are inventing it.
James Hackett: Well we have a slide on 4 that I think as far as I want to go right now Adam and I'll explain the background. The slide on 4 is insight for you where I feel like the company overtime and this happens I think generally loses some of this fitness.  So, I can take an example of a couple of them for you. We've talked about product complexity back in October, we started talking about that. We found the product where it had something like 30% of the sales and the 95% of the part count. And so, we what's taking the time and I know that I don't have forever with this, is we're going through and doing all the fact-based work to find out where the biggest opportunities are. And that's an example in complexity.  We've been working as we've talked to you about product development. This is something that is an advantage for Ford that I think we haven’t fully realized, which is having this capability all around the world with real time technologies, how do we actually get the advantage of the clock and shared efficiencies, because we can average cost down given the capability we have around the world. We’ve been talking about marketing inside the company. The hope here is, if you stare at our advertising in the way that we buy media and things like that it doesn’t look like some of the companies that you follow in other industries that are using machine learning. I’ll stop there, because this night is not about those 6 projects. But I do want to tell you that the more time I have gotten with it, which is really October to now the more hopeful and clear its becoming to me about where we can find the kind of savings. And so, I’ve ask the team to work with me on to mentioning that for our investors. And because we needed not only for you to understand the power of it but I want to use it to prioritize for a second and third.  Some of these are multi-year efforts, for example the enterprise systems that underpin, the different databases that we have in the company. There are things that I’ve done before in this area that really beneficial to speed the market with delivery and efficiencies around the world. So, let me start there say that’s…
James Hackett: Yes. You don’t have to wait long, you just have to stand in line. So, you have to wait till our people know. And I don’t want to communicate to our people through the shareholder call. So, the way that we have that laid out is means that it comes pretty quickly, once we get the whole organization up to speed. 
James Hackett: Yes. And I think that’s a question we answered two quarters ago. We said that the impact of the redesign of things means that we’re going to have excess capacity in areas that we don’t need. I’m not going to tell you which parts of the company that is. But of course, we will address that when the time is right.  But I also want to emphasize something here, which is in the design of fitness one of the things you have to do in addition to having you understand where we’re going and our people understanding that is that you can't disrupt the flow of the business. I can tell you legendary stories where certain enterprise systems were put in prematurely in the business was disrupted. So, what you will you be witnessing now in the way that we started this work. As we long identified, where we want to work. We’re now in the redesign phase we are now dimensioning the value we have assigned responsibilities, I am meeting with teams weekly, I just had a big meeting Friday, with people in the company and its getting close to the point, where I think we can start to bring you under the tent, but it's not tonight. 
James Hackett: As Bob's spooling up to talk about what he has recorded, I want to reaffirm something. We've identified the fixed workstreams are up and running. And the benefits, we're talking about '18 and '19 some of them, the bulk of what I'm feeling from what I've seen comes a little later, because some of these are substantial redesigns. And I think that what we really need, what you're asking for the dimension of what the value of that is. And so that's just -- we're not ready to release that tonight. And it's not because we don’t know it or we're not working on it. It's as I said I want to have a plan to include the people in the company. So, I'm sitting here thinking identifying the 6 workstream for you might build more cred, that you're on the right things. But I think you've got a trust we got that part right. I think you really want to understand what the yield is going to be and that's a really fair question and when we plan on answering. 
James Hackett: I'm going to ask Jim Farley to add to this. But if you actually [Doyle] at Domino's just announced that he'll be stepping down in June. And so, this interview is online about their experience with Ford. He highlights it is one of the really big things he's excited about. So, I'm going to let you read between his lines on how he talking about their business. But they reupped as we expand soon in some other markets are testing Domino's has asked continue. So, Jim. 
James Hackett: Yes. Right now, we’re still testing with them. So, I’m going to just give pointing back to their comments, they are very positive. 
James Hackett: I would tell you that I have had discussions with the compensation committee about the short term and long-term plans here at Ford and got their support that the vision that we are painting for fitness and quality improvements, the smart vehicles, smart world can be really supported by the leverage that we have with our share program and our long-term program. We have a performance share program that’s tied to shareholder return and a time invested stock that’s smaller portion of that, that’s what’s your reading in the proxy I guess. 
James Hackett: Its already ahead of the market in that regards. So, I mean this is the kind of stuff that’s I think I just want to confirm with you that everybody I think is in the right place with alignment of the compensation and the plans we have. 
James Hackett: So great question. We are very fortunate because we are going in the year with essentially new F series as well as a very fresh separate duty and then we saw even in December our price, transaction prices stiffen in December. As Joe mentioned, we have the navigator expeditions, so part of the opportunity for us is definitely going to be those other launches. The first six months of the year when everyone is selling down their old model, we expect a very competitive environment. But over the second half of the year with the new products obviously there is going to be more pricing in the markets for the goodness of those. So, I think we are going to see on the pickup truck market a very competitive environment especially for the next six months, but we have been in that for a couple of months now. And we have been growing our transaction price in that more competitive market, example the 2017 sell down. As we go into the first six months, we would expect that competitiveness to be there and our performance to be there, but we have the addition now as Joe said of good availability for Navigator and Expedition and of course we have other vehicles coming as you alluded to in North America, for example a new Mustang as we go into the spring market. So, I think we’re really well positioned, it's been a combination of both. 
James Hackett: Yeah very, very open to that. Look for news as you will in that area, we're very interested in that. So, all three of those things I want you to feel like we're not capital constrained in the sense of moving faster. It's having the designs right. Having the right ideas, getting things situated to go. And I approved progress that we made which is hard to see from your perspective. As I walk into the job there was a lot of kind a backup of decisions that had been stuck for a while. And we've let some of that tension to help and gotten things moving. So, we're building an all new dedicated AV vehicle. And that platform is -- we now have that decided and working on that. So, I'm confident that if you are wondering if there is any hesitance on spending or time that's not the issue. 
James Hackett: Yeah as you saw the Ford Credit's page in the deck, they benefited across broad parts of the business, but certainly that was a factor. For the full year they came in about I think on average to portfolio we saw a decline of about 3% which as you remember conversations that we had at the beginning of last year, I think is about half or so what we thought was going to happen. When we look at '18 in terms of the assumptions we've built in. we've assumed something around 4% on average.
James Hackett: Well, I think the area that you would look at it the indexing I suppose. Because in terms of the indexing one of the things that we, I think learned a long time ago is that, there was a point where, we would negotiate and try to withhold giving them good news, when the prices were low and then fight with them when the reverse with true. And I think we found that we were spending a lot of time and not giving a lot of long-term benefit. By focusing on that as opposed to working with the suppliers on their best innovations, their best designs, material cost reductions and getting the best cost as job one. So, we have deployed the indexing across the board on certain commodities as I said one quarter, one month in some cases, I think was 12 months. And we just feel that’s -- you’re not going to avoid the long-term trend and enables our team to focus on what we think as that are long-term play for us in terms of getting true low cost excluding the commodities. 
James Hackett: Well, I’m not going to breakout EV, if I understand the question. But let me answer the question this way. So, when I look at that far of margin change around costs, including commodities, about half of that is depreciation, amortization. So, if you think about that that’s investment cost, across the whole business not just EV. Which to some extent is already behind us, because we spent some money and this was just the DNA of that. Some of which will be spent during the year and then the amortization begins.  So, about half of that and then the other two pieces that make up the rest of it is essentially relatively modest increase in engineering and that is largely on EVs as part of that, but it’s also pretty much on trucks and SUVs as a reduction on car. And then the balance which as a smaller piece is around our launches, the increased number of product launches that we saw some of that will show up in higher launch costs. But the biggest piece like three quarters of it is around D&A and engineering with the D&A being the bigger portion. 
James Hackett: Yes. The FX component is, a little less than half of that, will still be Europe, but that will be well down from what it was this year. And some of that is continued impact of our revenue exposure on a net basis to the sterling and a cost exposure to the euro. So, it’s actually more the cross rates between those two currencies than it is vis-à-vis the U.S. dollar. But, it will be coming down, which is what we had expected. And then, the rest of it is largely in South America and somewhat in Asia Pacific, not much effect in North America at all.
James Hackett: One thing I bring to mind, in Vegas, two weeks ago at CES, we had shared some blogs. There were people that were in vehicles in that test market, I think six or seven. And this lady wrote really telling article about how she got car sick and every one of them but not anyone of them completed a trip as advertised. And the reason I am doing this, I don’t want to talk down the capability because it’s very promising. But, I feel in the questions that you want to see for behind or ahead. And the way you are going to be able to judge that is the performance of the product. So, in this case, we are going to test. We are expanding I mentioned the Domino's test. We are -- our goal is actually building vehicles as well as Ford. And in doing that, you will have more to write about and understand the Ford performance. But, I also -- and holding the Company accountable for Ford performance here on the quality basis and people trusting us in this product. And that is the new world of the AV is that one test is getting there and then the other test is really of high quality. And I'm asking to think about both of those goals.
James Hackett: Well, I’ll just take the second thing. You got to look at I’m here, because it wasn't, and that's as much as I want to comment on two really fine people I have a lot of respect for. But, I'd rather make the issue the Company's fitness than those two folks. And this problem that you're telling about, I mean, I just picked one for Adam, so he could be satisfied that we weren't just doing head fakes here that we really are working on the right things. That problem is all over the world. And underpinning was a nice try to try and get the more efficient model by building platforms around the world. We've learned a lot in doing that and we're going to be lot better as we adjust in that single category of complexity. We're not the only OEM that’s dealing with that problem, as I read. Now, the question is, can we be more clever in the way we address it and I think we can.
James Hackett: David, it’s Jim again. These are moments for me to give your insight as well that this team, there is -- I went from -- Mark had 19 direct reports, I have 8. And you have three of the key leaders sitting here at the table with me that own all parts of this business. Joe Hinrichs and Jim Farley, there’s really just two people that have to deal now with that product complexity around the world. That wasn’t the case in the previous organization. So, that’s an insight for you about why should you have more confidence in our ability to address something like that as I’m inferring.
James Hackett: Thank you. So, let’s close out the call today with some emphasis on key points that come through. 2017, I came here in June 1st, and in that six months, we worked extremely hard on resetting revenue and cost expectations for that year. And a lot of the underlying work that resulted in the performance we had, should not be unappreciated. The team did a really good job, really proud. Meanwhile, we reorganized the business, we had told you about streamlining the leadership team. We’ve written a new winning aspiration. We took important decisions. It was asked on this call to accelerating key areas. So, for example, in the connected vehicles, that’s a big investment. The AV strategy, I want to emphasize that’s on track and investments flowing there. And of course, you heard about the new EV plan, which Ford did not have a complete story about electrical vehicles, and we’ve gone from being incidental about that, it was a key part of our future. You’ve heard us talk about this fitness thing but it’s really starting to take hold in the Company. I mentioned this already. So, I’ll just emphasize the six work streams are up and running, they are staffed. The dimensioning is starting to come on and the dimensions are -- and values of that need to be shared with you and we plan to do that this year. Our approach to capital allocation is also evolving as well. We are working at markets -- looking at markets, excuse me, and the word play [ph] questions. We have already shared how we are shifting the vehicle portfolio around the world. I can attest to you that we have sped up decision-making. That’s going to continue in 2018. There is no wasting there in terms of waiting for things to get done. And you are going to see us make important capital allocation decisions. We have Bob Shanks who put together a Board plan for the year, for us to review strategy with the Board each quarter. That’s all something that wasn’t there before; it’s all been mapped out. We are also moving quickly to advance the smart mobility business and look forward to some announcements from Marcy’s organization soon in that space, exciting things that will be developed. So, you can see that as I stare back from June 1st to now, I have this feeling that I am really happy with the things that we have laid, the pipe we have kind of laid, not happy at all that we are not proving to you what that’s going to yield and really confident that you will be happy with us as we bring that forward. So, I want you to understand that I get how important that dimensioning is, I get how important this year is to prove this management team’s ability at a convert. And I look forward to proving to you that our vision is really going to make Ford an exciting brand in the future. Thanks for your time today.
