James P. Hackett: Well, the short answer is we'll restructure as necessary and we'll be decisive. The decisions have lots of implications for stakeholders, so we're not ready to talk specifics at this time.
James P. Hackett: That's a creative idea. And the way I've been thinking about the transportation system in the future is that, if we cut and paste the old system as we do the kinds of things we're talking about to modernize our infrastructure, we're not going to make the progress that we really need to deal with the congestion and capacity issues in big cities. So we definitely have to in the future think about a model where we're using this cloud structure and these smart vehicles to improve that. I haven't really thought about how we fund that totally, but what we can see in the models that we're talking about with this cloud structure is there's revenue for cities in a model like that.
James P. Hackett: I'm going to ask Bob to help with the way that we're planning this. But I would just want to I guess emphasize, Rod, that the way you think about these low performing businesses, it's been easy to identify what's wrong and what we need to do about it. And I think the hand-wringing may be that has been around in our business is gone. We're starting to understand what we need to do in making clear decisions there. So the detail in terms of the construction, I'm going to let Bob.
James P. Hackett: But again, Rod, the confidence I'd like to get across tonight is decisions aren't in pause or dwell, so the planning is the work.
James P. Hackett: I just want to, Ryan, make sure you know. Russia has been good for us. We actually – things have improved there. I don't want it to be left that we're stuck there. I think it's been aware to play, and I'm happy with that. I think I'm going to let Jim talk about the balance of the question around South America.
James P. Hackett: Jim, you might talk about what's coming in China with the new vehicles. I think that's worth highlighting.
James P. Hackett: Well, let me start with the theoretical position that you asked about. So the way I think about it, the way we are thinking about it, our whole team, is that, to be a global company, you've got to have platform advantages, otherwise you don't get any scale. And so we do see platforms in the future still continuing. I think probably as we're updating our thinking about One Ford, we realize that the parallel interest and emphasis that I'm bringing about user-centered insights is that we can add to these platforms in regions region-specific characteristics of vehicles. And just that little nuance can make a big difference in the way you achieve scale, but you get share. And if we were just exporting purely vehicles that were made for North America all around the world, I'm not sure that we would be confident in that as the go-forward strategy. The good news about that is we don't disappoint any customers with a move like that. We just have to prove that we're great at building platforms that can have scale. I think the second part of it is that, if that doesn't happen, then we've got to make the decisions that you're inferring we have to make. And so that's what I meant by we're not hammering about that. We really tell ourselves what we have to believe is that we're going to get our cost of capital out to continue. The third thing is that the nature of the technology and the role that it's playing clearly in the Western markets, in Europe and North America, is going to be important, as important – more important than China based on what my visits have exposed. Their desire to have electrification is well published, but their commitment to autonomy is going to be huge. And the reason is, as you've heard me talk often about this, is the only way we can get these cities in shape is to have the system be much more choreographed to work together. It's not just the random person in a vehicle driving at any time of day expecting no friction in the way they're getting around or goods being delivered in the center of London where the commercial vehicle only has 10% of the cube being used in the truck. This is all taking up space and reducing the problem. So the technology is going to help us. I believe that there's scale in that kind of thinking as well. It's a difficult thing to design that to work, and I think Ford's going to be able to do that. Let me point out, by the way, that we're one of the very few companies that actually have the autonomous team and the vehicles teams working in tandem. There are a lot of suppliers for autonomy out there and there are a lot of OEMs, but we're only one of a handful of companies that are actually doing the work together, which we think's going to be an advantage.
James P. Hackett: Marcy, do you want to add something about the connectivity and the potential? I guess let's think of China broadly.
James P. Hackett: Thank you, everyone. I want to just summarize a couple things just to remind you that in Ford's cadence, we picked this time in the fall to have a meeting with our investors. That's not a target for some restructuring or something like that. It's just the way we plan our calendar to come back to you. And we give you more detail then. It's going to be an exciting meeting. I also want you to know that, as we've said, we're committed to taking appropriate and decisive action to drive profitable growth. We need to maximize the returns of our business over the long term. We're going to be fit across the entire business. I can't understate how well this has been going as we've launched this. We've identified significant cost and efficiency opportunities, as well as you're hearing the opportunity to reduce capital intensity in our business. The cycle that we're launching we didn't want to disrupt. So it's really all the things that are happening after the launches over the next year that were able to start having an impact. And we're allocating capital to our high-performing business. And we're committed, as we've stated to Rob's question, to either fix or disposition the rest. And finally, we have a great team. I'm really happy. They're energized. They're acting with this sense of urgency and commitment. We're working really well together. And just to state it simply, we're excited about the future here at Ford Motor Company. So thanks for joining us today.
Robert L. Shanks: Yes, let me start. The first thing I guess I'd want to focus on is actually the upper right. So I just want to reemphasize that the capital allocation process here is to generate incremental capital for the parts of business where we're already strong and we know we can be even stronger and more profitable, generating even higher returns. So that's the ultimate objective. If you go to the lower left, Rod, the way I would think about – let me just give you some specific examples. The first thing I want to say is this is a snapshot in time, so it's not necessarily a view of the businesses over a longer period of time, and I'll give you a couple examples. So in there is most of the Lincoln brand. As you know, that only launched in China 2.5 years ago or so. It's grown dramatically. It has a great reputation. It's getting price points consistent with the Germans in the segments in which we compete. But we're importing everything, so of course – and we're growing the business from scratch. So I've already mentioned to you that we're going to localize the first Lincoln product, but imagine the transformation of the business model, able to get out from underneath these 25% duties, the long freight journey that it takes over there and the expense and so forth, and how that can start to change how that business model looks. The second example I'd give, we've talked about – within that category is also small cars and essentially most of our MTV (33:04) type products. So we've already talked about what we're going to do in North America, so that's pretty straightforward. That's just we're not going to invest where it doesn't make sense. But a second example is the partnership with Mahindra. So is there a way in which we can participate, in this case India, where actually cars, although increasingly SUVs or crossovers, are a big part of the business, but do so in a way that builds on someone who's already very successful. Some of that may involve different segments because they're a really strong player in SUVs, but they're just really successful in general. As you heard us say, we're already improving. Imagine where we might be able to go through a deeper, closer partnership with Mahindra. And then of course, there's always fitness. Fitness is going to raise all boats. Some areas of that category would benefit from that. So it's a combination of all those things, but everything going back to the earlier response that Jim gave, everything, every tool in our toolkit is on the table in terms of addressing that part of our business.
Robert L. Shanks: To your first question, and I don't want to be trite. I don't intend to be at all, but Jim did mention, there are lots of ramifications and implications from the types of things that we ultimately will do in this range of options that we have. And so what we will do is we will share with you when we can the decisions that we've made, so you can understand in a progressive manner the progress that we're making in addressing that and moving the business forward. In terms of restructuring, the first thing I would say is we do expect to continue to generate positive cash flow moving forward. So it may be pulling out as we restructure, if in fact, that's what we have to do at various points in time in various parts of the business, but it's coming in at the same time from the upper right, if you will. That's on this chart, so it's not a zero-sum game. The other thing that I would expect is that addressing this will take – it's not as if it's all done tomorrow at one time. There will be some element of time. Just go back and look at the North American restructuring, which was the last really significant one. But even the one that we did in Europe in 2011, 2012, 2013, that was over a period of time. That's just the way it works out. So I think that we certainly want to move fast and will do so, but that's what it takes. So I think the element of time probably helps us there as well.
Robert L. Shanks: Based on where we are today, Colin, it looks like $1.5 billion year over year for the full year. So we had about $0.5 billion in the first quarter. So if you think about it on a year-over-year basis, progressively as we move forward, it starts to moderate a bit, which you might expect because we've now had two years – it will be two years of pretty sharp increases. So that's our outlook right now
Robert L. Shanks: No, the tariffs are not assumed in the $1.5 billion. We'll have to wait and see if that happens. But we do believe that in the case of steel that it has essentially already been priced in by the market.
Robert L. Shanks: And then maybe if Jim has something to add afterwards. So if you go back and look at what happened, I want to start first with outside of China, because we were very challenged outside China. If you go back two or three years ago, we've seen a complete turnaround of that business through a lot of work and effort. So that is a positive story. What we've seen is weakness inside China, and I think it's around a number of different things. One is the strength of the indigenous brands certainly had an impact I think on most players in the market as they became more mature, more developed and offered a tremendous number of new products that are very attractive. We obviously were not able to keep our portfolio as fresh as it needed to be in that environment. We also saw a downward negative pricing in part – in fact, in large part, driven by the indigenous brands coming up, and that certainly affected the portfolio. We had a lot of cost reductions that we achieved in our China JVs to offset a portion of that. But then incrementally, what we saw when the Chinese government revised its policy on the renminbi, it has over time depreciated versus an appreciation trend that it had been on. And that had an impact on the business particularly given the imported elements as well as just the fact we have a very high net revenue exposure to the business.
Robert L. Shanks: It's not an issue with Ford Credit at all. It's extraordinarily healthy and does what it does at the highest level, as J.D. Power has indicated. It's really more around managing the overall risk profile for Ford because as Ford Credit has gotten bigger and bigger and bigger, it does, even though it itself is in fantastic shape, just the nature of the business is that it represents a higher level of risk to Ford. So we want to better manage that. So that's the reason primarily that we're going to cap them at least for the foreseeable future. The benefit, and certainly that wasn't the driver, the benefit of doing that is they don't have to take the profits, the cash they generate, and then reinvest in its own growth. So as a result of that, they're able to take the profitability and the cash it generates and return it back to Ford. It certainly helps us. We also have a mind towards making sure that we do set some capacity aside at Ford Credit to support the role that it might have in the world in terms of mobility opportunities. So that's another factor that's behind that.
James D. Farley: Sure, so thanks for the question. How we think about our lineup in North America especially is that we are developing incremental nameplates we don't have today and shifting the allocation of the capital portfolio to utility body styles, and there will be a variety, a growing variety, of those products. To give you a flavor, we'll have more authentic off-roaders, building our Built Ford Tough background like Bronco and other new nameplates we don't sell today. We will refresh our entire lineup of traditional crossovers and SUVs that everyone knows, like Explorer and Escape. And then we're going to be introducing and taking capital and redeploying it for also new silhouettes, products that give customers the utility benefits without the penalty of fuel economy. And they will be performance and active executed, so they'll be very emotional. So what you'll see is a whole portfolio of vehicles that will be much higher performing in terms of returns, much better for our brands, so a stronger business, and we will have a very diverse passenger car business. It just won't be traditional silhouetted sedans that tend to be commoditized.
James D. Farley: So if you think of our business units, North America's story is all about returning to 10%. And China's story, as you said, is all about growth. We have all these great new products. South America and Europe are improving businesses, but we are looking at our strategic plan. And so what I think is important to say at this point for South America is we have made very significant and promising progress on our strategic plan there. And we're approaching the task with the highest sense of urgency. We have a lot of teams deployed, and they're working on a comprehensive review of the business. Obviously, we have a lot of stakeholders. So we'll have more to share, more details to share at a later date. Our business is improving. We're launching new products. In fact, Camaçari is totally maxed out right now. But we think we know that much further, more fundamental actions are required in South America.
James D. Farley: So where we are right now in the first half of this year, we're at the absolute trough of our product cycle in China. And over the next 24 months, we completely revitalized the lineup. As I said, it's a growth story. And it's not just all products. It's very specific products, especially utilities. In fact, today at the Beijing Auto Show, we showed the new Escort and also our brand-new Focus, which is a really high-volume product. But we're going to fill in the entire lineup of SUVs on the higher end from there. So we're really excited about the opportunity that that new launches gives us. We're also localizing Lincoln, which is a really important part of our – as well Explorer, a really important part of leveraging our profitability improvement. I also want to highlight, though, that the fitness exercises are very live for our China team. Today we launched the National Distribution Service division. That's a really important thing. We have a complex business with imported products, different divisions, and different manufacturers there. We've now gone to one company to market, distribute all of that product. It's going to be a lot more efficient, a lot more effective. And we also named our leaders for that business today, which are really experienced local team members. So I think even how we go to market is going to be more efficient and much more sophisticated with this all-new lineup. And of course, we have Zotye (46:50) right around the corner. That's a big bet for us to compete in the very value-priced BEV business, which no doubt China will be the largest electrified market in the world. So I think we're really well positioned over the next couple of years for growth and profit improvement in China.
James D. Farley: Sure. We have our two JV partners. We're entering a third now. We're looking for approval for Zotye. We don't see yet. It's early days, but we have don't see those clanging. They're very important. We have a huge job to do to grow the business and improve our profitability in China. And we will absolutely drive change in that business, but we don't see a fundamental change in our JV structure.
James D. Farley: That's a terrific question. So all of our China products will be connected. It's a very important part of our strategy as a company, and there's no place more important than China. We also are working with Alibaba on connectivity and in-car experience. It would be good to get Marcy's input as well. But I think we're really learning from that customer base world leadership in infotainment. And I think the last thing I want to mention is we've made a commitment companywide, including China, and I think it's very important for our China strategy, for Co-Pilot 360. It's a whole – I think absolutely the most comprehensive ADAS assisted driving suite in the business. And that is going to be a big part of our technology story in China.
Joseph R. Hinrichs: So thanks, Jim. When you look at the manufacturing question, very quickly, we have a plan. We have a very high utilization rate in our North American manufacturing plants today, and we have a plan to utilize those plants and we have a product for Hermosillo to replace when the Fusion balances out. And as we've mentioned previously, the value electric SUV we're launching in 2020 also will be built in Mexico. So we have a really great plan with all the products that Jim talked about to leverage our manufacturing capacity moving forward.
Joseph R. Hinrichs: Yes, Jim, thanks. First of all, over time, as Bob has highlighted on a number of calls, our raw material costs follow the curves in the market, so we have some ups and downs based on where we are in the cycle. But as you know, we negotiate our steel contracts on a quarterly basis. We spread them out so we can average things out and don't have so much risk. As far as the supply base goes, they're Tier 2s et cetera. Most of the time, they're bearing that risk. And there are occasions where we will direct-source and will be a part of the Tier 2 sourcing of raw materials. But there is some, obviously, some of the risk and reward that goes in the supply base. I'd just remind everybody that we've gotten a good balance of the upside when the commodity markets were going the other direction. So I don't see us changing our strategy dramatically with the supply base. When it comes to raw materials, we both manage the risk and reward together. But as Jim was saying, when you look at the architecture strategy and the lessons that we've learned on One Ford and the way Jim described it, there's value globally in using flexible architectures, and we've talked about our five that we're going to use. Where we've learned is really the modules within the vehicle need flexibility to be able to offer differentiation for the regional markets. And scale of the supply base occurs on the scale of the manufacturing plant locally, not on a global basis. So for example, if you have a corner module, the demand, the costs, and attributes may be different in China than they are in the U.S., but it may be the same vehicle architecture, but the module that we're going to use may be different for Asia than it is for the United States. Whereas in the past, a lot of our global platform vehicles were global across their modules as well as the platform architecture. So that's a very important nuance. Maybe it's not a nuance, but it's a very important part of our new strategy, which is to offer a catalog of modules for each of the regions to pick from for their vehicles, but still take advantage of the five core architectures that we'll use globally. So we can get the advantage of the engineering skill, the platform level, and take advantage of the local scale from the supply base and the country-specific attributes in the region.
Joseph R. Hinrichs: Sure. Thanks, David. First off, as what we started with, we see savings coming from this initiative over the next several years and significant savings, both in the engineering spend, but also in, as was highlighted, the capital expenditures related to that. Importantly, that time reduction is not just about money, but it's also getting to market faster. One of the learnings that we have in looking back over the last several years is Jim Farley and the Markets teams have great ideas for products, and we need to be able to bring those to market faster. So a very important part of this architecture and modular strategy is to be able to execute programs more quickly. So are there lessons learned from our competitors? Sure, we do benchmarking all the time, and we have learned things from our competitors. But this is a unique solution for Ford, but you will see common elements across the industry because we all learn from each other and we do a lot of analysis of each other. But I want to highlight, this time element is very important. If you think of the discussions we've had around the portfolio age in the United States and China, for example, we can help avoid those situations, those curves of hills, if you will, and valleys, by being able to execute prior programs more quickly and by reducing the cost, so therefore we can afford to do more. And that is a big part of the benefit of this initiative.
