George Sharp: Thank you, Shinal, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for taking the time to be with us this morning, so we can provide you with additional details of our third-quarter financial results. Of course our thoughts are with everyone impacted by Hurricane Sandy. We considered delaying this call, but after much consideration we concluded that given our large and diverse worldwide investor base, changing the timing right before the planned date could cause significant confusion. Therefore, presenting today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Bob Shanks, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Stephen Odell, Chairman and CEO of Ford Europe; Stuart Rowley, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit CFO.  Now before we begin, I need to cover a few items. Copies of this morning's press release and the presentation slides that we will be using have been posted on Ford's investor and media website for your reference. The financial results discussed today are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q that will be filed shortly. The financial results presented are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to the US GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.  Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Of course, actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments today. The most significant factors that could affect future results are summarized at the end of this presentation. These risk factors and other key information are detailed in our SEC filings including our annual, quarterly, and current reports.  With that, I would now like to turn the presentation over to Ford's President and CEO, Alan Mulally.
George Sharp: Thanks, Alan. Now we will open the lines for about a 45-minute Q&A session. We will begin with questions from the investment community, then take questions from the media. In order to allow as many questions as possible within this timeframe, please keep your questions brief. Chanel, can we have the first question please? Question-and-Answer Session
George Sharp: Well, thank you, everyone. That concludes today’s presentation. We are glad that you were able to join us.
Alan Mulally: Thank you, Bob. Summarized on slide 28 is our view of the business environment. Overall we now expect 2012 global GDP growth to be in the range of 2% to 2.5%. Global industry sales are projected to be around 80 million units, up nearly 5% from 2011. US economic growth is expected to be in the 2% range this year with industry sales supported by replacement demand given the older age of the vehicles on the road.  In Brazil, easing fiscal and monetary policies such as sales tax reductions and policy interest-rate cuts to historic lows are setting the stage for renewed economic growth. In Europe, we expect severe conditions to continue especially in countries undergoing fiscal austerity programs. Recent policy moves are positive steps but not yet enough to resolve this crisis and fully restore business and consumer confidence.  In Asia-Pacific and Africa, China and India have experienced slowing economic growth which has prompted some policy easing including interest-rate cuts, liquidity injections, and increased government spending. More policy actions are necessary to stabilize economic growth and facilitate recoveries in these countries. Overall, despite the challenges, we expect global economic growth to continue in 2012.  Slide 29 summarizes our first nine months results and our planning assumptions and key operational metrics in 2012. Our industry projection for Europe is unchanged and we now protect U.S. industry at about 14.7 million units. As guided previously, we expect U.S. and Europe full-year market share to be lower compared with 2011 and quality is mixed.  We continue to expect Automotive pretax profit and operating margin to be about equal to or lower than 2011. This includes our continued expectation of an increase in Automotive structural costs of less than $2 billion. We continue to expect Automotive operating-related cash flow to be positive for the full year including capital spending of about $5 billion in line with past guidance. We still expect total Company pretax profit to be strong but lower than 2011. This includes a profit of $1.6 billion for Ford Credit.  Finally, slide 30 summarizes our ONE Ford plan, which is unchanged. We will continue to aggressively restructure the business to operate profitably at the current demand and the changing model mix, accelerate development of new products our customers want and value, finance our plan and improve our balance sheet, and work together effectively as one team leveraging our global assets. We have delivered strong profits in the first nine months driven by outstanding results in North America and solid performance by Ford Credit. We also announced significant actions to transform our European business, projecting that Ford Europe will return to profitability by mid-decade.  We see the results of our ONE Ford plan taking hold in Asia-Pacific and Africa with market share increasing as investments in new facilities and products gain traction. We also are executing our ONE Ford plan in South America, expanding our product portfolio with new global products while looking at the areas of our business to improve operating results. Our plan will continue to be our guide as we work to sustain our strong North American operation, grow our important Ford Credit business, and decisively address the diverse challenges and exciting opportunities we have in all the other parts of the world.  We have made tremendous progress in recent years by executing the fundamentals of our ONE Ford plan and there are significant benefits ahead as we leverage our global assets. We will continue to work toward our mid-decade guidance and remain confident in our plan and our ability to deliver profitable growth for all. Now we would be happy to take your questions.
Alan Mulally: Absolutely, a really important question and I think it starts – the first part of the answer to your question starts with the efficiency on developing the products, both in engineering and manufacturing. And clearly North America and the rest of the businesses are really appreciating the benefit of that scale and the efficiency of developing the global platforms and you can really see that in the capital expenditure too, Mike. You can see the amount of product that we are doing compared to the past with the investment that we updated also. I think going forward, we are at the front-end of really appreciating the value of the products when they go into manufacturing and into service, which as you know, we are at the relatively start of that around the world and of course led by North America. So when you look at it, what's going on right now is the Focus, the Fusion, the Fiesta, the Escape, the C-MAX, the Transit, the Transit Connect, all of those are right at the front-end of moving to that world where nearly 80% of the volume will be off of those five platforms. And right now, they are off of nine platforms. So I think we are seeing the efficiencies and we're very pleased about it on the development and I think we have a lot more benefit to see going forward as they go into production, especially, aligning with our supply base.
Alan Mulally: I sure think so. We will get Stephen’s thoughts, too, but look at how the discussion and the debate has really changed. And you can see very clearly with everybody now talking about what does it take to create a viable automobile industry in Europe and the discussions now centered around having the business sized for the real demand, making the vehicles that people really do want and value and letting the market really decide. And so I think it's a very – the discussion and the debate has moved to a very healthy place on what it really takes to create a long-term viable industry. And as you know, as hard as this is and it is really hard, that's why we are moving so decisively because the most important thing you can do is to size your production to the real demand and provide the vehicles that people really do want, because if not, you don't have a chance to create an exciting growing company. But I think a lot of people are coming to that same point of view and I think it will result in actions to reduce the overcapacity in Europe for the good of everybody.Tom Walsh – Detroit Free Press – Media: Great, thanks.
Robert L. Shanks: Actually the inventory has been managed very, very effectively by the Ford Europe team throughout the entire downturn. So we go into – we came into the quarter with very healthy levels of days supply, and in fact we ended days supply in the quarter at, let's see, it was about 39 days supply. We would normally run the business at about 50, but in the third quarter, it always runs down because of the summer plant shutdowns. Then what would normally do, Chris, is we would build the stock back up in the fourth quarter, back up to about that 50 days supply or so. We are not going to do that. We are going to effectively pass on that and leave the days supply at about 40 or so and that's what we would like to target on a go-forward basis, because we think there are benefits as we mentioned in the comments to everyone involved. And so as result of that, we will take a hit in the fourth quarter probably to the tune of around $300 million because we do that, but we think it puts the business in a much, much healthier position going forward and so that's what we will do.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, obviously it's associated with the facility reductions and the way that's going to work is the UK facilities are projected to close around the middle of 2013 and those were the smaller of the three facilities that we talked about closing. Genk, which is the larger one, won't close until the latter part of 2014, so you will see not that much in 2013 and frankly, a little bit more in 2014 as you get the full year effect of the UK actions. But then Genk doesn't occur and start to generate the associated savings until the latter part of 2014.
Robert L. Shanks: No, that will go through operating results. It is the same way that we handled – the same types of financial effects in North America. The only thing at the moment that we’ve identified that would go through special items would be the costs associated with the separations.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, we expect in the fourth quarter, Itay, that we will have a lower company result, which is not unusual because we always have, as you mentioned, that seasonal cost increase going from Q3 to Q4. And then on top of that, as we were just discussing with Chris, we will have the effects in Europe, so we would expect to have a somewhat higher loss there as well. So I think you will see those normal factors kick in and we will have a good quarter, it just won't be as strong as the current quarter.
Robert L. Shanks: At the moment, we would expect North America to be down, largely driven by the seasonal cost changes.
Robert L. Shanks: Just a couple’s comments there. One is we do expect the share to grow. In fact, this is a growth plan for Europe not only because we expect the industry to come back, but we expect to grow our share. In addition as you know, our share is the 19 markets that we traditionally track as Europe, but we’ve got very aggressive plans in Eastern Europe and Russia as well and those are actually quite robust growth markets in the regions. So that will be a good story going forward.  But in terms of share, we expect the share to grow largely driven by all the products that we talked about last week, but in particular the commercial vehicles. We're dramatically expanding the commercial lineup, introducing the people carriers in addition to the normal commercial vehicles. And in addition, what we're doing is we're focusing much more on sort of the retail and the commercial fleet channels at the expense of the lower margin rental and demo sale channels that we actually saw some progress on in the third quarter.  So that will be kind of what is taking place in terms of share. It will grow and we expect the mix of the share to change, which actually leads to the other point that you made around the margin. We do expect the margin to improve as we move towards mid-decade. That will be because of the change in focus in terms of the business channel mix, but also the product mix should improve. Commercial vehicles are quite profitable for us. We also talked about a number of – I guess I would call them higher revenue, higher margin products that we will also be bringing in that should strengthen the brand. And in addition to that, what we'd expect to happen is that the overall industry as the industry comes back a bit from the very low levels that we are at, somewhat modestly I would admit, but we would expect that the discounting would peel back a little bit from where it is today and all that will generate a higher contribution margin.
Robert L. Shanks: I think that's a very good point you just made. I think it's important not only to look at the pretty spectacular results of North America in the quarter but to put it in the context of what they've done over the last three quarters. So they have been incredibly consistent in generating a profit of over $2 billion the last three quarters and an operating margin in excess of 10%, which as you know is extremely strong.  As we go forward, we do expect North America generate very, very healthy margins going into next year and beyond, but obviously it always depends upon the business environment and competitive activity. But I think the business is in a good position and will do quite well in the future, but I wouldn't get into any specific numbers at this point in time.
Robert L. Shanks: I think what you would expect in the fourth quarter consistent with the guidance that we gave of a loss for the year that exceeds $1.5 billion is that we will have a larger loss in the fourth quarter than in any of the preceding three quarters. What we were talking about is that that loss would normally have been less if we had rebuilt our stocks in the fourth quarter along the lines of what I was talking with I think it was Itay or Chris about. But we're not going to do that, so therefore, we kind of pass by on that what would have been a normal profit improvement in the quarter. In addition, Peter, what we’re going to see in the fourth quarter because we have announced the facility closures in the UK and Genk, we start the accelerated depreciation of those facilities and so that will add about $100 million in the fourth quarter of accelerated depreciation, which would affect the results as well.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, of the year-over-year change about $100 million of that was commodities including hedging effects and almost all of that was actually hedging effects, so that is clearly just one-time. It depends on what the mark-to-market rates will be at the end of the quarter. We also had some favorable good news on material costs, excluding the commodities driven largely by our cost reduction efforts. And then we had lower freight and lower warranty costs. In terms of the quarter-to-quarter, we had a similar improvement of about $236 million. Again most of that was the commodities including hedging effects.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, of the Fusion, the launch is still underway. We had some parts supply issues that we’re working our way through. But we’re starting to get better supply of the product. In terms of the market reception, it’s been pretty phenomenal. It’s turning very, very quickly an average of only nine days in dealer stock on average so far. We’re seeing that we’re attracting younger consumers, so a significant portion of those are actually under 35 years of age. It’s the highest in that segment in terms of our performance. And what we’re also seeing is that we’re getting very good demand from the coasts, about 51% of our sales so far have been on the coasts versus about 44% for the outgoing models. So we’re kind of hitting on all cylinders in terms of how the consumers are responding. So we’re still working through the launch and progressing, but supply little by little is improving and it appears like it’s going to be quite a hit with the consumers.
Robert L. Shanks: No, we had some launch costs in the third quarter associated with the acceleration of the plant. As we move into the fourth quarter, you’ll start to see higher advertising and sales promotion as we start to spend for the product once it hits the dealer’s showrooms.
Robert L. Shanks: I don’t have a specific number, but clearly as we’ve talked about the increase for the full-year of structural costs just under $2 billion, a portion of that is manufacturing costs and it is driven not only by launch, but also driven by the added shifts not only here, but in Asia-Pacific, Africa as well.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, I guess the first I would say about South America is if you look at the results back on slide 16, I mean we are really getting hammered by exchange. The Brazilian real in particular is much, much weaker than it was a year-ago and we’ve seen this all year long. And of that $223 million of adverse exchange, about $200 million of it was operating and most of that was the Brazilian real. So that’s having a big impact on us. And even though we’ve got some positive pricing, when you factor in the local economics that we’re incurring, which are spread through our cost factors. We’re just not getting the type of pricing recovery for all of that that we would have seen in the past because of the environment that we’re in. Having said that, there were two things that happened in the quarter that affected volume; one is the ramp up of the EcoSport in Brazil, which is a very, very important product with good margin. And just as I mentioned with Fusion, that launch is progressing and we’re getting better and better supply as we go now into the fourth quarter. But it certainly was an issue for us in the third quarter. Ranger is coming on stream. That’s produced in Argentina and that one also was improving in terms of supply, but it was a bit of an issue in the third quarter. And then the last thing that affected us as we mentioned, actually had much lower production in Venezuela than we normally would have because of issues of gaining access to dollars, because of the currency restrictions in place in the market. So we just didn’t run the plant for a couple months.
Robert L. Shanks: I think that’s a good question. We clearly will see the benefits in our manufacturing costs that we talked about that we’re also maybe growing the business, investing heavily in products. We’re growing in parts of Europe that I talked about earlier outside of the area that we talk about in terms of share in industry and so forth. So I would expect as we go forward that our structural costs in the aggregate probably will increase as we continue to invest heavily in the business. This is not a cost cut your way to profitability plan. This is a growth plan partially around the industry coming back very modestly around a stronger brand, around a repositioning of the product lineup and an expansion of the product lineup and then of course, cost efficiencies, as I mentioned.
Robert L. Shanks: I think that’s a very good question and let me put it in context the third quarter. The third quarter is a very, very clean result. It’s a very strong result. But as always in every single quarter, and I always kind of mention this, quarters are variable because it’s a big business and things move differently quarter-to-quarter. In this particular quarter, I would just highlight I guess a couple of things. One is we did benefit from the $100 million absolutely of the positive commodity hedging effects and so clearly that may or may not repeat. It depends on what the spot rates are at the end of the fourth quarter. And then the other thing is that we had about maybe about $200 million of warranty adjustments associated with the 2012 model year coverages that were sort of a true up of, now we’ve got more mature data as the model year is getting longer intuit. We’re able to go back and adjust reserves in a positive way, which doesn’t mean that it’s one-time, and actually it suggests that if we knew in the past what we know now, we would have had probably better results in the first quarter to second quarter. So it’s kind of a lumpy change that we’re kind catching up on here in the third quarter. And so if you take that plus that $100 million, maybe there is $300 million that $100 million clearly is just what it is and $200 million that would have spread out over the previous quarters in which we were selling the 2012 model year vehicles if we knew what we know now. Going forward, I think North America is going to have very, very strong shares. As we do look at next year, there’s a few things to keep in mind. One, it's likely that our pension expense is going to go up as we look at where our discount rates are likely to come out and that would have a negative impact on their results. Secondly, there is some favorable adjustments in OPEB from the actions that we took in the restructuring of North America over the last five, six, seven years that essentially run out as we go into 2013, and so that will no longer be a benefit to them. And related to that, our depreciation and amortization next year no longer has any of the benefit of the impairment that we took on assets back in 2008 as part of the restructuring, so that kind of runs out. All of those will be, headwinds in the North American results as we move into next year as well.
Robert L. Shanks: In fact, one other thing I did not mention also as we look ahead and we've talked about this quite a bit. As we do start to sell more and more smaller vehicles as opposed to larger utilities and trucks, we would have an adverse sort of mix effect on the business as well from a margin standpoint, okay. As we go down to the third question, which was what? Oh yeah, the other one, what you're seeing here on U.S. industry and U.S. share, that's just obviously the U.S. We also had some volume changes in some of the other markets like Canada and Mexico and that's covered down in sort of mix and other. And also it depends on the product mix too.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, yeah, there is some rounding in there as well, but I mean the margins in North America are very healthy as you know.
Robert L. Shanks: That's a good question. There's probably a couple things to think about. Going back to what I mentioned earlier, I mean there has been a very quick and sharp weakening of the local currencies. And if you take that $223 million we're seeing this quarter and annualize it, I mean you're looking at like a $600 million impact for the full year. And if you think about last year, we made about $860 million, a lot of this is exchange-driven, some of which we are pricing for, but as I mentioned earlier, not as much as we could have in the past. Now going forward, everyone is affected by thus and you would think that over time the industry would try to restore margins and pricing opportunities with either of force, but that’s what we have yet to see. The main thing that’s going to help us going forward is basically the investments that we are putting into product, because what we are doing is, we are basically taking a product line up that is largely legacy products going to all global products. And so for example, the ranger that we just talked about that’s a global product that we just launched the eco sport is a global product coming off of the just the platform if you will. And next year, we will launching that in China and in India. So you are going to see that phenomenon across your portfolio and in fact we expand the portfolio, so the number of segments that we cover is going to go up substantially as well. At the same time we are going to continue to work on operating efficiencies across the business and see if we can't recover some of that margin as I mentioned through pricing if competitors need to do the same.
Robert L. Shanks: I wouldn't even try to forecast commodity costs. If you look at the quarter on a year-over-year basis, putting aside the hedging, it's actually pretty flat. It's almost all hedging effects that you are seeing. So at least in the quarter, they were largely stable in terms of what we were kind of buying. It was the commodity effect that we actually, the hedging effect that we benefited from. So as we move ahead into the next quarter, we will have to wait and see. The spot rates are down. Steel is lower. Aluminum is lower. Palladium and precious metals and so forth are lower, so we will see if that is sustained as we go into the fourth quarter. But as you know, those things change every single day so it’s kind of hard to predict.
Robert L. Shanks: No, it was two things. It was the non-recurrence of the $350 million bad news last year, but then we picked up good news against the hedging we had an effect of $100 million absolute this year. So on a year-over-year basis, we picked up about $450 million of good news on hedging. If you put hedging to the side, just the basic commodity cost changes themselves were basically flat year-over-year.
Robert L. Shanks: I wouldn't get into 2013 at this point. I would just say as we look at going into the fourth quarter where we are sitting at the moment, it looks like it would actually be some headwinds going into the fourth quarter. But I would be cautious about that, because it really depends on where we are at the last day of the quarter in terms of what's going to happen on the hedging effects.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, that's exactly what I'm saying that our structural costs in total probably would increase as we go out through 2015 net of this $450 million to $500 million as we continue to invest more in engineering, as we invest more in advertising sales promotion, because you can understand in the environment that we are in, we're not spending hardly anything on advertising and sales promotion. And with the expanded portfolio that we are going to be putting into place, we clearly want to communicate that. Jim Farley and Stephen Odell and the teams will be working also to strengthen the brand and so in the aggregate, it probably will go up, but we will have substantial efficiencies coming from our footprint. We've got Stephen Odell on line, so maybe Stephen could comment.
Robert L. Shanks: Rod, I would just add that we are taking a lot of the learnings from North America to Europe, but it is important to understand Europe isn't North America. Europe is a much, going into this a much, much leaner organization. It clearly has excess capacity which we are addressing, but if you look at the other areas of the business, it's very lean. So as we come out of this and we invest in product and we want to grow the business, we will see the efficiencies from addressing the excess capacity, but we actually want and need to invest in other areas of the business to drive the top line both in terms of volume and net revenue.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, we review our policy regularly as part of ongoing reviews of our cap strategy, and as we have said, our strategy is to pay an appropriate level of after-tax earnings that allows us to maintain a dividend during the downturn and we’re kind of comfortable with where we are right now, but always reassessing and at the moment don't have anything else to say on it.
Robert L. Shanks: First on South America, the results all year have been affected by the government policy changes in addition to the issues that I referenced earlier, not only in Venezuela but also in Argentina on currency access. Yeah, we’ve been affected. The team is responding as quickly as they can to that in terms of what happened between Brazil and Mexico. They essentially suspended the Free Trade Agreement, and have in place now quotas which are lower than what free demand would have been. And so that is having an effect in the short-term.  We also have the same situation occurring now between Argentina and Mexico, where I think we’re still working to try to put in place an agreement that could result in something like a quota but at the moment, we just have higher tariffs that have been put in place by both parties since the Argentinians decided to suspend the Free Trade Agreement. So that is still a bit of a work in progress.  When you think about global platforms, I mean, all the business units are beneficiaries of our strategy around global platforms. Europe, of course, most of the products that Europe has were the products that ultimately became global products elsewhere. So, in terms of benefits for them, they clearly have been a great beneficiary of that not only on variable costs, but equally so on the investments in terms of engineering and also in terms of to some extent, the investments we put into the facilities. And we expect that to continue going forward and to be one of the contributors to the turnaround in Europe.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, you would want everybody generating – our guidance is that we’d like to achieve an 8% to 9% operating margin for the total company. We said that, we’d like to have North America at sort of 8% to 10%. So, given the size of North America relative to the others, you would like to see North America representing 55%, 60% of the Company that's generating an 8% to 9% operating margin. Clearly it's more than explaining all the profits, but that simply reflects the opportunities ahead of us in transforming our business in Europe, addressing the issues in South America that we were just talking about, and then getting Asia Pacific to the point where it is meaningfully contributing to the bottom line. We are confident that in all three of those areas, we are on track to do that. 
Robert L. Shanks: No, I was talking about North America, so on a pretax operating basis, they've made more than $2 billion first, second, and third quarter and on an operating margin basis, they have exceeded 10% in the first, second, and third quarters.Alisa Priddle – Detroit Free Press: Okay, thank you very much.
Robert L. Shanks: I think what you're seeing is a very, very healthy cost structure. As I mentioned earlier, Robert, we can be breakeven at 10 million industry or slightly below that and the industry in the quarter on the SAAR basis was about 14.7 million. So we are getting good -- obviously we have healthy margins on F-Series, but we are also seeing good margins across much of the lineup. And in fact if you look at the pricing in the quarter for the Company, we generated about $800 million of year-over-year good news on pricing and about half of that was in North America and the majority of that was actually in carryover vehicles, which shows the work that the team has been doing on strengthening the brand, but also managing very effectively our production to our demand. So we’re able to really get every single dollar out of each sale that we possibly can.
Robert L. Shanks: In the quarter on kind of a year-over-year basis, it was pretty much equally split between favorable performance in terms of the product mix of the vehicles and also favorable performance on a series and option mix basis. So we clearly are seeing people as you suggested putting more on their vehicles, but we are also seeing favorable product.
Robert L. Shanks: Karl, that's a good question. I mean 12% is a very, very high number in our industry and that isn't a number that in general you would expect to be able to sustain over a longer period time. But that's why we keep calling out the fact that North America has been able to do so well for three quarters in a row. I would not expect them to have that level of margin in the fourth quarter for the reasons that we talked about. They will still have a good margin and a healthy margin. It wouldn't be quite that high, I don't think. So as we go ahead, as I mentioned earlier, I think North America will continue to carry the load. They will have a very healthy margin as we continue to work on transforming our business in Europe and strengthening South America and as we start to see Asia-Pacific more and more come back online in terms of delivering a stronger profit as it continues to grow. And as we get towards mid-decade on a trend basis, we would expect the Company on average to be generating an 8% to 9% margin and North America 8% to 10%, but are we going to have quarters where they do better? Sure we will.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, we make more on higher series products that we do on lower series. Your supposition is correct there, but the thing that’s interesting that we are seeing is as customers are becoming more conscious of fuel economy and it becoming a greater reason to buy, as they are buying more fuel-efficient vehicles, they are buying higher series because they're downsizing, if you will, but they don't want to downsize in terms of their feature comforts. And so more and more are going towards the higher series, which of course helps our bottom line.Todd Lassa – Motor Trend – Media: Okay, thanks.
