Jim Farley: Thank you, John. The decision we made to reallocate our capital is a strategic one. It’s some combination of the margins we’re starting to see on our software, like Ford Pro, that’s really the first large shippable software. The usage patterns we’re seeing in BlueCruise, how much people use it and how passionate they are, and that’s before ICE off, the confidence we now have in delivering L2 -- Level 3; the access to public markets for Level 4 funding; the opaqueness, as John said, of the view to return capital, the invested capital in Level 4 and Level 5. And it’s some combination of that and a few other factors. But the biggest factor is our growing confidence in our talent, both the Argo talent and the team at Ford that Doug is building. And I’m sure in the investment conference that will be a big focus of his comments. It’s that combination, more than are we behind or we ahead, that informed us of this decision. And I think it’s one of the bigger moments for us as a leadership team. And we are so excited about the software we can ship to our vehicles. We see it in BlueCruise now. We see in a Ford Pro. And we see other software that we’re in the midst of. And the other key enabler is our growing confidence in landing a fully software-updatable vehicle as we launch our second cycle EVs. John, maybe it’s best for you to talk about the reallocation of capital.
Jim Farley: Yes. So, one of the things that we’re doing is, as we’re taking settlements with the supply base, we’re looking to do that more in a lump-sum fashion, so that it’s not baked into the piece price. And we’ll share more about what that means on a go-forward basis as we talk about ‘23 in Q4. So, what we’ve provided for the year is it’s $9 billion, up from $7 billion last quarter when we reported. The amount of $1 billion in the third quarter was part of the third quarter, but it was also a settlement for the first half as well. And it largely reflects a lot of ways, a confluence of factors that led to that. One of the things we are having better clarity around is schedule and stability. And combining that with labor shortages and our high complexity, that had a larger impact on the supply base’s ability to deliver cost efficiencies this year and much higher than we expected, and quite frankly, higher than we were initially willing to accept. And so, we spent a lot of time with our supplier partners. And we came to the conclusion, and that included conversations all the way up with June with supplier CEOs. And our conclusion coming out of that was that it became evident that we needed to increase the settlement amount, support our supplier partners, and we made the call in the third quarter. And then, we told all of you as soon as we made that call. So that we got out in front of it and knew what we knew.
Jim Farley: Yes. So, we are seeing the commodity spot prices come off a bit, but quite honestly, it’s not meaningful enough at this point to make a significant impact. I think we’re all trying to work through the macroeconomic environment how far are things going to slow down, how quickly will that drive easing of commodity prices? Will that also drive ease in the whole logistics chain? We know that logistic prices are up significantly. Ocean freight is up significantly. And so, right now, we’re trying to make that call on 2023, with a quarter left to go, is a really difficult thing to do. So, we’re going to hold off on doing any of that today. And we’ll be able to talk about more of that with our Q4 earnings at the beginning of next year.
Jim Farley: Thank you, Mark. I think, Doug, is best suited to answer this. All I would say is that we’re timing the arrival in line with our second cycle of EVs and a fully updatable -- software-updatable vehicle. So kind of think of that ‘23 to ‘25 time frame is Ford completely refreshing its EV lineup globally, introducing fully updatable electrical architectures and in-house software development for controlling the vehicle, leveraging all of our experience of now we’ve done 5 million OTAs and on enhanced Level 2+ and Level 3 system. Over to you, Doug.
Jim Farley: It only accelerates what we’re going to do, for sure. And what’s exciting for us is being a 40% player in the U.S. and the top brand in Europe of commercial vehicles in the U.S. I mean, we never had this before. And to give you a sense of the EV tax credit for commercial, how evocative that is for Ford, the people who buy a police vehicle, so people who buy ambulances for communities, the emergency responders, they never had tax credits. They are going to have -- this is not just a $7,500 tax credit for consumers. This is for businesses, including local municipalities. So, I think this will have a dramatic impact on the adoption of EV, which we’re already 90% market share in the e-van business. We think we’ll really accelerate the demand for these commercial EVs, and that’s only going to accelerate our speed to market and our scaling of those vehicles. We can’t wait to show you the vehicles themselves because they’re second-generation commercial EVs. So, this is going to accelerate. What’s not clear yet, I said, is will the consumer demand side of this legislation be the largest benefit to our customers in the company, or it would be more like the industrialization of vehicles? That’s something to play out in the marketplace. And it’s hard to handicap that, honestly.
Jim Farley: That is a very good question. So, obviously, we have this unique profile as a commercial company in EV, and we now have, I mean, literally all the commercial pickup truck business that’s EV, and we’re 90% plus on the van side. So, it’s a very important question for us. And we also think for affordability, back to Rod’s point, LFP is a very important technology, and all the IP is in China. So, this is a really dynamic situation. I think what you’ll see is that the tariff rules of the importing LFP batteries into the U.S. is still very favorable, so. And we have a really great contract with a particular LFP supplier to incorporate those batteries next year. So, I think, we’re in really good shape. The real billion-dollar question is when do you localize production of LFP in North America? And is that in the U.S. and Mexico? And where do you build the cells versus pack? And whose name is on the front of the building and all that. And we’re not going to go into that. But I will tell you that just given the reality of the tariff structure, we can import LFP from China economically now.
John Lawler: Yes. So, first off, we’re not capital constrained. We’re investing our $50 billion, and we’re investing on top of that in connectivity and software. So, we ended the quarter with $32 billion of cash and $49 billion of liquidity. So, it’s taking that investment and putting it towards a business where we think we will have a sizable return in the near term relative to one that’s going to have a long arc. And that’s the business decision behind it. So, I think we need to be very clear about that. We’re going to invest in L2 and L3, and some of the savings that we have will go into that.
John Lawler: Yes. So Colin, when we looked at this, as Jim said, not only does it require the technology breakthroughs and the capital invested in the technology, but then in all the services and fleets, scaling across the country that would be required to get to a profitable business. We saw that five years plus the horizon being that far out before you could actually get to something that started to generate a meaningful business. And we see a much greater opportunity to impact more customers immediately with the L2, L3 technology and impact our business in a positive way in the more near-term time frame. So, that was part of the business discussion that we had with the team.
John Lawler: Yes. I think it’s really two things. It’s the mix that we can see, vehicle line mix coming out of the supply base and then sterling. The exposure we have, as you know, we’re the largest commercial vehicle player in Europe from a brand standpoint, and we have a very strong presence in the UK. And so that currency change did hit us quite hard after the quarter closed. And so, when we look at that, one of the things that we’ve done, Colin, that I’ve done, is I spent a lot of time -- the team has -- the last couple of weeks, doing deep dive on-site reviews of the supply base. In fact, we’re approaching a deep review of almost 300 of those suppliers. And what we’re finding is that there’s a number of non-chip suppliers that are struggling to ramp production as the chip crisis eases. And it’s not easing tremendously, it’s easing slightly. We’re starting to see that. But then we’re seeing issues in non-chip suppliers. It has to do with the tight labor market, but it also has to do refining with many of the suppliers during the COVID time frame had not invested in maintenance or in their facilities and tooling, and so they’re not able to ramp as we expected. And that’s hit us in the fourth quarter on mix versus what we had expected. And so, it’s really the mix in the currency that’s getting to us and brought us down to the low end of our range.
