John Lawler: Yeah, so if you look at where we ended in September, we ended at about 20 days’ supply in the U.S. and we're watching it very closely from a day supply standpoint. In -- as we talked about last quarter, in our historical base supply was somewhere around 75 days. We're not going back there.  As Jim said, we're going to be very disciplined and we expect to be in the 50 days’ supply when we're fully at full capacity and we're running and producing everything that we can, so that's gonna be the key. The other thing I would say, John, is that the move as we talked about in our remarks to having more of our sales come through orders, unlike orders in the order bank.  That's really important for us to manage our day supply. So it's a less of a scrounge stock push through and its customer demand pull-through based on the orders and we had over a 100,000 orders at the end of the quarter and that's grown since then in our order bank and that play well for us in the third quarter.
John Lawler: Yeah. So from the magnesium standpoint, when we look at that, we are seeing price pressure on aluminum broadly, we saw that all year and probably see a little bit more price pressure due to the magnesium issue, but our sheet metal suppliers -- our sheet aluminum suppliers don't purchase magnesium from China for North American production. So we don't see that having any significant impact or any impact on us.  We do see the chip issue continuing to run through 22, as we said, it's very dynamic. Right now, if you ask us what we think the sequential increase in supply will be year-over-year, we think we will have about 10% more, but that's changing weekly.  And we're doing everything we can to get our hands on as many chips as we can. But we do see that running through 2022, it could extend into 2023, although we do anticipate the scope and severity of that to reduce as we move through 22 into 23.
John Lawler: Yeah, Rod. We'll start to see those come in as we get into 22 and then they'll feather in to 23 as we continue to ramp our investments in our plan, our priorities. Not only in the products, the BEv's, but also as we're building out our customer facing technologies, our connectivity, etc. So yeah, you will see that start to come in on a year-over-year basis next year and it will continue into 23.
John Lawler: Not -- I'm not ready to do that today for '22 and going in through '23. We're completely targeted on getting to that 8% in 2023, so we'll manage it within that. But today, I'm not ready to talk in that level of detail about.
John Lawler: Right. I think what you'll find is that as you look through 2022, the first half will have less supply than through the second half. And as I said earlier, we see this mitigating over time. It may extend into 2023. But I would say that we should be back up and running based on what we're seeing today, our run rate, the end of next year into '23. And then in 2023, we'd start to rebuild our inventories.  But it's dynamic, Rod, and it's hard to make a pinpoint call at this point in time. But we wanted to share with you what we're seeing is that -- we're seeing about 10% for next year, and we see that the chip constraints is going to still...[Indiscernible] going to still be at [Indiscernible]. So we have to keep managing as we are this year.
John Lawler: So it's interesting because I remember those days when Don probably made that comment about rental fleets and that they were low margin, etc. I think what you're finding is business models are changing and the fleet business is evolving just like everything else in our industry. And we see that there could potentially be a positive fleet business where there could make good money.  And so we're not going to shy away from that if we see that its right for our brand and we think is right for the bottom line. And so we're going to continue to look at fleets differently and we're going to continue to think about vehicles as-a-service and what that potential holds for us is that business model changes and we'll see where that takes us. But we're not going to go back to the times where we're putting in capacity; we're pumping out unit, selling them at little to no margin for rental cars. That's not going to happen again.
John Lawler: It's okay, I was just going to see our fleet business now. Now that we've rationalized the Company, our fleet business is very strategic for us. It's also very profitable. It certainly varies in Europe, and North America, and China. Different fleet segments have different profitability. The one thing I would ask you to think about is that most of fleet that matters at Ford is commercial vehicles.  And the most important commercial vehicles for us are small, medium-sized businesses. And those are very profitable business for us, for transit, for super duty. That's where Ford excels in the fleet business. And it's smaller fleets, it's not big fleet sales. So the texture of this is that we're revenue managing the Company very carefully.  We know the margins by geography, even within the country and we know by distribution channel. So this is a very thoughtful approach for us, but strategically, especially because of the Pro business and its profitability, we want to make sure we have where reliable partner with fleet customers.  They do business with companies that are reliable, that don't come in and out of the market, they do business with companies that have a full range of products, a full range of services. That's why Marion is investing in Ford Pro, and why we're vertically integrating our services.
John Lawler: Yeah. So as you would expect, we're very conscientious about the dynamic of the supply and demand and the impact that has on the pricing and we look at this on a daily basis managing our incentives, looking at if we should be taking top-line pricing given the inflationary pressures we're seeing.  As we talked about, we're not going to go back to the old habits of loading of the dealers with stock and then looking through the push through for sales, were going to focus more on orders coming through online. Specific orders to customers being satisfied, understanding what their demands are, simplifying the system.  And with all of that, we expect to retain quite a bit of a price. Now will it mitigate as we go through next year as supply and demand comes more in Bell and in '23? Yes. But our job is going to be to manage that and retain as much pricing as we can. And while providing customers good value for those products. So it's something that we look at very closely on a daily basis.
John Lawler: Yeah, Colin, that's a great question. Thank you. Now, we did say last quarter that we expected the second half to be up about 30% looks like it's going to be up somewhere around 15%. And so what you're seeing flow-through is the strength we had in the quarter relative to the top line and other actions that we took relative to cost, etc.  So when you look at that walk, that bridge between Q3 to Q4, we expect market factors to be positive. We also said, we think volume is going to be up sequentially about 10% and also see a little bit stronger, stronger mix continuing, and then of course you'll have some product-related costs, production-related costs associated with that.  But net -- net market factors, net of those costs to produce the increased volumes is going to be positive. We're seeing from a headwind standpoint, if you look at Q3 to Q4 our commodities, we expect that on a quarter-over-quarter basis, they are going to be up about $700 million. And if you look at that so far, year-to-date, we've seen about $1.6 billion of commodities hit us. When you get to the Fourth Quarter.  You can get the Cumulus factor that on a year-over-year basis, commodities are going to be up about another billion five in the Fourth Quarter. Year-over-year up a billion five sequentially, up $700 million.  And then we are going to see some higher warranty costs on a sequential basis in the Fourth Quarter for things that we have to take care of around extended warranties and a little bit higher coverages. But again, on a year-over-year basis, our warranty will improve in the fourth quarter. In full-year, on a year-over-year basis, our warranty, we expect to be good by about a billion for.
John Lawler: Yeah. So what we're seeing there is that we've got the EBITDA coming in, right that improvement, but the less favorable improvement in working capital and timing differences hitting us in the quarter. Because we have lower than anticipated volume in the back half of the quarter due to the chip constraints, and so we get with that working capital at the end of the year. So that's what's happening to us on the free cash flow, so it's a timing issue.
John Lawler: So of the 30 billion, when you look at the cap, very little. We said about half of that was cap. Very little of that has been spent through 2021 relative to the 13 to 15 billion, about half of it. Of course, you're going to see the expense front-loaded because that's primarily be engineering that we have in developing the battery electric vehicles.  And then the direct investment, which is about 25% of it bats with things like the virtual go integration of J.D. and those types of things. And you saw those announcements this quarter with our plan in BlueOvalSK, the battery plans. That's how we're going to unfold that bad spending over time.
John Lawler: Yeah so we're not going to give a number at this point and say, but what we're saying is that the strength of our new product lineup, our high-volume nameplates like in the strength of what we're seeing Rod Lache, as Jim said, we think there's about demand for 200,000 units. We've got the Bronco, Maverick, E-Transit, and F-150 Lightning is coming.  It's the best lineup that we had, and so that's going to be a tailwind for us for sure as we go into next year. You're seeing that come through this year, and we're going to build on that. But we're also going to have to manage the headwinds that we've talked about.  And the other puts and takes but what we can tell you is we are laser-focused on getting to the 8% target in 2023. And so we will manage into next year. These are the types of things we're seeing from a puts and takes standpoint strength, the tailwinds and headwinds. And we will manage that next year and will be on the path next year towards our 8% target in 2020.
John Lawler: As we talked about last quarter Mach-E is EBITDA profitable today, but we also know that the margins are not as strong as our ICE margins. And so we're working on that. Overtime we expect as we scale, as you said and as the technology costs come down, we will grow those margins and ultimately, we do expect with these connected vehicles is connected bands that the profit margins will be better than what we're seeing on ICE today but that's over time.
Jim Farley: Yeah. It's the underlying strength of the business, John. And we're not capital constrained. We're able to fund our initiatives for growth. We know that there are going to be other opportunities that surface. We're confident that we can fund those. And we're focused on total shareholder returns. Not only stock appreciation, but also the dividend. And so given the strength of the business, the Board elected that we would restart the dividend this quarter.
Jim Farley: Thank you for your question. A lot of the product we've been working on for several years, we made the tough choices. I would say the answer is we have a plan; it's not an advertising peer taglines. It's our plan, everyone in the Company knows what we have to do. We are out of time. And we have focused. We need to get an 8% margin like we did this quarter as a Company, regularly because we have to fund a high-growth BEV and digital business.  It's not to make more money -- yes, it is that. But it's motivated in the mission of transforming Ford through these digital products. So running the ICE business for cash, getting serious about our cost, our quality, our launches, our 8% return. It's all a mission, and the team knows the plan and I think the culture is starting to change to be quicker, more accountability, less bureaucracy and that mission permeates through the Company.  I'm probably the worst person to ask whether something's changed, because it sure has changed for me, and my leadership team. But to me the proof is in the putting like our third quarter. And whether we really changed this Company will be proven out in our numbers over time, like to have the last year.
Jim Farley: If we make up our mind, and we come together as a team like we did on Maverick, it could be just 2 years. We did -- we knocked 20 months off the Maverick development, but it required the leadership team to not have the hand-wringing on the studio for 6 months, like we normally did. I think that's an improve point. But the question I ask myself is a little different.  When we see a technology change like this, like BEV, it's not just the speed of your product creation. It's can you be flexible and agile in your industrial system, like in manufacturing. We have 3 complete hits on our hands; a Mach-E with 200,000 units of demand, that's we have the Lightning with over a 160,000 orders and the transits completely sold out.  So how I like to think about it, it's not just a product creation speeding up the total Company. And we have to do our job to break constraints now, so that we can deliver hundreds of thousands of battery electric next year. That to me is the proof of our change, not just our faster product creation process works.
Jim Farley: Thank you so much for your question. I'll ask John to comment. From my view, the order bank model that we're going to in North America that we're in right now, has benefits across the patch. We are an incredibly complicated Company. And so, having an order bank allows us to push simplification into the order that the customer facing options, which we need to do. And a reduces costs and improves our quality.  Number 2, it eliminates the need for expensive conquest, fixed marketing. Number 3, it's incredibly helpful for industrial system. You cannot imagine Ryan how much money we waste by guessing what our launch mix is for new product. When you have an order bank special for new models. You could capacitize the high series mixes that are very profitable, right in line with customer demand.  So it's incredibly cost-effective. And it allows you to address the long tail revenues that we've lost in the past because of our undrawn ground stock model. And the last one is its lower cost. There is less parts hanging around. We can manage our industrial system and our manufacturing and a leaner way.  The question really is how we maintain it as you said, is the market improves and the way we are looking at that. Is not just having a day supply target in the past that we've managed, but actually putting in the infrastructure to maintain, or prefer an order-based system. That means we train our system to put in orders.  We reward people for putting in orders. We dynamically price for customers so that they are incentivized to keep ordering versus buying off the lot. So it's going to be a journey. It's been a very rewarding one so far. And we're just beginning. This is the model we have to go through as most of our business are -- majority of our business goes battery electric and digital. It's the right loyalty model.
Jim Farley: The move to a digital product means we have to go to a 100% loyalty model. So the reason why you're seeing us launch battery electrics early is very simple. It's our Super Bollard. Our new Super Bollard, or new Detroit Motor Show is our reveal. because there's starts the clock on reservations and you have to do it early enough so you are industrial system gets informed by the results of your reservation. That's the closed loop that has to happen.  We need to open it early enough so that our industrial system can react to the orders and we don't waste money and take advantage of long tail revenue. And it's a more controlled environment than a broadcast media advertising on the Super Bowl.
Jim Farley: So we're gonna continue to work and focus on improving our business, right? Our target is to have an investment-grade Balance Sheet, but that's going to come by improving the business, and you're seeing the strength of that come through. And so, that's what we're focused on. What the rating agencies to -- decide to do with our rating, they'll manage that.  That's up to them. What we're laser-focused on is improving the run rate of the business, improving our performance, improving our overall metrics, and eventually, the rating agencies and the ratings will take care of themselves.
Jim Farley: So I think we have a really good, profitable fleet business around the world. We look at the margins very carefully, but it's strategically very important for the Company to be a reliable partner.
Jim Farley: Well, John, I think you should you should answer that one in terms of how we revenue manage in a constrained environment.
Jim Farley: In the Escape business, we now have another player called Bronco Sport, in a segment. It's incredibly profitable and people really appreciate the product. We're know in the business of commodity products in that segment anymore, we changed, we made investments several years ago.
Jim Farley: Thanks, such an important question for the Company. I'd like John to comment on the margins. Right now, we have 3 high-volume. Very well accepted battery electric vehicles on our hands. Mach-E, E-Transit and the F - F-150 Lightning. So the way we look at it is we want to grow this business really fast. Just the Mach-E demand itself we think is 200 thousand units that do not include the Lightning or the E-Transit.  Our first job is course post-job one customer experience improvement. Post-job one simplification and improvement of the cost vehicle and post-job one quality improvements using the data off the vehicles. Perhaps our biggest job in my opinion, is to break the constraints we have in manufacturing and our supply chain, so we can get these products out to these customers.  That post-job one orientation is quite different than how we historically looked at the ice business where we wait to a minor change or something later to make those changes. The constraint for Mach-E right now as batteries, we think we can break some of those constraints by working creatively with our China team and get our batteries from China. So stay tuned and I'll ask John to comment on the margins.
Jim Farley: Mission critical for us to truly disrupt personal ownership. We have to democratize shared mobility. And the self-driving and mobility in the driven world are absolutely mission-critical for the Company and disruptive itself. I am really proud of the team's progress. It's different than our competitors in the space. We've gone to the most difficult miles in 4 or 5 different cities.  Our mapping, our SDS deployment, and the algorithms are built to be scaled for production deployment. So we're not going to a small market area and easy miles like others. We're taking on the toughest problems now and building our capability for scaling quickly. And I think that's always been our approach.  The relationship with Argo and us and Volkswagen is very close, but we do see us moving into more of a production mode now. And we're really ready for that. And we think this will take capital and little more time. and we think the access to public capital is really mission-critical for our journey.
Jim Farley: Great question. Our philosophy is different. We think partnerships on the demand layer for our autonomy and Priya autonomy is making critical for our always on strategy. Are there pieces missing that we're working really hard on [Indiscernible]? We're not going to talk about it today though.
Jim Farley: Well, this is also really important. First of all, I would say the heart and soul of Ford strategy is our commercial business. And that business where vehicles are highly utilized. Our dealer network is one of our most important advantages versus the new competitors. I will give you some statistics.  We have 650 dedicated commercial, mostly service centers in the U.S. in 850 transit centers across Europe. So that will take a lot of time and a lot of money for someone to recreate. Every one of those dealers has multiple bodybuilders that can call design for those trades. And those vacation locations for our Ford vehicles.  So the dealer body is not only important for the after sales experience and making sure those vehicles can be serviced but it's also mission-critical for the outfit of those products. The dealer network is absolutely strategically critical for our leadership and maintaining that as we go to digital connected vehicles for our commercial customers.  There's no doubt that many customers want us 3 or 4 clicks very easy service experience on the retail side. We're working really carefully on that, including a simple e-commerce platform. And actually in China, our BEV business already has 25 direct stores by the end of this year. So we're starting to experiment.  I think our dealers and served us really well. I'm very proud of them. I'm especially proud of our commercial dealer and we're, we're very vigilant. You can imagine I get lots of e-mails every day about transaction prices from customers on our hottest products. And we all feel obligated to represent the brand professionally for our customers.
