Jim Hackett: Thanks, John. Jim Hackett here. I think that's well said. I characterize it in the company that we're always managing the now and the far in parallel and they are synergistic, they feed each other. But they have totally different kind of requirements, right? So in the now, the message in the company is we work really hard to get the portfolio rationalized, communicated, we - just to remind you, we went to work really hard on the platform architectures underneath that whole portfolio. At the same time, we feathered in our connectivity. We're working on car architectures that power the vehicles. We're talking about proportion inside of them with electrification. So there is a lot in that - in that product turnaround. And the market, it's too early for me to tell you the new portfolio share improvements better than the old one. But the market is giving us really good signs there. It does boil down to, we can't miss a beat now in the product launches. Today, for example, I spent a lot of time with Joe and others are working through the F-150. So that's, that's the state and spirit in the company as we saw the mistakes, we X-rayed that deeply for you in the last call, so that you knew, we went to kind of went to the desert to get to the bottom of that. I have zero question that we have identified what's - what was at risk there, what bad decisions we made? What new things we have to change? That's all kind of in the rear view mirror and now it's about executing on the things that we've laid out this year. So that's my perspective from the product. Tim, maybe you can address the global redesign. The thing I just want to sneak in on the global redesign. This is - this has to happen in parallel. I give our people a lot of credit, because their day jobs of managing what I just laid out runs in parallel as they redesign the company and there is some really bright spots in that. For example, the Europe team has a lot of momentum right now, and you might mention that Tim in your summary of what's been going on there.
Jim Hackett: Yes, fair question. This has come up before, John, in previous quarters. But Joe, you might confirm.
Jim Hackett: So Rod, it's good to hear from you, it's Jim. You know there is not a point tonight where we're going to go market by market. We just don't do that for obvious competitive reasons, but let's just repeat what is in, what color is in the guidance we've given.
Jim Hackett: Thank you, Rod. They are over-performing, which is a good thing. That's kind of in the reviews, I've been really impressive, particularly in Europe, as we said.
Jim Hackett: Adam, it's good to hear from you. And the first comment on transparency did not bounce off the atmosphere. I do understand that in this transformation of Ford, the from-to kind of calculus isn't always apparent. For example, consider we've got a portfolio that is in the midst of some things are sunsetting and all these new things are coming out and you, you want to know what can we project in terms of your earnings performance. And it's my instincts that back when we first started talking together that this is going to make a much better Ford and in fact, I mean now, I am now more certain of that. What I didn't count on and we're going to address of course is that we can't fumble execution because we, the value of Explorer launch back in our year is a different kind of story about Ford. So, that's just to confirm that we are doing our best to try and teach you about where we are in the transformation. But it's my confidence that you're going to be happy with that. Now the thing about Tesla is CEOs don't ever talk from this table about competitors. But I have been really candid in the company since I came about what is the business model that's there and what frankly about is attractive? And what you can see in Ford's commitment. I'm really proud of the team here as we arrived in June '17, the propulsion strategy was kind of nil and we got that squared away. We have 17 new hybrid and all-electric models across the entire lineup. So picture that Ford's in a position where it's got a portfolio of products for its customers, including a bigger extensive offering than the other guy. But the key component of this is the need to have these vehicles connected and over the air communications and the kind of configuration that one can bring to the customers. We already know that the kind of volume we're going to have in car years usage by 2025 will be over 100 million car years of usage of data, so just let that sink in. And that's what, that's what the market sees right, in the future of the car industry, that there is this kind of opportunity for expansion and growth. But I haven't forecasted that in tonight's discussion. It's not, it's because we got to prove that we can get this done, and get it, get it to produce the kind of results that you're seeing there. But I think we're much further along in that journey than we were just two years ago when you and I first started talking about it. How do I know that this Mach-E has generated more attention and kind of interest than in recent memory of any kind of product? The kind of searching that's going on about Bronco would amaze you. And so I know that it is really high, given the execution and the kind of improvements that I just mentioned. So let me, let you react to that.
Jim Hackett: Yes. Well, thank you for ordering the Mach-E. I got to tease you, I just ordered mine last week. I want the world to know I waited. I want to get in the middle of it. I didn't want to be first in line and went really well and they said that I'm right behind Adam Jonas...
Jim Hackett: No, no, that's not the deal, I want to live it. But thank you. VW, so yes I'm proud of in the repetition of the good things that happened last year, how well that came together in kind of an early phasing of what you are now witnessing and the commentary that we made in the opening was that, you don't have to combine Human Resource departments to get the kind of value in the automotive industry that we think we can, we can get arrangements like that. So, I want you to see the optimism that and hear the optimism in my voice that we're open to lots of ideas there. And I want to also stress that Mahindra similarly is proving to us that in emerging in emerged markets, it really is expanding the power of Ford. So right now the plate is full though with the things that we've committed to each other. Those two companies and Ford, we really got a lot going on, and I want to see the conclusion of that before I start adding a lot more to the plate.
Jim Hackett: Well, we would like to return value to shareholders. I know that's a really bad answer, but it's true and the dividend has been legendary value creator at Ford. We are really responsible about the way like you say that you think about the use of the balance sheet to fund that. A year ago on this call, I made it clear that my objective and the way I was thinking about all the things coming in front of us is I want to continue to pay the dividend, I wanted to be able to fund the restructuring and make all the investments in the future. You know that those - the balance, all of those interest was behind the business plan that has rolled out. And so I want to continue that because we said we could do it. And right now we can. And Tim, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Jim Hackett: I am going to ask Joe to answer that, because this is a primarily North American kind of question as well. So Joe.
Jim Hackett: Joe, it's an interesting thought. I'm actually going the other way emotionally, which is I don't think the company can keep itself like of straddling in an old world and a new world forever, it kind of confuses the organization. And so in some of the challenges that I have on mind to do this, I have a friend in the business who said, he carries around a card with what are the toughest conversations and issues that he has got to address and no one really wants to deal with. From my perspective, the transformation has to accelerate and so I don't want to do anything that makes the organization feel like we can park it on the side. And if it does well and grows up it gets attention, but if it doesn't, we didn't really integrate it and so I have stronger instincts the other way. But I understand your question also in terms of, can we do something to prove that our transformation, and our strategy is actually accelerating. And I get that; I would like to take that away is something that we, that we ought to do is try and show you how the compounding of our new ideas are actually taking off. That's the confidence I want you have tonight is that, that I am seeing them, it's just not material enough to move the needle. And that's what I want you to get the confidence, that is - it will move the needle and it will have impact.
Jim Hackett: Thank you. And tonight, you know our slide started with a picture of the Mach-E. And I was inspired by the picture as I waited for you to ask questions. This product that's on that slide lives in great respect for the Ford legacy, but as it respects, it's not in reverence. It's not in such reverence so that it can change. But this vehicle is an iconic example of what we've been working on, the company has to change. It's changing its portfolio, it's restructuring markets like Europe and South America. Europe hadn't been touched for years. It's taking on the bureaucracy. We cut it by a third, $700 million likely in run rate savings. We mandated connectivity, which was a multi-billion dollar commitment before we had the kind of software to run on this. We build agile team, that's how this vehicle was created. And then there is an obvious question as you look at that and I look at that is can we execute and of course, we can. We will promise that we will earn your trust in that area. And I don't want you to think that we have to struggle on the way to the future, we are not going to cancel the future because of the focus on earnings. We think these - the improvement in earnings that we all want and the requirement that we have to get to our future can live in a synergistic way and build the kind of excitement in Ford Motor Company that you heard Adam and I talking about tonight. So, thank you for your time on the call.
Tim Stone: Yes, so from a redesign standpoint, we made, as Jim said, strong progress in 2019. And it's a highlight for the year. Europe, for example is carrying out strong execution of the redesign of its business, announced closure of six manufacturing facilities, eliminated a total of 12,000 positions, and focused on leadership and doubling down on that leadership in commercial vehicles and importing iconic nameplates as well as passenger vehicles. South America continued to move to lower cost asset-light footprint, including exiting the production of heavy trucks in San Bernardo as you know and discontinued Fiesta and Focus models. And for the year, we saw charges this year of $3.2 billion and total thus far of $3.7 billion. If you factor in the guidance, we're giving on restructuring charges to be at $4.6 billion to $5.1 billion through the end of '20 and from a cash standpoint through the end of '21, $1.9 billion to $2.4 billion. And I think the benefits of the redesign as well as the fitness are starting to show through. If you look at 2018, for example, structural costs were flat. 2019, structural costs were down year-over-year. So you're starting to see it reflected in the underlying fundamentals of our results. And as you suggested they continue to build over time as further actions are implemented.
Tim Stone: Yes, it will potentially only add to your comment you just made, but I think we took a step forward this quarter in providing a segment level commentary connected with the cash flow and EBIT guidance that we gave, in addition to not providing regional commentary. We're not speaking to specific attributes from a cost standpoint, such as warranty and so forth.
Tim Stone: Yes. I think slide 20 illustrates the $11 billion in charges and $7 billion and how we're progressing against that $3.7 billion thus far, as I mentioned we factored in the guidance for 2020 would be $4.6 billion to $5.1 billion, potential actions that we are still considering there. The [ph] cash standpoint, $1.1 billion thus far and with the guidance we gave $1.9 billion to $2.4 billion. As far as the calendarization of that, we still have several years to continue to execute. I mean on the global redesign, we don't have a new announcement to make today. But I think one of the things we are seeing in the cash savings, cash side, sorry the saving, the team has been especially thoughtful about how we execute on the restructuring actions in Europe and in South America, for example, and taking every opportunity to save cash in the process.
Tim Stone: I was addressing the next question about - apologies. I was addressing the question as to why we made them lower that you might have been expecting through 2020. The number is still $11 billion and $7 billion over…
Tim Stone: No, that's well said. And that's one of the reasons why we look at our targeted cash and liquidity positions, we established those targets of $20 billion and $30 billion, which were $22 billion and $35 billion now, heading into a downturn. So it could be in a position to invest in our long-term investment, the customer experience and fund the dividend for shareholders.
Tim Stone: That's right. That's why we gave the guidance for the $0.15 per share dividend, throughout this year per quarter.
Tim Stone: Yes. So again in 2019, mobility investment was up $0.5 billion and explaining our range of EBIT guidance for 2020, along with - at least normal growth in Auto and Credit being lower, now we are saying mobility investments to be up again year-over-year, we are not quantifying the amount. We will be de-consolidating Argo when that transaction closes. As a reminder, that's the self-driving system only, the SDS. The go-to market and other aspects of that as far as vehicle customer value proposition is separate level of investment. We're taking a very prudent approach to it.
Tim Stone: Yes. As far as the time frame on that as you said, $1.9 million to $2.4 billion through the end of '20, of the $7 billion and beyond that, we haven't given specific timelines or calendarization over the next several years. We'll update everyone as we have more information.
Joseph Hinrichs: Yes, John, good evening. So we do expect to be able to achieve the new CO2 requirements without incurring fines or purchasing credits. I just want to make that clear. It's a product-driven plan. We've known about these regulations for several years. They were first public back in 2012, 2013. We've been playing the business accordingly. Since then, by the end of 2020, we will have 14 new electrified offerings in the market in Europe. And by the end of '24, we expect to have 17 electrified vehicles including number of mild hybrids, plug-in hybrids, some full hybrids and then a call - including our electric models. So this also includes improvements in our diesel offerings and other products that are internal combustion engines as well. So we feel really good about the plan, we need to execute the launches on time to make sure that we get the products that we're planning to meet those, but our plan is definitely product-driven and we do not expect to incur any fines, have to pool with anybody else or purchase credits. Thanks.
Joseph Hinrichs: Great. I'll take that, Jim, thanks. So as we said, at least nominal growth in Auto. Jim just said, we are not going to spread that around by region. With Ford Credit being lower, you may have heard in the call, we expect the auction values to be down 5% year-over-year - compared with 2%, sorry in 2019, big driver there, and then increasing investments mobility. As we saw in 2019, $0.5 billion increase for example in mobility investment. So that's the primary color we are providing on the different segments as opposed to the regions. We also - I can go through the headwinds and tailwinds for you, but they're not to be underestimated that the headwinds, for example, of 2020 launches late in the year F-150 for example, CO2 costs, mobility as I just mentioned, Ford Credit as I just mentioned and then tax rate up to mid to high teens compared to 11% in 2019. Those are the primary headwinds. Tailwinds, we certainly have a full year benefit of the sale of the Explorer, for example, as well as mix and price of new products, and then as I mentioned in the earlier question, the benefits of fitness and the global redesign and of course the non-recurrence of UAW, it's about a $0.6 billion impact.
Joseph Hinrichs: No, I was - thanks for asking. I was saying they were up in 2019 by $0.5 billion, and 2020 they will be up, we are not giving the magnitude.
Joseph Hinrichs: Thanks, Jim. Thanks, Dan. I mean, first off, we're very pleased with where we are with our F-Series and Ranger here in North America and the range of performance in places like Europe and other places around the world. Without getting into specifics of the margins in 2019, we're - I also will say that our pricing, transaction prices, incentive levels relative to the competition, and our overall sales volume were all very good in 2019 here in the US and so we feel very pleased with our progress going into a year when we have a new F-150. We had a new Super Duty at the end of last year. So we're not worried at all about where our competitive position is on our F-Series trucks. In fact, we're really excited about the new trucks that we have coming this year. And if you know that the cycle times of where things are, we get the benefit of a new truck after seeing what GM and Ram have done and actually held on very strongly to our volume and our pricing. If you look at the pricing specifically, we continue to have the highest transaction prices in the segment with the oldest truck on F-series, F-150 specifically and adding Ranger to the portfolio just added to the business, and in fact gave us the largest pickup volume in the US last year of all manufacturers combined, so - or all manufacturers that we compete with. So we feel really good about where we are on the F-Series. As Jim mentioned, we feel really good about where we are right at this point in time and the launch was coming up in the second half of the year on F-150. So we're not - F-150 and F-Series is of course the crown jewels of our company and we feel really good about where they are competitively and where they are from a profit standpoint.
