Alan Mulally: Well, John, thank you for the question. Well it’s a strategy that we’ve implemented and are executing. I think we’re comfortable with the amount that we’ve taken from the marketplace and don’t have any plans to do anything further in that regard.John Murphy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Second question on Ford Motor Credit. Pretty good start to the year in the first quarter. Just curious if there’s anything that you’re seeing as far as credit trends or anything else as far as originations that would lead you to believe that should deteriorate through the course of the year. Because your guidance seems to indicate the second, third and fourth quarter would be a lot lower than the first quarter. Just trying to understand what the thinking is there.
Alan Mulally: Well we had, we’ve certainly had a lot of benefits because Fusion was up 26% in the quarter year-over-year and Escape was up 25%. And the other thing that’s very exciting about that along with the other products in the super-segment is that was one of the bigger parts of our share increase in the quarter and that a lot of that took place on the coast and in the southeast, so it’s just exactly what we wanted those products to deliver. I think as the quarter progressed we got better availability. Still very popular products but I that we’ll continue to see strength as the year progresses.
Alan Mulally: Okay, Brian, I’ll take a shot first. Very, very good question, but first let’s acknowledge fabulous results, fabulous margin, great consistency over a number of quarters so clearly running on all cylinders in North America which is presently the backbone of the results. I think what you’re seeing first of all is you’re seeing strength of the brand, you’re seeing strength of the products and the great refresh rates that we’ve got and I already touched on some of the individual performance by vehicle line just a second ago. The pricing is holding up and the team is doing a very good job in terms of being very disciplined on that as well as on matching production to demand, and of course the great cost structure is continuing to bear fruit for us. Now, what we saw in the first quarter, and we kind of touched on this a bit I think in the January earnings call is we are seeing costs go up at a rate that, in the first quarter...we’re holding the margin down from I’ll call it just a pure leverage effect flowing through. And it’s really around the fact that particularly in the first quarter, remember we added the 400,000 units of annualized capacity of last year? Most of that happened after the first quarter; now we’ve got all those shifts in place. We also are continuing to invest very heavily in engineering for new products and I also touched on the noncash kind of unique items that we were going to see effect the bottom line this year around OPB and pension and the asset impairment from 2008 as that ran off. The other thing that you’re seeing in the results in the quarter is we have about $300 million of bad news on mix in the quarter which is actually good because what it says is we’re being successful in our strategy to sell more in terms of the smaller vehicles, smaller and medium size vehicles, again touched on the success that we’re having there. So that along with the costs that I touched on which is largely for growth this year and in the future is what is keeping the margin at sort of that fantastic level of 11% in the quarter.
Alan Mulally: Well, we clearly expect to continue to get a great margin going forward. We’ve guided in our mid-decade outlook of just to an 8% to 10% margin which as I mentioned a number of times in the past is a very, very strong margin in the automotive business on a consistent basis. That’s sort of a cycle average type of number. We’re going to continue to invest because we believe we have great growth opportunities not only in places like Asia Pacific and some of the other growing markets of the world but here in North America and what I touched on was in the coast and in the southeast. We under-index our share in that part of the country. And the type of products that I touched on earlier around the super segment are starting to bear fruit. A lot of the share growth that we actually saw in the quarter came from those regions as opposed to the sort of Great Lakes, central part of the country which has been our historical core strength. So that’s all good and we think it’s the right call to make to continue to invest in future growth.
Alan Mulally: Okay, yeah. So that’s what happened. It’s actually, it’s a non-repeat of the stock reductions that we saw last year which we actually said in January would be one of the positive factors that you’d see in our results this year and that’s what’s coming through.
Alan Mulally: Yeah. If you go to the slide on Europe, which is, let me just find it here, go to Slide 16, Matt. And what you can see to the far right is we show the restructuring costs that we incurred in the quarter was $110 million. You can see structural costs were $83 million, the majority of that I think at around $80 million or so was the accelerated depreciation.
Alan Mulally: Thanks for that, Rod. Yeah, we mentioned in January that we expected the structural costs to be increasing at a rate that exceeded last year. We didn’t provide any specific numbers, I’m not going to do that today but you can already start to see it come through in the first quarter. And when you look at the roughly $900 million increase on a company basis the way to think about that is we kind of break it down not by sort of areas of the business but sort of causal factors. About 30% of that is related to volume this year to support shifts over time sourcing work pattern changes and so forth. About 40% I would call future growth and a lot of that is around the engineering expense that’s going up as well as the investments in the branch or the advertising sales promotion which a part, by the way, is volume related directly. And then you’ve got about a quarter or so that is European restructuring and then some of these unique things we talked about in January around, in North America in particular, OPB, the asset impairment runoff and then Europe and North America on the pension side. So those are the factors and I think you’ll see that pattern continue through the course of the year and we will see higher levels of cost increases as the business grows, as we respond to the needs of our business to support higher shares and higher industries and the expanded product line going forward.
Alan Mulally: Yeah. In the case of Europe we came in at a 7.7% share in the quarter. We’re guiding to a share that’s flat for the full-year more or less which was 7.9% last year so we clearly expect to do better as we move forward in the balance of the year. And again, you didn’t ask this question but I just have to underscore the good things that are going on in that number. The team has delivered, as we said in the comments earlier, a retail share increase which as you know from following North America was a critical part of the turnaround of our business here. And to achieve that in the first quarter right out of the gate is just absolutely fantastic and particularly in the environment that we’re in. And if you look at the pricing, pricing was basically flat, negative $23 million on the size of the business that is and by the way good news compared with the fourth quarter. So doing very well there and being very disciplined to take down the share in those other segments. We didn’t see a share increase in net fleet which we’re targeting but that was because largely the Genk facility was not producing much during the quarter. So really, really good results there and we do expect as new products roll out and we get more availability of new products that we’ll see better shares as the year progresses. Maybe by quarter we’ll be up and down a bit, I don’t know, but we’re going to do better as we go forward. And on the royalties we are seeing royalties come through from the Chinese joint ventures. That’s the major factor but we also see royalties coming from our joint ventures on autos in particular and smaller levels of royalties elsewhere, but China would be the major one and autos on it a bit and Russia as well.
Alan Mulally: Okay, thanks for the question, Peter. And the questions on leverage are completely understandable. On the question of APA, we have said previously that by mid-decade it’s going to represent a really material portion of the overall company’s profits. Because by then, we will – we have under construction right now seven plants as I mentioned; five in China and two in India. We’ve got a lot of engineering underway that we’re incurring the cost for today. That’s going to substantially expand our portfolio and the number of segments that we participate in across the region. So that’s kind of where we find ourselves. We were very delicately balanced between that very strong growth and then the investments which will pay off in the next several years. But I think we’ll start to see next year the region contribute more meaningfully. But certainly by mid-decade it’s going to make a big difference in terms of the bottom line of the company.
Alan Mulally: Well most of the volume that’s sold there is actually built because of the very high tariff barriers that they have in place in all the key markets. We are rolling out all new products, global products that will replace our legacy products. We’re planning to increase our market coverage from 67% today to about 82% by 2015. So that will contribute not only to absolute growth but we think a strong relative position in the marketplace. What you’re seeing this year is extremely challenging conditions in Venezuela which I think everyone is – understands. But we’re also seeing issues in terms of the economy in Argentina. So I think we’re starting to move past – I mean the trade restrictions we have reacted to, putting the Fiesta, the refreshed Fiesta into Brazil. Actually we were planning to do that before those changes but that will clearly help us. But we’re in – it’s in progress of being launched right now. So I think we feel good about our plan for South America but we’ve just got to work through these issues that we’re suffering from in terms of exchange rates. You can’t price for that much exchange overnight. And so, you’re going to have to continue to work our way through that over the course of the year and beyond.
Alan Mulally: Sure, Adam. Really important cell and I am still very much encouraged because since we talked the U.S. government has also continued that dialog with Japan. It’s also included in the discussion about the Free Trade Agreement with the TPP and again, I’m very encouraged to see just the conversation about letting the markets set the exchange rates, being part of those free trade agreements also. So clearly this affects everybody around the world and I’m confident that we’re going to work this out to get back to real based trading. With respect to the near term we haven’t seen the effect of that yet in a big way but clearly that would put many people at very much of a disadvantage if that continues. So I’m very encouraged that we’re going to continue to work this between government-to-government.
Alan Mulally: We continue to follow the developments and obviously we will do whatever – we will follow whatever the legal rulings ultimately become because it is our goal to be compliant with all laws.
Alan Mulally: Hi. This is Mark. Great question. As Bob mentioned earlier, what we won’t see in the rest of the year are assumption is the impact of the devaluation of the bolívar. But what’s driving some better performance in the rest of the year is we’re going to be launching our new Fiesta into the marketplace. And also, a little later this year, our new Focus so that will complement the performance our new EcoSport and Ranger and that will drive revenue and we expect some share performance. Secondly, the thing to keep in mind, in the first quarter volumes are usually the lowest. And the reason for that is you have the plant shutdowns for, particularly Carnaval in Brazil, which don’t experience later in the year so those are the factors.
Alan Mulally: Well that’s a good hypothetical question and we’ve run lots of scenarios internally as you might imagine. But our plan, our 50/50 call is in fact that we’ll see very modest growth in the industry and in economic conditions there. And on that basis as well as just what we know is helpful for the business which is to invest in product, regarding what the external conditions are that we’ve got the right plan. Now as you said, that is a possibility, the scenario that you outlined. And as you’ve seen from us in many parts of the world and many parts of our business we will constantly look at the external environment and we will adapt as appropriate based on what is coming at us. But we think we’ve got...so far the call we’ve made for the year appears to be pretty good and as I said some of the indicators as we look further ahead suggest we could be bottoming out and perhaps this very modest improvement in the external environment we might see evidence of that later this year, early next year.
Alan Mulally: Thanks for the question. Overall, as you said, we’re very proud of the fact that the F-Series remains a leader in the segment. And as you heard from Bob’s comments earlier, when you look at some of the structural costs, a number of those structural costs were in the engineering area for new products. So clearly, as we work on our future products, including next generation F-Series, it’s inherent in those numbers. And I think the key is making sure, as we manage that business, we manage it appropriately. And I think if you look at it this year, our stocks are in good shape, our transaction prices are up over $1,100, and we’re at the top on transaction prices in the segment. So I think we’re managing the business appropriately. And we’ll do that to keep our leadership position for the current product and any future product going forward.
Alan Mulally: I don’t know if you understood that, but that’s what makes it very, very tough in the marketplace. And more recently at this past evaluation there’s actually a press run on all the manufacturers who hold back on pricing, so it’s a very tough market and we’re just going to have to work our way through that.Mike Ramsey – Wall Street Journal: Thanks a lot.
Alan Mulally: Well Chris, I understand why you’re asking that question. I would too if I were in your shoes, but I really, really am reluctant to say anything that would be interpreted as a forecast of any particular quarter for any particular region. You’re correct in looking at history that in general the first half will be better than the second half, and that has to do with the long vacations in the summer and that type of thing. But we’re in kind of a different place in terms of the restructuring. The restructuring, I think, will hopefully continue to build on the fabulous results that Steve and the team have delivered in the first quarter. We’ve got a lot of new product that have yet to be fully reflected in the marketplace. It’s possible that as we said earlier you could see a little bit of tilting upward, if you will, in terms of economic and industry conditions toward the latter part of the year. So I really would hesitate to make any forecasts on a quarterly basis for Europe in particular.
Alan Mulally: Well I mean obviously engineering isn’t flat by quarter, and then on a year-over-year basis, as I mentioned earlier, some of the things that are affecting us in the first quarter have started to come into play last year as those quarters progressed. Warranty is lumpy because we do have different periods where we kind of true up the reserves based on the maturity of the time and service for the vehicle lines, so that can be lumpy. But in general those are probably the exceptions I think.
Alan Mulally: Well, for total company we expect the year to offer positive pricing to the bottom line. We do think that North America will be a significant contributor to that, of course with the caveat that we’ll have to continue to watch and monitor what happens here as the competitors that benefit from the weaker currencies do or don’t take advantage of that, and it depends on how they do that. I think I the case of Europe, as Stephen pointed out, just doing a great job of holding the line, and I think as the year progresses, if we can come out the year having done that, I think that will be a great step forward for us, and I think we will see positive pricing in the other parts of Ford.
Alan Mulally: And, Bob, if I can just add to that. Not only have we got Genk back up and producing, but we’ve also effectively re-launched the current Mondeo with probably a stronger bias towards retail. It now meets certain benchmarks, below benchmarks on tax incentives for CO2 and more equipment at the same price, so completely agree with the comment.
Bob Shanks: Yeah. Well, the dealer stocks – and Stephen can add – the dealer stocks are in great shape. We talked in the fourth quarter about doing a strategic stock reduction and we basically have gotten there with that. We’re in a low 40 day supply range in terms of that. What you’re actually seeing, we only had 13,000 units of stock change in the quarter. Last year we had a stock reduction of 20,000 units so it’s the change in the change if you will that’s generating the $400 million of the total company, I’m sorry. I thought you were talking about Europe. Yeah. In the case of total companies that’s what you were talking about.
Bob Shanks: Well as you look at our – we’ve been very, very, very consistent. Our incentives don’t kind of – they’re not particularly volatile. We might be tactical in any given month on any particular product. But on average, our incentives month-to-month-to-month have been very, very consistent. One thing that – it came up in earlier question that we’re going to have to watch very closely is what happens competitively as the Japanese competitors are able to benefit from the weak Yen. We are starting, around the world not just in North America, very selectively and very early to see some signs that they’re taking advantage of that. But it’s a little bit too early to make any particular forecasts around that other than we need to really focus on costs because we know that that’s going to be important regardless of however they chose to handle that.Alisa Priddle – Detroit Free Press: Okay. Thank you.
Bob Shanks: Yeah, it has a significant impact. It is a very small part of the business. I think the industry’s only about 180,000 units and I think last year we sold maybe 23,000 units. The issue is that the exchange rate is controlled by the government and it’s artificially strong. So what they’ve had a history of doing in past years is they kind of periodically will do an official one time evaluation. Our balance sheet, because we have difficulty in getting cash out, we get exposed if you will on the asset side relative to liabilities and then when they devalue, suddenly we’ve got to sort of devalue that asset positive balance sheet and we take a hit when we do that.Mike Ramsey – Wall Street Journal: Okay. Thank you for that explanation.
Bob Shanks: Well, again, I don’t want to provide a quarterly forecast I think you’ll see increases decay on a year-over-year basis for each quarter, and it probably will vary a little bit as we go forward for the total company, and again for some of the reasons I just mentioned. You know, the counterization of engineering. As those capacity increases came in, as we continue to make further investments for growth, not for this year but for forward years. So, I think it’s. You can expect cost increases, but I think it’ll vary by quarter.
Stephen Odell: Just two quick comments. The industry in the first quarter ran of about 13.2, 13.3, so it was right in the middle of our guidance. And April, although not finished yet, is running at the same sort of level. So we’re pretty comfortable with the full-year industry guidance. And one important business factor coming out of the reduced dealer inventory – because the dealers are running about 40 days’ supply, it differs by market – is that now we’re actually getting dealers press us for units that we hold so, then as opposed to us pressing them, and that’s a significant change in business operation and helpful in the regard of also performing better on retail penetration. We just added 8,000 units of Kuga production because the dealers want to sell more units, up to 100,000 units out of Valencia. So it was exactly the right thing to do from a business perspective but also from a long going operating perspective.
Stephen Odell: Okay. Thank you. That’s pretty tough to predict other than, with industry levels running in the, between the 13 million and 13.5 million in capacity, considerably above that in the industry, we should expect, and indeed we are very competitive levels of spend. Just to confirm, although I’ve seen something to the contrary, just to confirm, we are actually below industry average for volume manufacturers on the spend which is part of why you saw our net pricing being basically neutral in the down industry. And one of the ways that we can achieve that is by driving business towards the more profitable segments like retail business. And we intentionally took down rental and demo business in the first quarter, about 20,000 units in total, which we elected not to pursue, partly through margin, but also because it, not doing so, allows us to richen our mix toward retail. And that’s obviously helped by the new product deliveries coming through at a much accelerated pace. So my perspective would be, if the industry remains in that band width, to be as competitive as it currently is, but of course, it’s very volatile so we’ll remain competitive but we are selective in where we chose to do our business.
Stephen Odell: Sure. Thank you. What you’re seeing in the second quarter is in part, as you referenced, incremental Kuga production. Not only are we ramping up, but actually we’re looking to ramp up at a faster pace to try and match demand. You’re also seeing full production out of Genk since we reached the agreements that Bob alluded to earlier on. The plan has produced, actually pretty much on schedule every day, and our expectation is that will continue through the second quarter.
Stephen Odell: Oh, I’m sorry, Monday launch. We’re looking at probably the fourth quarter of next year. Remember, that we still in the information and consultation period with the Belgium unions, and that would allow us to cease production in Belgium subject to agreement in September of next year, and obviously we’d then have to run POP production in Valencia, so it would be some while after that period.
Stephen Odell: Yeah. We see the pricing outlook as I tried to answer earlier on as stable. It’s obviously very competitive, more competitive than it’s been probably ever but stable at that level unless something significant happens to spook the markets. As Bob said, could be that we see we reach the trough later in the year and then, or later this year early next year, and then we start to see a gradual return and that would obviously help pricing.Joe Speth – RBC Capital Markets: And on mix, we have adverse mix in Europe in the quarter, a lot of that around the lack of the availability of the CD vehicles to the extent that the market would demand, and as Stephen said that has now been addressed with the plant back up and producing as of the latter part of March. So for the full year we would expect the possibility of having positive mix effects in Europe.
