Alan Mulally: Yes, I think, Doug, we will. When we announced our earnings at the end of the year, and we will also lay out what our expectations are for the 2011 funding plan, which will include what our mix between unsecured and secured will be.
Alan Mulally: I think you've got it pretty much spot on. They know the assets well. It's an asset class that performs consistent from year to year. We haven't changed anything from our originations standards. So as they looked to sort of re-establish or expand their balance sheet, this is our number one choice from them from a standpoint of asset.
Alan Mulally: Not if we want to pay it off. We have the ability. We in the VEBA agreement we have the ability to deliver shares for the annual payment. But any prepaid payment needs to be done with 100% cash. And the reality is, is we generated the cash from the operating part of the business. So that makes all the sense to use the cash to pay down debt.
Neil Schloss: Yes, it's netted with the draw down on the government financing that we are using to accelerate our investments in alternative technologies.
Neil Schloss: I think it's pretty consistent with our focus on cash in total when you look at both payables in inventory and the other related items.
Neil Schloss: Brian, let me go ahead, this is Neil. Let me go ahead and take the first one and then I'll have KR answer the second one specific to credit. I think if you look at what an investment grade capital structure would look like clearly an unsecured revolver would be part of it.
Lewis Booth: Yes, Mark. Typically, second quarter is usually the best quarter. And it did go up a little bit in the third quarter. But on an absolute basis, it's still relatively very low.
Lewis Booth: I think when we initially put the securities or when we initially issued the securities themselves, I'm going to get too complicated here real quick if I'm not careful. They bifurcated the debt piece from the equity piece. And so when we actually, and we actually said it in the earnings call this morning, we will actually take a special charge for the difference between the debt value, the fair value of the time we issued it to the fair value of the time that we extinguished it. So it will depend, the size will depend upon the participation in the transaction.
Lewis Booth: No. The $800 million that we quoted is our interest save. Excluded that, so your numbers are pretty close.
Kenneth Kent: Again, Brian, on used vehicle prices, I wish I was a sous there. There are a couple of things in my mind that probably we'll keep them at or where we are running right now. And that's primarily the standpoint that the market that I particularly plan is a two- and three-year-old vehicles. And as I mentioned, we had about 400,000 lease terminations this year. And next year, we're going to be down to about 230,000 terminations. But not everyone of those vehicles ends up in auction market, obviously, as the consumer face off their loan and take their vehicle. But it's just an indication of a bit of a supply reduction next year. Not to mention other firms, but when you go back, effectively this is back in the 2008 when you think about 24 and 36 month leases, this is about the time 24 and 36 month leases should be coming back. We never got out of the Lease business, but it did reduce. So that's why you're seeing that lease terminations coming down. And I will point out that's also coupled with the Jaguar and the Mazda, Volvo's that have gone away. But other firms kind of got out of the leasing business which will also, I believe, should be reducing supply out there as well.
Kenneth Kent: Yes, Tony, just to give you a little bit of perspective. Typically the third quarter as far as repossessions go for example or the LTR, it's usually the best quarter and it usually goes up during the year. And we like to say some of it is related to tax refunds in the second quarter were people are able to catch up more. And then we also talk about at the end of the year its usually the worst part of the year. So there's always a bit of seasonality that flows through the business.
Kenneth Kent: No, and if you look at our loss receivable ratios and there are a number of reasons why they might be down but kind of do everything, where it potentially kind of back to where we were in 2006 and 2007.
