Robert Shanks: Sure, Adam. Okay Adam, it's 13 weeks in total. It’s 11 at Dearborn and two at Kansas City. And I think it's first of all, stepping back. But I think it’s fair to say that when you look at the decline year-over-year that we’re expecting in North America’s results, it’s largely attributable to the F-Series. And that’s probably about all we’re going to say in terms of the financial affect of F-Series. In terms of [counterization], I’m going to answer that somewhat differently because we didn’t provide any specific commentary today on [counterization]. I was expecting that you guys would ask about that. I think it could atypical year and I think it’s because of the product launches. It's also because of the uncertainties around particularly South America from the emerging economies and the effect that they could have on us quarter-by-quarter because we said in New York and similar internal assumptions, we’re assuming some sort of evaluation that will be able to reflect in Venezuela. But given the recent announcement from general government, they are not clear exactly how that would happen if they set up this two-tier network and how we’d be able to capture that more accurate value of the currency and let that flow through to a devaluation. So I think it's going to be an atypical year and what I plan to do is as we go through these quarter and we kind of see where you guys are if we think we need to kind of nudge it one way or the other we'll try to find an opportunity to do that in the course of that quarter.
Robert Shanks: Well, some of that depends on the degree to which we can price in Turkey for that. But I think what it probably means is that it will hurt the profitability of the Ford Otosan joint venture, but could have benefits or at least more balance if you want to cross Ford because so much of what they build in Turkey is exported back into Ford Europe.
Robert Shanks: I think maybe slightly negative. We actually had some negative effects within the year-over-year performance in Europe related to the Turkish Lira.
Robert Shanks: Good. Yeah. We did have a negative effect. Year-over-year, it wasn’t as large as you indicate. I’m just checking my factory here. We’re looking on a year-over-year basis of about eight-tenths and only about six-tenths of that was mixed among vehicles which is what you're talking about.
Robert Shanks: And that was largely the fact that we had such great success with our super segment vehicles. S-series were less as a percent of the total. It actually grew it share of the segment and in the growing segment, so it's a big positive for us. So I think as we talk about this before, Joe, I think it’s a positive. We’re focused in a one element of change which is mixed but its more growth in total. And so while the margins of those vehicles are as great as they are in the larger vehicles, it’s more in total in terms of revenue and profitability and certainly helping our returns. And that is our plan going forward in terms of extending our portfolio and particularly focusing on all segments, not just trucks as we did historically.
Robert Shanks: Yeah. We will go back to what we have talked about in August as the conference relate on our cap strategy. We still have ahead of us about $6 billion reduction in automotive debt, so if you remember we talked about getting down to about 10 and we’re 15 -- 157 I think at the end of last year, so that's got to be handled. Going back to the earlier answer on pensions, we still have $1billion to $2 billion a year over the next two or three years, can manage there. We also -- I'll remind you we’ve got the -- one of the large convertibles that needs to be taken care towards the end of this year that we worked about a $1.6 billion or so depends on the stock price to take care of that if we were to use cash as opposed to stock and so that option is on the table. So I think if you take all those together, you’re going to find us getting down to $36 billion and cash $20 billion to $21 billion. 
Robert Shanks: I think -- this is Bob. I think we’ll see -- our expectations are that we’ll see industry growth. We’re still making investments in products that could include expansion in the portfolio, we'll have to wait and see. And we’re working to strengthen the brand and to make sure that we can get more out of every unit that we sell in terms of revenue. So I think -- and of course F series getting a back up to speed after the changeover to the all-new F-150, obviously will put that back on track. So I think it just -- it’s growth across the entire portfolio supported by a growing industry.
Robert Shanks: Yeah, I think we’ll see another year of increase in structural cost as we continue to grow across the world. It just will be quite to a level that we saw in 2013.
Robert Shanks: I would just also add on the second part of your question on growing our retail shares going forward. It’s all based obviously on getting great product to customers and you’ve heard in the past our 25 vehicles that we’ve been launching in the last five years. So we launched 11 last year, we are going to launch 12 this year. So that gives you a little indication of the product part of the plan and how we are supporting new products to the marketplace. A little over 40% of the sales in cost lining Europe in 2013 was from new products or significantly refreshed products. And when you look at our order banks, December year-over-year it’s up about slightly less than 30%. So we feel as long as we can continue to deliver these great products to customers, we are very encouraged by the response from them. And importantly our dealers are feeling more encouraged. They improved their profitability last year and also importantly they have stepped up and over 2,500 dealers have agreed to upgrade their facilities over the next year or two. So they are also very encouraged in anticipation of the growth. And finally from a brand standpoint, getting back to our Europe transformation plan around product brand and costs. On the brand front, the brand is getting stronger based on the metrics that we see. Pricing is improving versus the competitors. And as you know, we’ve gotten our stocks in line, particularly along the lines of self-funded stocks which are down significantly resulting in our brand.
Robert Shanks: As you saw on the slide 26, the pension expense was $1.6 billion. We expect that to be lower in 2014, reflecting the improved tonnage status.
Robert Shanks: Just very broadly, I mean, the way that I would think about Europe and I would put into any dimension the actual improvement that we are looking at, at least not at this point in time. But we are going to see positive market factors in Europe in 2014. And we would expect that to be both and sort of more on the mix and I think we will do better on net pricing. Going to back to Mark’s comments around all the new products as well as the fact that the markets seems to be slightly turning, which is going to help a bit. We don’t expect to see too much change in total one cost and so one of that will just flow through.
Robert Shanks: Well, what we’ve guided is, with the mid decade about $7.5 billion of CapEx for years and months, we would expect to the years ahead. That will fluctuate little bit around that and as we find more and more growth opportunities, hopefully, I hope we have the chance to invest more into even more growth and that’s actually what happened on June ’11. And June 11, we guided to $6 billion. And as we understood the opportunities of the ONE Ford plan, we just found so many more ways in which we were going to be able to drive the business growth slower and that, results in the increase in spending. But I think $7.5 million plus or minus over the next two to three years is probably about right.
Robert Shanks: Yeah. I’ll give a brief comment and then, Mike Seneski can fill in. When you look at what happened, this is largely -- if you look at the previous slide, it all happened in the fourth quarter. And part of what happened is we had a reduction in auction values, but also what you had -- last year, if you remember we had hurricane Sandy that really devastated northeast. And the northeast is an area of high lease take rates. And so that storm had the affect of creating, if you were a little bubble if you will have auction values. Now the year-over-year basis, we kind of normalized versus that and so on a comparative basis, you're seeing a big decline. I think that explains lot of what Mike supplements.
Robert Shanks: No, on the operating side, we had a benefit from a change in our repatriation plans of distributions from Ford Credit outside the U.S. So we have booked (inaudible) assumption that we would make that repatriation but we didn’t through some restructuring in Europe leaving the cash there. So that enabled us to -- we had to reverse that, if you will, into the fourth quarter.  The other thing that happened on the special front, which is about $2.1 billion good news which as you said was not included in the operating, about $1 billion of (inaudible) have to do with investments in our European legal entities which enabled us to increase our deferred tax assets. And then in addition to that, we had about $440 million, good news that was a tail of what we did back in December of 2011. At that time, we released most of our valuation allowances against our U.S. deferred tax assets but not all. The ones we didn’t release were largely related to U.S. state and local income taxes. And (inaudible) concluded that as we look ahead that we’re going to be able to utilize those assets that we have released valuation allowance against that which enable to defer tax assets that show up, if you will, on the balance sheet and flow-through income. So those two explain largely $2.1 billion. 
Mark Fields: Well, I think, fundamentally as you know, as you see in the past, we view the price of fuel overtime to rise, that’s why we’ve been so focused on fuel economy as a reason to buy for Ford. So I think we have not changed our view on that. I think, we’re well positioned from a capacity standpoint. As you know, we’ve been designing our manufacturing plans to be very flexible. And also as the same time as we mentioned before, we now with our global One Ford products, we also have more flexibility on where that production comes from, depending upon the region. So I think we’re comfortable with our assumptions right now and we have the flexibility if we see changes.
Mark Fields: Well, as we said from our capacity standpoint here in North America, we have six facilities that will have some capacity actions this year. Globally, as we mention we’re opening three plants this year, two in China, one in Brazil and that’s part of overall in Asia Pacific or 10 plants we’ve been building which we’ve opened four so far and six to go. So as we grow the business, we think that we’re making sure we have the appropriate amount of capacity and flexibility to use the assets to the greatest extent.
Mark Fields: Well, I think, majority of our plants are flexible here in the U.S. We’ll talk about -- we won’t get into additional details of what we’re doing but clearly our whole approach of being able to match production to demand and do that flexibility as you see in a number of plants, we’ll continue to walk on that path.
Mark Fields: Yeah. Rod. We'll just reiterate on the F-150. As you know we had a third crew on Kansas City last year. So that is not one of the plants. There were weak in their capacity, we have sufficient amount of capacity at the F-Series plants. It’s really some of our other plants and some of it is adding capacity, some of it is changing line rates and those type of things. 
Mark Fields: Hi Alisa, it’s Mark. When you look at our quality performances, as we mentioned the three big areas where we’ve talked about before in North America around MyFord Touch and transmissions and [some security items], we’ve made a lot of progress, interestingly enough, significant progress on MyFord Touch. At the same time, we’ve seen a much higher take rate of MyFord Touch. So that has tempered our improvement that we’ve seen there. I can tell you that we’re all intensely focused on continuing to improve our quality, not only hear in the U.S. of course during the year, we have a lot of launches, but when you look in South America we had some issues at the end of 2012. We think we’re through that. We’ve had very good performance in Europe as well as Asia Pacific. So we’re just going to stay intensely focused on that and keep listening to our customers and improving our quality. We’re absolutely committed to that. 
Alan Mulally: Yeah, that’s with or without Middle East broken out; we probably would have given the same guidance.
Alan Mulally: And what we’re planning that we’re going to have a Ford University event later in the quarter and one of the things that we’ll do and I think we’re going to do this in the 10-Q as well as to provide some insights in terms of, what the impact of that changes on the affected business units.
Alan Mulally: Well, we still think that the target of 8% to 10% that we’ve talked about is appropriate. I think as we go forward, yeah, we just had the question from Joe I think, we’ll see pressure from a higher mix of smaller vehicles and we talked about that before. The pressure from increasing cost to meet regulatory requirements and the extent to which we can price or not to recover those as well. And then as you recall in the discussion that we had in New York in December, we’re building into ’14, we wanted to see how long does it last, but we're building in a proper pricing environment because of the benefits that Japanese manufacturers have from a weaker Yen. That can change over time, but we kind of built that in going forward as well. So we’re still comfortable with 8% to 10%, but those are types of examples of factors that, sometimes we have quarter that's well over something like that, we all get excited and think that we’re on a some new step level of performance in North America. It’s these types of factors that we think are going to keep us in that 8% to 10% range.
Alan Mulally: No, we can comment on discussions that we may or may not be having with UAW on this. That would be private between us. It’s true that -- we’re finally -- the light isn’t at the end of the tunnel in terms of the funded status and all of our global funded plans and we expect to get there by this decade. One thing I would say is John is that our objective is to get to a funding status on an economic basis, not just on a U.S. GAAP basis. So we have to go a little bit beyond in terms of what you’d see from these data which are U.S. GAAP. But we’re close. I think what it really means is that we don’t have to contribute as much over the next two or three years and we talked about that in December and now maybe about a billion to two a year, maybe at the low end of that range to get the fund status. And then, of course, there are options, because once it’s fully funded, you can think about some of the things that you’ve talked about. There is always a premium involved in that. I don’t know if that would make sense with one investor or cash and outlay, but it’s certainly an option that we don’t have any plans to do that at this time.
Alan Mulally: Well, I think, overall, John, it’s a good question. As you know, we have a lot of experience with this going back to the current generation of our F-150 which we did about four, five years ago and then the new generation five years before that where we have staggered launches. So I think what you are going to expect from us is we have assumptions obviously around the industry and around segmentation. So I think we are well-positioned from a stock standpoint to support dealers throughout the year. You may see some months where it might be a bit elevated depending upon the sales rate but we are manufacturing out our accessories of production this year and we feel comfortable with our assumptions.
Alan Mulally: Ryan, your question actually highlights why we look at South America and what’s going on now on it, just trying discuss exactly what’s going to happen, because all those things are in play and it depends to the extend in which we comprise, it depends to the extend, the government could take other actions as they did in Venezuela. We have been able to get cash out of Argentina away, we don’t have the same type of exposure that, that we face in Venezuela, where we have been unable to get the cash out. We still have about $700 million of cash sitting in Venezuela, whereas in the case of Argentina cash at minimal impact our local balance sheet relative balanced. So don’t take that issue. There is also positive, I mean, the thing is interesting as Argentineans trying to store value and something that’s more durable has actually created maybe a bit of the bubble in the overall industry, pricing has been good there recently and because people want to purchase their currency or their value and something car like a vehicle, so it’s actually been a positive. But, overall, clearly, now what we are seeing is much, much higher labor inflation, much, much higher level of devaluation, we will have to see how the government chooses to respond to that in term of any constraints they put on since we try to manage the business. Longer term, we could make Argentina more competitive and as you point out we do export from there, so that would be a positive. But we just have to wait and see how all that mixes out with the time it is. I think you have highlighted something, I wanted to underscore today, which is to repeat maybe with a bit more emphasis than what I even said in December, which is we have got an outlook for South America about the same as what we saw last year, but I would just underscore again the level of risk that we are going to have to manage particularly over the next few months in Argentina and Venezuela. We expect to see how that all sorts out. I would remain you we have been in Argentina 100 years, so we have been through this before, but it takes a lot of work, we have got folks no matter even that type of environment.
Alan Mulally: Yeah, I don’t know the answer right off the top of my head. As you know, we have a higher share in the UK than we do on average across Europe. So certainly the fact that the UK industry has outperformed the rest of Europe has benefited us. But, I don’t think that’s a major part of the share increase at all, it’s largely due to the retail focus that we’ve had in Europe and across a number of different vehicles including Fiesta Kuga, we’ve got Eureka Ford sport coming in and so forth. So I think it’s largely around the focus of the team, the new products that we’re rolling out, 40% to 45% of the lineup was new this year in terms of what we told. So I think that’s a bigger driver than the effects of the UK although that actually didn't help us. 
Alan Mulally: Craig, this is Alan. We’re very positive with the response and discussions that are taking place, which is clearly the awareness of the global interdependencies and the importance of global rule based trading is really, really becoming clear to everybody. So, currency discipline and having the markets set the currency rates is going to be very well understood and the importance of it. So we are very pleased about the dialogue that is going on now, as you pointed out with TPP.
Alan Mulally: I think (inaudible) -- as we mentioned consistent commitment to this. Joe Hendrix and the North American team are very focused on this particularly around the launches as well as the implants controllable. We’re very confident, we’re working on the right items and we’ll continue to do that going forward.
Alan Mulally: Karl, I’ll take the, kind of the first one and Mark can maybe help you out in the F-Series question. I think the way to think about Middle East and Africa and obviously we'll talk more about that as the year progresses. Is this maybe about 70%, 80% the size of South America in terms of the industrial volume? We’ve had about 5%, 5.5% market share. So when you think about where the volume will come from, you’ll see some volume coming from our North America and that was largely going towards Middle East. So we will see some volume coming out of Europe because that volume largely was going into North Africa and into Israel, and other parts of Middle East and then you’ll see some volume coming out of Asia Pacific Africa and as far as the Ranger, that was exported from both AAT and Thailand and a little bit in South Africa. So that will all collect into what is -- but will be our new business unit in Middle East and Africa. So it was only about, maybe 250,000 units to 20,000 units something of that range and you break it among the three, it’s not going to have a big effect immediately. What we are really targeting is the huge growth opportunity. That region was about 3 billion of customers that represents in the year ahead. If there is (inaudible) income continued to rise.
Alan Mulally: And, Carl, the second part of your question is part of the [Escape’s] launch capability. We stressed capability, so we have the four new powertrain, like two of all new when you mentioned the 27, our EcoBoost. We have a new V-6, naturally aspirated and of course the 5-liter as well as the 3.5-liter EcoBoost. So from the manufacturing standpoint, we’re not going to discuss the 2.7 today but we will in the future as we get closer to the launch. 
Alan Mulally: And what I would like to do is answer my own question. So my own question is, why are your results in the fourth quarter in Europe so much worse than the third quarter, as I kept waiting for someone to ask the question. Since you didn’t, I am going to ask it for you. And the answer, as I said, is largely around the fact that -- and this has been (inaudible) couple. We had about $110 million of a number of different one-time [comp clean-up] factors that occurred in the fourth quarter. We had about $50 million to $60 million of favorable tax in the third quarter which I did not highlight, because it’s not material, we normally wouldn’t talk about something that’s small (inaudible) getting caught on a quarter-to-quarter basis, going from favorable to unfavorable. But about 50% of the impact -- and this is about $115 million or so of seasonality, so it’s about 34% of the difference, which is largely a cost but also there is a seasonal effect in Europe in terms of how the profitability of parts and service. So that basically explains most of it and the balance is related to higher restructuring in the fourth quarter versus the third. So I wanted to tell you that because I know that, that’s probably going to be a question that you guys will be coming back and talking to George and John as a team, I just wanted to get it out there publicly so that they could talk with you about that.
Alan Mulally: I would not provide any guidance on that. But I would like to maybe share one other thing with you that maybe will help you guys as you’re thinking about the first quarter. One of the things that we’ve noted is that in general you guys are expecting higher wholesales relative to production than what we are seeing. And I just wanted to let you know that we expect to see bigger gap between production and wholesales in North America in the first quarter than what you’re presently expecting on average. And that’s because we’ve got increased export, some of that is a phenomenon of Middle East that I talked about which those units now no longer will be in wholesales for North America at least the ones that they send over and that will be joined us in Middle East and Africa. And we also have normal inventory so far in the year end shutdown. So just wanted to make your guys aware of that as we’re kind of looking at your analysis, which we do.
