John Lawler: Yes. So John, it is different, right? Ever since we've had COVID and coming out of COVID, the patterns just haven't held. When you look at the second half versus the first half, I think that would be the best way to help kind of frame this up. We do see continued volume, mix and pricing being strong on a half-over-half basis. And of course, we do expect to see commodities improve a bit as well in the second half on a half-over-half basis. And so volume, pricing and mix, let's say, in the $3 billion range. Commodities could be as much as $0.5 billion. But the inflation that we're seeing, that's going to continue to run through. And we're seeing that across the board from material costs, freight, fuel costs, et cetera. So we see that continuing, and that's up, as I said in my remarks, versus what we had talked about at the end of the last quarter.  And then, of course, FMCC is going to be down slightly half over half, let's say, eight-tenths to $1 billion as they approach $3 billion for the year.  We're also seeing headwinds in the second half, John, from currency, the dollar strengthening. And we have more revenue exposure overseas than we do costs. So we're going to see some of that happen as well. And then we're going to continue to invest in our growth, and that'll be an area of engineering. We'll also see increasing investments in connectivity and spending.  And then, I guess, the last thing I would talk about just to make the half over half complete. We did have some onetime items come to us in the second quarter, roughly an insurance claim and a contract we renegotiated, which roughly would be maybe three-tenths, four-tenths headwinds. So that's basically how we frame up the half over half. And basically, what we're saying is that there'll be some headwinds and some tailwinds, but we're confident in our guidance of 11.5 to 12.5.
John Lawler: Yes. Thanks, Rod. So we have seen strength in volume -- pricing due to the volume that we can produce as an industry and us at Ford relative to the demand that we're seeing out there. So that has been a tailwind. In the quarter, we did see quite a bit of a tailwind from mix as well.  Affordability is something that we keep in front of us all the time with the credit company, and we're very thoughtful about where it's headed from the standpoint to the consumer, what's affordable, et cetera. But we have not seen demand come off at this point. But we have -- as we increase volumes through the second half of the year as some of the chip constraints ease and we see a better rate and flow, we do have provisioned in our second half incentives increasing as volumes come back. And we've always said that the relationship between volume and pricing is going to remain dynamic.  And so I think what you'll see is as volume comes back, you will see some pricing get back. You will see prices come down some. Question for all of us is how are we going to manage stocks? How are we going to move to the build-to-order process? How are we going to change the dynamics and not have as much of a push system and have more of a natural demand system and fulfilling that demand on a timely basis? So I think that's the question for all of us, and we need to maintain discipline as we head into an environment where we could potentially see demand come off and/or we start to have higher supply, and therefore, prices will come well.  But remember, following up on what Adam just said in the dealer margins, we still have -- across the industry, dealer margins need to come down first from a pricing standpoint, right? We did -- as we've talked about in the past, we took an action, which reduced floor plan for the dealers, which was a form of pricing for us. But overall, it's still inflated. And I'd estimate somewhere between $1,300 to $1,700 of dealer margin compression is to come off first from a pricing standpoint.
John Lawler: No, there wasn't anything unusual, Rod. I'll start with that. It's across the board. It's in the areas you would expect, material cost going up. We're seeing increases in freight. It's just across the board, and it's driven by the inflationary pressures we're seeing across the board in the economy. Nothing unusual.
John Lawler: No. In segmentation reporting, you'll see exactly where we're at between the 5 businesses. And Emmanuel, we know how important that is. So when we have our Capital Markets Day early next year, we'll unpack that in more detail, as Jim said, where we can spend some time on it and go through it and give it to do justice.
John Lawler: Yes. So Emmanuel, we spent a lot of time on this, as you would expect us to be doing, modeling scenarios, looking at what that means for the business, looking at what we should be doing today to get out in front of any these types of issues if a recession were to come. But the way we're thinking about it is if you step back and look at where we're at today relative to where we've been as a company, heading into any -- what could be a potential downturn, right, we're in much better shape. You mentioned it from a demand standpoint. We have 3 years of pent-up demand, and we have a very strong product lineup. And so that's a positive.  We're also at a point right now where incentives are low, right? They're in the single digits versus what normally, at this point in the cycle, we'd probably be in high teens. And so of course, as volume or demand comes off, there will be some pricing that will need to be given back. And that's a bit of a release valve, if you will. But it's really important for us to be thoughtful about that, not only Ford, but as an industry.  And then the other thing I would say, and I mentioned it in my remarks, our business is very different than what it was in the past. Our ICE product, clearly, it's more -- our lineup is more profitable as we've exited unprofitable vehicles. But we've de-risked the overall business. We restructured our markets overseas. And I think a great proof point for that is the fact that between '18 and '21, we burned through $9 billion of free cash flow overseas. We're not in that position now. And we do expect this year, we're projecting that our overseas markets will be free cash flow positive. So we're just in a completely different position. We're modeling it. We're looking at it. We're getting out in front of things, as Jim said, that we can today. But it's a new day every day. But that's how we're thinking about it. We're clear-eyed. We understand what we're facing. We understand what could potentially be in front of us, and now we need to work it.
John Lawler: Yes. So Colin, let me clarify. It's really hard to hear you. It's quite static-y. But Ford Credit will be about $3 billion in total profits for the year. So that'll be down half over half. So that's a headwind. And the inflationary costs on a half over half are a headwind. And so when you walk through it, yes, there will be some volume. We said that volumes in the second half will be up roughly in the low 20 percentage range versus the first half. And so you've got some mix improvement as well. So volume and pricing and mix are the tailwinds. A little bit of a tailwind on commodities, but the headwinds are FMCC profits. They'll be down. We've got the inflationary pressures we talked about, will be an increase in the second half. We also have exchange that's hitting us in the second half relative to the first half. So that's a headwind as well. And then we had some onetimers in the second quarter that aren't going to repeat.  And of course, we're going to continue to invest in the business. So there's going to be spending-related costs. There's going to be connectivity costs that will be increasing as well as we invest. So those are the puts and takes. Those are the tailwinds and the headwinds as you look at it from a half-over-half basis. And I hope that helps clarify things.
John Lawler: So we had -- it's $1 billion higher than what we had talked about previously, Joe. So we're looking at about $3 billion for the year, and that's part of what we're doing. We're working to offset those inflationary costs, and that's something that we need to continue to work through. We're not all the way there, of course, but we're working on it, and we do have the rest of the year to go, and it is a significant focus of our team, as we've talked about. But the cost efforts are a significant focus of the team as we remake the company in Ford+. So that's a really important part of what we're doing. And so it's $3 billion for the year. We had said $2 billion. We've seen about another $1 billion come through, and it's across the board.
John Lawler: Yes. I think we do see it coming off some. Part of what complicates the commodity situation is as we go through in a year, we lock into contracts, and they roll. That protects us on the [indiscernible] when prices are increasing some, but it also has a lag effect when prices are coming down some. And so we'll have to deal with that as we run through the year as well.  And so I think, really, it's going to depend on what happens with the overall macroeconomic environment. If we do see us tripping into more of a recessionary period, we should see those fall quicker like we have in the past. If not, I think that they'll come down more moderately. So we're planning and looking at both of those scenarios from a spot standpoint. It is good news as we roll through next year, but you can't just take that spot good news and roll it through everything because we do have contracts that were locked into on a rolling basis through the year.
John Lawler: Yes. So 53,000 entering the quarter. The team did a good job on the drawdown. We're down to 18,000 at the end of the quarter, and we'll work to get those out over the second half of the year as we can free up the chips that impacted us.  I think when you look at the volumes, in the second quarter, we saw an increase in volumes in North America, which helped drive the strong performance for North America. When you look at the second half, as we said, volumes would be up in the low 20% range compared with the first half. But that volume growth -- there's greater volume growth in the overseas markets in the second half than in North America. We have the Ranger launching in IMG. We have volume in the second half growing at a quicker rate in Europe. And then, of course, China was significantly depressed from a volume standpoint in the second quarter due to the shutdown. And so that's what will be happening from a standpoint.  But when you look at the volumes for Q3, they'll be lower than they will be in Q4 because in Q4, we should see the rate fall, the chips improve as we go through the third quarter into the fourth quarter. So that's how the volume is framing up in the second half relative to the first half, and then the walk from Q2 into Q3. So volume and mix in Q3 -- Q3 is going to be less than Q2, right? It's not going to be as strong as Q2. We have a couple of things hitting us in Q3. Volume and mix, most of the volume growth in Q3 relative to Q2 is going to be in Europe and China. And then we still have commodity costs hitting us, and we're investing in connectivity. And our spending will -- in the third quarter, Ford Credit, of course, as the second half is lower than the first half. You see that come through in the third quarter. And then we have the nonrepeat of the onetimers I talked about in the second quarter. So third quarter will be down compared to the second quarter. Volume increases will be overseas. And then as we get to the fourth quarter, volume in the fourth quarter on a sequential basis will be better than the third quarter.
James Farley: Thank you, John. We've always been really good on the truck side for those derivatives, but now our chances to expand that capability across all of our lineup. Ranger is a good example. We're launching it in Thailand. We just launched Raptor, Tremor. There's a lot we can do. Of course, Mustang is coming out. Maverick is our most affordable vehicle. You can only imagine the kind of things that we're cooking up in our design studio with Maverick. And then, of course, on what we really do well, Broncos, you can imagine high-end versions, all sorts of things. Everglade came out, very popular.  And we do agree our E side -- we don't have to change the body to refresh Mach-E, for example. We are actually completely redoing in a good way our HMI and OTA-ing that to all of our EVs. But you can imagine with Mustang Mach-E all the cool things we could do. So -- and it is a sustainable advantage, and we're good at it.  The tension point for us, though, is complexity. Ford is way too complex. So as we do this, we have to bring our complexity down to get our bill of materials kind of in line with competition. It's great that we have all this pricing power forward. We do have a fresh lineup. We have lots of cool ideas. But we're not satisfied with that because we cannot just continue to build this complexity in our business. So as we add those derivatives, we're going to have to -- we are planning much less complexity in our Blue business. And that is a theme that will run through Blue for years to come.
James Farley: I think the way we look at -- yes. Good question. The way we look at this, John, is the days are kind of over where you have to change the upper body to build a supercar or to build an off-road car like kind of days are over, like, we don't have to do that anymore with these digital products, with EV propulsion, with the motors, the software. We can - we can really take our vehicles and make very different kind of vehicles off of the same body engineering. And that is a complete game changer for us in terms of capital intensity, i.e., lower.  And I'm really glad you brought that up because I try to emphasize this. Like we have to be really careful in our industry, and I'm constantly -- we are constantly talking about this as a leadership team. We cannot have the complexity of top hats that we do on our ICE business.  We have an opportunity as we go digital with these EVs to simplify our body engineering and put the engineer where customers really care. And it's not a different [fender] (ph). It's software. It's a digital display technology. It's a self-driving system and the AV tech. And of course, it's going to be, some cases, more powerful motors.
James Farley: As I said in my comments, Adam, we absolutely have too many people in certain places, no doubt about it. And we have skills that don't work anymore. We -- and we have jobs that need to change. And we have lots of new work statements that we've never had before.  We are literally virtually -- we are reshaping our company, like every part of our company. And on our ICE business, we want to simplify it. We want to make sure the skills we have and the work statements we have are as lean as possible. We know our costs are not competitive at Ford. We are -- that's what I mean by we are not satisfied. But I just want to emphasize that in the past, at least in my career for 40 years, we kind of often and discriminately just taking the costs out. That's not what's happening at Ford now. This is a different kind of change where we're reshaping the company, reshaping skills, investing in new technologies and simplifying investments in others, i.e., spending less.  So do we have too many -- is kind of the old adage. Yes, I think every company probably has too many people. I just -- we have to go do the workflows and decide how this works now going forward.
James Farley: And on the supply chain, I'd to characterize it, I mean, chips are still an issue. Transparency is still an issue in the second quarter specifically. You know we had quite an issue in China with the Shanghai shutdown. And that affects -- that could have affected our North America manufacturing system. The team did a great job. We had a daily call. We worked every issue. We built a digital model of all our supply chain down to supply chain in, and it was really helpful. And we got through it. Like Rosana Rosana Dana said, if it's not one thing, it's another.  It just feels like what's next. As far as we're planning everything we know could happen. The next possibility of the energy crisis in Europe, we played this out already. We've done our homework. We have about 550 active suppliers in what I would call the high-risk countries like Czech, Germany, Hungary, Austria and Slovakia. We think that the risk is between now and mid-'23 when they can manage through the energy issues. We have about 130 suppliers for our North America vehicle production in that 550 list, and we now have a 30-day buffer stock. So we are doing everything we can with the things we know. On the supply chain outside of -- we have labor shortages and all sorts of moving. The suppliers have been working nonstop during COVID, so machine maintenance and a lot of other things. We see the output of the stress in the supply chain. And obviously, their costs have gone up, too. And we're working through all of that with our suppliers. So I think we're well prepared for the things we can predict, but it's always a new day.
James Farley: No. No. We don't plan on pulling back. If anything, the first generation of products has aspired us to go faster. I think I would just emphasize that how we look at this change in our industry, it's not a change in propulsion. It's much bigger than that. It's a change to a vehicle whose differentiation will increasingly be software that you ship to the vehicle. We now have real experience on the first shippable software to these cars. The first is ADAS for sure. And the second one for us is Ford Pro. We're shipping telematics to the customer, driver coaching, energy management. Our attach rate for charging now on our E-Transits, we're 95% share. It's like 30-plus percent. So there are a lot of services connected to these vehicles because of the software. And that's a really big revenue opportunity for us.  When you talk about the base walk to 8%, we're not going to -- as John said, we're not going to go through that here, but I will tell you that LFP has a dramatically different exposure to raw materials than an NCM sell. Like there's no nickel in it.  So the chemistry strategy for the company and diversifying that is a very key part of our profitability walk. But I think the most important thing to think about is not that we're investing or not in electric cars. We're investing in digital products, and we can keep them longer because we don't have to upgrade the upper bodies because they're software-enabled vehicles. There's so much we can do to change the profit profile of these vehicles. The biggest thing we have to solve for in all of that is the battery cost, and we can't wait to take you through all of that.
