Lewis Booth: Joe, about 70% of the things is domicile in the U.S. In terms of balances on the revolver, we have paid roughly half the revolver that we withdrew last February if we include the amend and extend in December where we paid off over $2 billion and $3 billion that we just paid off. We are committed to gradually pay it down and we haven't set a timetable for that.
Lewis Booth: Well, we have cleared the worst of the – the worst of the seasonality is behind us, so in the first quarter as we brought production back up in the industry and the plants came back up. Towards the end of the year we expect some change in payables because we've quite a lot of downtime as we change over around the world, particularly in North America and Europe for the new focus. So, we are still frankly assessing the impact of that. And then we also have the sort of boost we had in the last quarter from -- in that fourth quarter of last year from running down the inventory in the plants as we go towards the Christmas shutdown.
Lewis Booth: Yes. We've got a couple of things that will hit us towards as you go through the rest of the year. We have a lot of product launches planned towards in the balance of the year, so you will see things like launch costs go up and some fixed marketing go up. Also we are concerned about raw materials, we are seeing the pressure on commodities beginning to rise, so we expect to see some commodity pressure in the second half. Those I think are the principal -- we may see a bit of mix. We will see a bit of mix as we bring in Fiesta in this quarter, and we bring – we start getting towards Focus at the right end of the year, we can expect to see some mix deterioration I think. We're sort of -- we are not really thinking of the $2 billion as a good going rate because typically we always have a strong first quarter to the –John Murphy – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Then if we look at Ford Motor Credit, the equity at the end of the quarter was $11 billion. I know you guys have talked about that balance sheet, the Ford Motor Credit balance sheet shrinking over time. I mean is that balance sheet mean, does that shrinkage mean in the equity and the potential profits and returns there because the returns or the profit I should say, is really outpacing what we're expecting? I'm just trying to understand if that equity stays relatively high, and that might support Ford Motor Credit profits going forward.
Lewis Booth: I don't know, John. I think I will just take a save on that, and I have to think about it. We do expect over time to perhaps free up some capital to return to the auto company. We think the credit company managed leverage has got lower than we would like particularly as we see our access to the credit markets improving quite significantly as you saw for example last week we think we will be able to consider reducing the amount of liquidity we have been holding at the credit company.John Murphy – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Lewis Booth: I am sorry, I didn't answer your question on day supply, we are going to keep dealer day supply well under control and about flat as we go out of the first quarter.
Lewis Booth: 2010, frankly our view of sort of somewhat higher that we have talked about at the end of the last year is about where we are. We didn't incur quite what we were expecting in the first quarter but we think we are just around the corner. Couple of things going on, one is as you pointed out is the increased production and then the other is we are continuing to invest heavily in new product. We are looking at further growth opportunities. And I think, thinking about 2011, while we are not giving guidance, we're obviously very intent on making sure that we keep our product line up fully competitive because we are demonstrating the success of having a competitive product line up and we are talking about growth around the world as you saw in Alan’s section where we really are looking to make sure we are participating around the world. Now we’ve sort of fixed the base of the business.
Lewis Booth: No material, as best I can define it. Just a couple more comments about the cash flow. First of all, although we are obviously disappointed it was a tenth negative. It's actually a little investment we projected a couple of months ago. We are pleased with the work the team did, and because it was a better than we projected, we now feel very, very confident about our ability to achieve full-year positive operating-related cash flow.
Lewis Booth: We haven't begun to hire any of the lower tier employees yet. I am just looking to one of my colleagues to see if we’ve got a number but I don't think we have. We haven't got, there is not a lots of people as far as I remember but they don't have a number in front of me I am afraid.
Lewis Booth: Actually, the revenue walk is a bit peculiar because of some special factors from really pertaining to last year. The first was – and they more then explained the sort of reduction that you see, because we did get positive net pricing. The two special factors were – the thing you know in some, in most of our daily rental units, we book the wholesales when we ship the vehicles, but we bought most of the revenue when we sell the used vehicle. And last year, when we were right in the middle of the economic turmoil, our shipment – so our wholesales to daily rental companies was very low, but we were still pretty a more normalized number of units through the auctions, and therefore we had quite a lot of revenue without the equivalent amount of wholesales. For example, this year, in the first quarter is just about flat. We are sort of putting through about the same number of vehicles through the auctions as we are wholesale to rental companies. So that's the biggest distortion factor, and it's last year's phenomena not this year phenomena. And the other issue is that because our wholesales was so low last year, our parts revenue made a significant contribution to the total revenue. Our parts revenue has grown year-to-year, but nothing like the amounts our vehicle wholesale revenue has grown, so again that gives you a distorting effect in mix, and I'll say those two items more than explain the apparent reduction per unit and in fact we did get positive price. I don't think there was much mix effect in there, slightly, but one person saying slightly positive, one saying slightly negative. So it's about a wash.
Lewis Booth: I think that might be a step too far. So let me have a look at that Colin, I don't know for certain.
Lewis Booth: It's really – the things that are going to affect the balance of the year that I described I think to Joe or John. Higher fixed marketing, higher launch cost, commodity costs are beginning to hit us a little bit, some incremental engineering (inaudible) launch, such things. So, it is really second or first. Final three quarters compared to the first and again let just remind what Alan said because we now feel this is a more encouraging start than we'd anticipated. So, we feel very good about giving guidance that we will be solidly profitable this year which is, as you know is an adjective we previously used for next year. So, we have pulled ahead the adjective.
Lewis Booth: And that was the ‘09 profit that we have now taken out. So, I am not telling you what was in the first, what would have been in the first quarter. I am telling you what was in ‘09 and that's a full year number.
Lewis Booth: There's the subvention payment that we show in the cash of – I can't remember whether it was 250 or 300 -- $300 million, but the year-over-year, we have that in last year as well.
Lewis Booth: The share count at the end of the quarter was $3.4 billion. I think that was the average outstanding.
Lewis Booth: If you guys have Appendix 1, Chris I think all the detail is in there. And if it’s not quite adequate, just give a call.
Lewis Booth: Clean of the warranty reserve adjustment we made last first quarter, we are seeing positive warranty performances as the quality of our vehicles improves. I don't think that's just a North American phenomena. I think that's a more global phenomenon. So in terms of reconciling to the 600 and the 400, I've to just check that out. But I don't -- I think we are essentially clean, we are seeing good news in the warranty over the period. And yes, we are still expecting to see positive net pricing in North America particularly as we launch our new products where – that's where we really saw the benefit of world class products.
Lewis Booth: Well, we are obviously we are very comfortable with the first quarter. We suggest that people recognize there will be some other events during the year that make that probably not a good guide for a running rate. I have enunciated those pretty clearly.
Lewis Booth: We are keeping a very close eye on the incentive spending levels in Europe. They are up sequentially reflecting couple of things; one, the national demand has gone down, in some cases competitors are sort of trying to match the old scrappage incentives with their own incentives. So, we're keeping a close eye on that, and you're right. We had a bonanza year last year with a brand new Fiesta and a brand new K. So the car is staying very fresh. The Fiesta in particular, I think it was very close to being the top selling car, if not the top selling car in March. We’re having a bit of dispute with one of our competitors. But it was right up there. And then we have – I think the thing that’s going to work in our favor during this year is we have a really great freshening on S-MAX and Galaxy just in the marketplace. Then we’ve got, in the middle of the year, the Grand C-MAX, which is a new segment entry to us and one we’re desperate to get hold off to go against some of our competitors. And then by the end of the third quarter, we’ll have the new five-seater C-MAX, which I think you’ve seen is a knockout product. We got a lot of Powertrain activities going on with substantial upgrades to diesels and we are launching eco-boost in Europe as well. We have got lots of activity, lots of product activity and the strength of the European story is just the same as the strength of the North American story, great product to helps you offset some of these pressures.
Lewis Booth: No, I am sorry; we are going to have to disappoint you; you will have to find other enjoyments. Sorry Brian, I think there are lots and lots in the pitch to enjoy.
Lewis Booth: And I just -- we have had a lot of these discussions about the calendarization of our year but again I just want to emphasize that we did feel good enough to say we didn't expect to be solidly profitable this year and given where we were, given three or four months ago -- essentially we are really encouraged by the start we had.
Lewis Booth: It's actually quite difficult to assess. We were forecasting a year of between 13.5 and 14.5 when we started the year in January, and the first quarter came in at 16. That was held up by two things. One was the completion of some orders that have been placed and that got scrappage vouchers for example, in Germany but haven't been delivered. Secondly, this increased level of incentive spend, but within that 16, Germany, for example, which is the biggest market in Europe was down about 20%, so we can see the impact of the scrappage comes off. The German program was the strongest of the scrappage programs. So, the reason we've sort of increased the expectations for European industry is to between 14 million units and 15 million units now is because of the strong first quarter, but we are still expecting to see a pretty significant volume drop. And if we don't see that volume drop, then we think it will be at the expense of increased incentives. So that’s what we are trying to understand, what's going on with our competitors and how we would react appropriately.Bryce Hoffman – The Detroit News: Thank you.
Lewis Booth: It's going to come down a little bit, that’s why I was saying they recommend you take $800 million and multiply by it by four, we're giving guidance. We think it’s going to be about $2 billion about equal to last year.Jeff Bennett – The Wall Street Journal: Okay. Thanks.
Lewis Booth: Just want everybody on the phone, we just like to clarify one thing that we have had one or two people slightly confused about, and that's on slide three and it’s the revenue where we show $28.1 billion. And I know one or two people thought that was somewhat of a disappointment and the reason it looks relatively modestly increased compared to a year ago is because that number excludes Volvo whereas the prior year included Volvo. And that number is also being adjusted for the variable interest entities, i.e. the deconsolidation of the joint ventures. To put it in perspective for the first quarter, if we included Volvo, the Volvo revenues is about $3.5 billion. And if we hadn't made the deconsolidation, the VIE revenue is about $0.5 billion. So, that number so being 28.1 would have been about $32.1 million which I think we are closer in line to some people's expectations. And I just wanted to clarify that because we have seen a few comments that implied you haven't rated out quite as clearly as we should have done. I am sorry to interpret whoever who was about to ask a question.
Lewis Booth: No. I mean we pay it annually. We calculate annually and pay it annually.Robert Schoenberger – The Plain Dealer: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Alan Mulally: The full year SAAR was still a projected between the 11.5 and 12.5, I think we will probably fit in better than that than we were as we finished the end of March and we have not had a bad start to April in terms of the SAAR. We are expecting net pricing to improve during the year so we are going to be watching very carefully our incentive levels of spending and our share in the first quarter is up but we are still only saying our plan is to sort of equal or improve over the -- for the year because we really are focused on profitability and market share over one of the outcomes rather than the measure [ph] we have tried driving the business as you know by market share in the past and it's not the best way to success.
Alan Mulally: Yes. If you take without being too explicit, if you take the three buckets, we will continue to add some product cost for a couple of reasons. Some of it is regulatory, but really a lot of -- our increased product costs are to get the cars, the vehicles that customers want and value. So we have said we are not – we are going to launch vehicles that are best-in-class, and best in class does in some case require some additional product cost to ensure they are fully competitive and we have seen the benefit of that in terms of the incremental revenue we achieved from that. We also see some increasing cost because we are equipping our vehicles better and I think that will continue particularly in North America as we are moving from one generation of product to the next generation of world class competitive products and particularly on the car side of the business. We do expect to see some bad news on commodities and our expectations is that's probably not just a this year phenomenon and then we continue to work very productively with our suppliers to make material cost savings and that will continue. And we are – I think as we sort of globalize Ford, we are seeing real benefits with our suppliers of the global supply base and getting the economies of scale that we are sort of leveraging with reduced numbers of platforms. So, we will – and I think in terms of this year, you can think of product costs and material cost savings as, we will be doing our best to try and wash those out with commodity cost as the area that will continue to grow. They are, actually.
Alan Mulally: No, and I am not going to give you the magnitude because they vary, what the payments are and why we help particular suppliers varies tremendously by the individual supplier. We are going to continue to I think as the supply base also returns to better outlook, I think we can hope to see distressed supplier costs being well containable. I think we should over expect some supplier rationalization still ahead of us because -- not the number of suppliers that went out of business in the down period. I wouldn’t may want as many as we expect to see, so there were still some supplies that are struggling a little bit.
Alan Mulally: I think it was about half the total, so it's about somewhere between $200 million and $250 million. 
Alan Mulally: That's the Ford Otosan JV primarily, yes; we have a couple of other JVs but the big one is Ford Otosan.
Alan Mulally: We are watching it closely. We saw continued modest improvements in the first couple of weeks of April that started to plateau off and we would expect to see a sort of a seasonal declines as we go towards the end of the year.
Alan Mulally: You are right; we did make the change couple of years ago. So the year-over-year comparison is clean of any affect.
Alan Mulally: Sure Tom, I think that we have gained quite a bit by the fact that not only are we clearly making some of the best cars and trucks in the world but also that we have continued to create a very strong business for the long-term because people wanted to be associated with a going concern, and somebody that cares about them, is going to be there for them. And clearly the fact that we have done this and we respected the shareholders, we respected the bondholders, we respected everybody that had invested in Ford and now we have created a very strong business. I think that resonates very well with our consumers.
Alan Mulally: I think it's absolutely a manifestation of the strength of our products. The breadth of them and the quality of our products because we are seeing so many new customers coming to Ford based on the strength of the products and the fact they we’re running a strong business, but I think that's absolutely the reason that you're seeing these results. And as we've talked about in the past these results now are a result of the three or four fundamental decisions that we made a few years ago. One was you're going to focus on the Ford brand as you all know, and second that we are going to have a complete family of vehicles, small, medium and large cars utilities and trucks. Then the third big decision of course was that every new vehicle that we introduce would be the very best in the world in terms of quality, fuel efficiency and safety and smart design. And when you look at them and then of course leverage our global assets worldwide, so we bought all of that intelligence and scale to the consumer and you look at the sales numbers and in the first quarter, they are up 37% in the U.S. The market share itself is up 2.7 percentage points to 16.6, and that is absolutely on the strength of this product line. If you look at all of the products, the small, the medium and large, they are all growing at double digit rate. So, I think it's' a real testament to the strength of the products because at the end of the day, that's what people really do want in addition to buying from a strong company.
Alan Mulally: Sure. Our guidance is on the U.S. that we'd be equal to or improve. I think we are clearly on track to meet that objective. And in Europe we had equal the market share of the last year and for the reasons that you said that with the scrappage program coming to an end, but based on the strength of our products even with the over capacity we have there we believe that we are going to be able to hold that market share. And clearly as you've seen, even in the place now we're the number one brand in Europe. So, the product, we've so many new products coming, we are going to have to freshest product line in the showroom of any manufacturer over the next two years. So, I anticipate that we are going to be able to deliver on that guidance on share.Brent Snavely – Detroit Free Press: Okay. Thank you.
Alan Mulally: We didn't say anything about overcapacity in the U.S. today and we have been working, clearly been working matching our production, our capability to real demand. And as we mentioned, we feel we have a good match right now and we anticipate growing the business going forward as we pointed out in the guidance for this year and also for the next year.Jere Downs – The Louisville Courier–Journal:
