Alan R. Mulally: Thank you very much, Lewis. Slide 29 provides an overview of the business environment. Overall, we expect global growth to continue at a moderate pace for the remainder of the year. The situation in Europe presents the most significant challenge, as a deepening sovereign debt crisis and fiscal austerity measures slow growth in the region. Economic conditions in peripheral Europe are very weak and downside risk to growth across the rest of Europe are rising.  In the U.S., a modest recovery is expected to continue. Emerging markets should drive -- deliver sustainable but still robust rates of growth. We are seeing some benefit from lower oil and commodity prices and a diminishing impact of the Japan events. We continue to monitor the economic environment, and as always, we'll match our production to the consumer demand. We are well positioned to respond decisively to changes in the external environment and, if required, to take the actions necessary to remain solidly profitable as we execute our ONE Ford plan.  Slide 20 summarize the first 9 months results and our planning assumptions and key operational metrics for full year 2011. Our latest outlook on industry volumes is 13 million units for the U.S. and 15.2 million units for Europe. On our operational metrics, as discussed previously, quality remains mixed due to near-term issues in North America, which we are addressing. We're on track to achieve quality improvements in the international operations. We expect U.S. and Europe market shares to equal or improve from last year's results.  We expect total company pretax operating profit to improve compared with $8.3 billion earned in 2010. Based on our latest assessment, we expect the increase in structural cost compared with 2010 to be about $1.6 billion. As a result of the recent hedging adjustments, we expect the increase in commodity cost to be about $2.2 billion compared with 2010. We now expect our operating margin to be about 5.7%, lower than the 6.1% that we achieved in 2010. This is due primarily to the impact of our commodity hedging adjustments.  We expect automotive operating-related cash flow to improve from 2010's $4.4 billion. Capital expenditures were $3.1 billion in the first 9 months. We now expect full year spending to be about $4.6 billion as we continue to realize efficiencies from our global product development processes. Our product plans remain on track. Our first 9 months performance was solid, and we expect to continue to deliver solid results in the fourth quarter with each of our operations profitable for the full year.  Turning to Slide 31. In summary, we had a solid third quarter, and we're on track to achieve 2010's total, the company's pretax operating profits and op earning -- automotive-related operating cash flow. The third quarter marked our ninth consecutive quarterly pretax profit, and we are continuing to invest for future growth and a stronger product line-up around the world. The core of our operations remains strong, and we are just beginning to realize benefits of our ONE Ford plan. Looking ahead, we remain on track with a mid-decade outlook that we laid out in June, including growth in volumes and margins.  Slide 32 summarizes our plan: we remain focused on delivering our ONE Ford plan, which is unchanged; aggressively restructure to operate profitably at the current demand and changing model mix; accelerate development of new products our customers want and value; finance our plan and improve our balance sheet; and work together effectively as one team, leveraging our global assets.  We continue to progress our plan to deliver profitable growth for all. Under our ONE Ford plan, we will continue to invest and profitably growing our business around the world, while maintaining an unrelenting focus on improving the competitiveness of all of our operations. 2011 is an important step in this journey, and I'm pleased to report that we remain well on track, thanks to solid performance in the first 9 months of this year.  Now we will be pleased to take your questions.
Alan R. Mulally: Honestly, yes, the latter, because clearly our ONE Ford plan is allowing us to develop more of the vehicles that people want using fewer basic platforms. So it really is continuing to increase our efficiency. But all of our product plans are in place.
Alan R. Mulally: And Colin, as we noted also, the wholesales will be -- the production will be up in the fourth quarter, too, because this is their lowest month due to seasonal effects and lease of the new products, so that'll help us also.
Alan R. Mulally: And, Rod, as you know, it has been and will continue to be a very high priority for us to have that be part of the plan. So clearly, that's what's guiding us.
Alan R. Mulally: Oh, sure. Clearly, it reflects that -- the situation that we identified nearly a year ago. So there's no new news there. It's just a cycle in which consumer reports releases their assessment. But I remember that our quality operating system identified some really good improvements from the consumer point of view on SYNC and My Ford and the way it operated, and also the way that -- suggestion for improvement on the way our new 6-speed fuel efficient transmissions were working. And so we take all of that input really seriously, and we have identified -- most of this is associated with software as you know. We've identified the fixes. We're incorporating that into the existing products and the new products going forward. So I think we'll be clearly moving back up in delivering on our brand promise on quality going forward.
Alan R. Mulally: We -- Bernie, this is Alan. We are going to give you a complete update at the end of the year on the -- on anticipated growth rates worldwide. But clearly, this is I think a very positive development because as they -- energy inflation and economic growth of the rates of growth, clearly, a lot more sustainable going forward. And the neat thing is that we have a product to support, that customer demand that goes with that, so I think this is a good development.
Lewis W. K. Booth: No, John. Actually, that's not how we described it. We said that by the mid-decade, we will be comfortable with about $10 billion of debt on our balance sheet. We previously said that we'd like to get to investment grade before we pay the dividend. The last -- as our businesses improve, as our credit ratings have improved, we now believe that it's not a -- it's not something we have to get to before we start paying a dividend. So we may decide to start a dividend before the rating agencies get us to investment grade. We don't have anything to announce today. But we're on record as saying we'd like to paying a dividend sooner rather than later and -- which has continued to improve our balance sheet until then.
Lewis W. K. Booth: No. Our mid-decade outlook -- outline was 8% and 10% -- between 8% and 10%. So I think -- as you've heard us say, I think North America is really motoring along at the moment. It's a real engine of the business and allowing us to continue to invest in the growth around the world. So -- but I think 8% to 10% is a more realistic expectation.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Let me answer the simplest one first. In terms of the fourth quarter, we're not being particularly cautious because of commodity hedging or anything like that. Obviously, we have some reservations about the economic climate in Europe, and we've described the issues that we're seeing in Thailand. In terms of -- Brian, I don't know just when FAS 133 came in. I'm sure I got someone here -- oh, 2001. So -- I knew we'd have someone in the room that knew. Let me try and separate out -- we do hedging on both currencies and commodities. And on currencies, we can designate and because we're actually transacting in currencies. On commodities, we actually don't buy commodities direct. We buy them as they come in with our component supplies from our suppliers, so we can't designate our commodity hedging. So when you have a sudden price drop as we did in the last 2 weeks of September, and by sudden, I think copper went down 24% or 25%, aluminum went down 12% to 14%, so a very sudden drop. You have to mark-to-market those hedges for the unrealized loss on those hedges, and -- it's noncash. And as you go forward -- first of all, it depends on what happens to the commodity prices. If commodity prices was to stay the same level as of the end of the third quarter, we've written off the profit effect of the hedges, and we'll see the benefits of the lower commodity costs coming in through suppliers over the next 4 to 18 months, depending on the -- well, over the next 12 to 18 months. I hope that's clear. And please don't ask me about the details of FAS 133.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Yes, a little bit. But I mean, there's been a bit up and down, I think. If I had done it last week, that have been up a bit. And this week, they've come down a little bit, but they’re still above the end of September. But we're not going to get into sort of trying to update them every week.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Colin, we're not going to give out sort of precise hard metrics because that hasn't served us well in the past. I think we just want to see a little bit of continued improvements in our business, and we, I think, now are pretty clear that we'd like to do it sooner rather than around later.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Yes, we're going to see -- I think we'll see some in North America, just because it's such a big part of our business, but we'll also see it some in Asia-Pacific and Africa. I think more than 9 in the other 2 regions.
Lewis W. K. Booth: We're comfortable that it's going to be profitable for the full year. I think you can understand us being a little cautious on Europe, because the economic outlook is a little cloudy at the moment. It's interesting that despite all the pressures on the consumer, we're not actually seeing the total industry demand dropping. What we are seeing is pressure on margins as people try to support their volume projections, and we're seeing both increased incentive activity. We're also seeing a bit of a shift from retail to fleet, which is also lower margin. So the pressure is on margins in Europe rather than absolute volume.
Lewis W. K. Booth: If commodities go up from the price levels at the end of the third quarter, we'll have a mark-to-market upward revision, yes.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Well, precious metals, lead. I think you need -- we need to separate out the accounting treatment and of -- and the real benefit of having lower commodity prices. While they -- those lower commodity prices exist, that's a benefit to all of us.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Well, I don't have that in front of me. And actually, I'm not sure it's something we share even if I did have it.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Directionally, I think we're spending more per unit on the Lincoln than we are on Ford. And we obviously have great economies and efficiencies at scale with Ford, and Lincoln, we're in the process of rebuilding the business.
Lewis W. K. Booth: That's just a constant, relentless push on keeping our customers as tight as we can. It's a team effort.
Lewis W. K. Booth: No, there's nothing sinister. And it's just, everyday, we squeeze a little bit hard on everyday people's pockets, [indiscernible].
Lewis W. K. Booth: I don't know -- just -- I haven't really looked at it like that because I thought North America, if you take -- if you wash out the hedging losses, their margins would have been up year-over-year. So I thought they had a pretty good result. There are -- there has been some adverse series mix. I think you know that we were struggling with some specific high-end components in the principal navigation units as a result of the tsunami that we're now out of. But I think during the third quarter, we were still struggling on some of our bigger vehicles in the high end. So we had constraints on the high series mix of some of the high-end products.
Lewis W. K. Booth: There's couple of things. Hold on, I'm just turning to Slide 11. There's a couple things going on in 11. It's fair market value and other. I think there was a bit of FCSD profit improvement, and there was also some compensation accrual true ups that were going on in the quarter.
Lewis W. K. Booth: I think you can expect us to, when we do start, to start relatively cautiously because we don't want to start and then be in a position that we don't want -- that we can't sustain the level we start at. So in our view is once we start, it's key to our shareholders that we can maintain a sustainable level of dividend. So I would -- I think that would indicate we may be a little bit cautious when we start.
Lewis W. K. Booth: I think I don't want to get into semantics, well, because I think our definition of token and your definition of token may vary. So -- but I mean, once you start a dividend, it'll be for our shareholders, and I don't think we're thinking of token. But I'm not quite sure what you define as token, and I don't want to get into specifics obviously.
Lewis W. K. Booth: I think the primary things that's going to drive your view of the fourth quarter are the seasonal factors that we talked about a lot last year, as our inventories run down at the end of the year. The other thing is we're in the -- we will be starting the launch of the next-generation Escape. So the things that affected the margin a year ago, those seasonal factors are going to be similar factors to this year -- similar factors in this year. I think you can also think that -- I can't predict what may happen on mark-to-market on hedging, but I think we would expect to see commodities still elevated compared to a year ago.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Yes. And I'd say if you -- I think last year would be a good indication of sort -- of the sorts of seasonal factors that we had. And I can just -- I think it was Rod's question or maybe -- sorry, it was Chris's question. I can answer the mix of the 660,000 was 1/3 of cars and 2/3 trucks, almost exactly.
Lewis W. K. Booth: I don't think I can give you a specific view of Europe. I think -- as we said, we'll -- Europe is going to continue to get the benefit of the way we're now running the business and sharing costs around the world, but we will continue to look at Europe. If the environment results in a what could be a very slow-growth period, we'll look at all elements of the business. And in South America, the -- I think you know that the import tax has been delayed for 90 days, so it's probably not going to have the effect on the fourth quarter that we previously expected. I think -- in South America, the key thing in Brazil is what's happening on the exchange rate. It's weakened substantially, which would have an impact on the fourth quarter if it stays weak. Obviously, as it weakens, the natural benefits of being a local well-established profitable manufacturer in the region will serve in our favor.
Lewis W. K. Booth: I -- no, I'm just trying to track your data. Corporately, we're expecting margin to be slightly better year-over-year, slightly. North America, I'm not -- I don't have the data in front of me, I'm just scrambling to have a look at it. I mean, it's going to be directionally similar. I think the big change versus last year that you haven't mentioned is the continued impact of higher commodity prices.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Yes. I mean, there's a lot going on. As you called out, the -- we got the $280 million UAW ratification bonus. We'll have another true up of compensation factors, I suspect. We talked about launch. I haven't done an exact comparison launch year-over-year. You are right. We had a big launch here last year, but we're in the middle of some pretty substantial actions in terms of having plants down this year as well. So let me just think about this a little bit more, and we could probably talk a bit offline.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Let me be explicit on the ratification bonus. It is treated as a normal cost, and it is accounted for in the quarter that we pay it.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Well, the most significant factor is the seasonality. As you know, Europe has relatively long shutdowns all within the third quarter. We don't have that shutdown activity in the fourth quarter. We do have a Christmas break but it's much, much shorter, so it's really all volume.
Lewis W. K. Booth: There are 2 principal elements of that. One is improvements in FCSD, our Parts and Service business profits, and the second bit is true ups on compensation accruals.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Okay. On the first one, we're seeing what we would -- what we had projected as normal seasonal declines, obviously, from a very high point, but we think they're normal seasonal declines. We're still seeing Manheim up, I think, about 4% versus a year ago. In terms of pricing, because it's sort of normal seasonal declines, we're expecting to sort of an orderly pricing environment in fourth quarter and the -- what we see from our competitors would indicate that's likely to hold, disciplined actions. Obviously, we've got currency at a more fairly valued level now so there's pressure on everybody to make some profit.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Greg, we were, yes, somewhat profitable. I think we're breakeven at $1 million. I think the issue we're seeing in Asia-Pacific is it's a bit up and down as -- depending on our structural costs as we grow. And we're expecting to be profitable each year and the next few years as we transition into growth, but we do expect to see some variability by quarter. So in this quarter, for example, we had a bit of some mix shifts between less sold -- less vehicles sold in Australia, which are high-margin vehicles. You've got Falcon and Territory and more vehicles sold in China and India and Thailand. So it's a bit noise, not a signal.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Jim, we wouldn't go into that amount of detail. I think the key things to recognize about what we're doing is we're keeping our production match to demand. So every month, we look at our production program and our sales forecast and make sure that we adjust production accordingly. So these number change every month. But our total industry outlook for Europe hasn't changed markedly for most of this year. We started, I think, at the -- a range of 14.5 to 15.5 and we're now at 15, somewhere in 15.1 or 15.2 we're projecting. And our market share has always been equal to or improved, so that hasn't changed much.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Alisa, I apologize if I wasn't explicit enough. But the mix I gave was for fourth quarter production. The 660,000 that we show for North America was fourth quarter.
Lewis W. K. Booth: No. First of all, let me just clarify for everybody that when I talk about trucks I mean both pickups and utilities. But no, it's demand driven, not our liking. We will produce what the customers want, and we're seeing truck segmentation improve a little bit, particularly pickup. The segmentation improved little bit.
Lewis W. K. Booth: That's true. But I think you just have to remember -- in the big shift in North America compared to 3 or 4 years ago is we now have a full range of fully competitive vehicles, cars, utilities and trucks and -- of all sizes. And -- whereas 3 or 4 years ago, we were very -- we could be held hostage by the segmentation shift. Now we have vehicles in all those segments, fully competitive. But yes, they -- it is a bit more profitable and we'll take it where we can get it.
Michael L. Seneski: Yes, Adam. It's Mike. Our credit losses continue to perform extraordinarily well. We're at historic lows and that's continued quarter-over-quarter, not just in North America but around the world.
Michael L. Seneski: This is Mike Seneski. There's really a couple things going on. The number of terminations is declining because in 2008 and 2009 the entire industry started to lease at a lower rate. And obviously, those leases are going to come back 24, 36 months later, so we're going to have a lower number of terminations. Also the other thing that is going on is we are seeing, with the stronger used residual values, some people are holding onto their cars a little bit more than what we have seen in the past.
Michael L. Seneski: Historically, it's been about 70%. So in times of higher used car values, you're going to see a lower return rate and lower used car value is a higher return rate.
