Alan Mulally: Lewis will do the first question and we have K.R. with us here also and he will address the other ones.
Alan Mulally: At the start of the year, we were incredibly tight on inventories. We've been struggling to build enough cars, because the scrappage programs were so strong on small cars. We continued in that vein through the first quarter with very tight inventories. We would normally have an inventory build in the second quarter for two reasons. One, because, we are getting really ready for the summer shutdowns and secondly, because we were so tight we are down about 55 days, which is a very comfortable level, lower than the typical Europe's run-up, so we feel our inventories are well under control.
Alan Mulally: I think, we are a bit different from some of the other people you've been talking about. We didn't get out of the credit market. We didn't desert any of our customers across the spectrum. We are still supporting those customers. We expect to continue to support those customers as they come into our showrooms.
Alan Mulally: The commercial vehicles down to the Transit size and the Transit Connect have been as you know a wonderful business for us and we see that continuing to grow in all the regions of world, Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific. We don't have any plans at the current time to go below that size Brian.
Alan Mulally: Clearly that was an un-intending consequence of the new legislation and so we're very, very confident that they'll get that straightened out quickly.
Alan Mulally: We don't share our penetration and we have been out of the leasing business, we continue to satisfy the customers, who want leasing.
Alan Mulally: With respect to your first question, we are pretty much aligned on the GDP growth the projections that people are making. The US just updated their guidance to 3 and 3.5 for 2010 and then moving to closer to 4 maybe in 2011. So, with that and the industry moving along with that and are increasing position on share that outlines the still to slow growth with respect to past recession, but clearly running positive thing that we are growing. On the pricing itself our real plan is to continue to offer the quality, the fuel efficiency and the safety and the smart design that people really do want and value. So, we anticipate that the consumers like they are now really appreciate and resonate with the new product line as we continue to refresh our vehicles to get to the freshest product line. We anticipate that the customers will continue to appreciate the Ford and pay for the features they really like.
Alan Mulally: Dee-Ann, we absolutely look forward to that point, because that clearly will show that we reflect in our growth. In the near-term, we are about where we need to be and we are continuing to work our productivity, and it really is going to depend on how fast the economy comes back and industry comes back, but we are in a good position right now, but we look forward to that day.
Alan Mulally: Well, we've been pretty clear in the specials. We say it will be, but the amount was showed in the specials which includes not just Mercury, but includes some other data restructuring. The amount we show here is somewhat less than half the total amount we expect to book in 2010 and 2011. We are not being any more explicit in this case.
Alan Mulally: It's clearly really positive development, because we are managing on uses of cash, and we are looking at the overall business environment, and it appears to us with all of our fundamental assumptions that we are going to be able to continue to improve the balance sheet and pay down the debt and that's why we are very pleased to give the guidance that we'll be in a net positive position in cash at the end of next year.
Lewis Booth: Just for clarification on the dividend, we said it would be $2 billion for the year, and this $1.5 billion still to go. With that I'm going to pass you over to CFO of our strategy asset K.R. Kent.
Lewis Booth: Yeah. It's a mixture of things. It's the cost associated with increased production, so it's volume-related cost. It's increased engineering depreciation, amortization of the new products we are developing for future growth, and finally the advertising and sales promotion associated with the launch some of those new products, so it's all the things you do expect for a company that's turning into a growth period and seeing its volumes increase.
Lewis Booth: Well, if production rises, we will continue to see some cost associated with it. We've got a very, very busy launch second half, so I am not sure that I see the launch as necessarily a running rate, but I haven't spent a huge amount of time looking at that for next year, Himanshu.
Lewis Booth: I characterize this across the board, Brian. It's in most countries, it's in most segments. Some of the most active of our competitors I'd say are more biased towards the small end of the spectrum in terms of that product range, so they've been in booking up from centers in that area. I think an important message for what we are doing in Europe is we are backing away from chasing some of our competitors down the very, very high levels of incentives for business that we don't is necessarily real, and you can see that at the end of each month. The year-over-year incentive level is up, but since we saw the volumes coming down in second quarter, we have really backed away from some of this business that people started indulging in. Our unit margin actually second over first. You can't see it in the data them data up modestly, which I think implies we're doing the right thing for business. We are pursing profitable business not market share business.
Lewis Booth: Yes, we do see some encouraging signs in Europe of commercial vehicle business, some signs of life there. In Europe, we are very, very strongest. That's not called the transit segment for nothing, and we are working with our partner in China who has a good transit business and would continue to develop the transit business with a great low cost production facility in Turkey and we still build vehicles in Britain as well.
Lewis Booth: Well, that's a multifaceted question. Let's just talk about the structural cost. If we build more of them, we expect to attract some structural cost associated with it. Right to the very beginning of a new product launch you have some specific structural costs associated with high levels of deprecation and amortization at the beginning of the cycle, the launch expense and the plants and the advertising and sales promotion. In terms of the margins, we are going through a period where we are improving the competence of our products and as part of that improving the attribution of equipment levels of our products. That's the thing that's driving the positive performance on pricing with closing the gap with our Asian competitors in the US for example because we have got much more competitive products. Along with that, thus goes some increased material costs, but typically we would be looking at the start of a cycle to have a better margin than in the last or the previous cycle.
Lewis Booth: It's a very small amount of good news. So not material in terms of the big variance explanations. We did see in the European numbers that based on the very good warranty performance that we are able to adjust the reserve in the quarter.
Lewis Booth: Well, we talked a lot about our pricing improvements being driven by improved products. We obviously have a lot of improved products coming in the second half. We don't expect to maintain the performance we saw in the first half, but we do expect to continue to see positive net pricing and included within that we do expect to incentives continue to ameliorate a little bit as our products get and more competitive.
Lewis Booth: Your question was primarily aimed at the North American market, but the thing, the steps we are taking in Europe not to chase through our marginal units is also important evidence of the way we are trying to run the business responsibly.
Lewis Booth: The $1 billion is raw material and that the usual suspect is still aluminum and copper and the likes.
Lewis Booth: As we simplify within the product line, as we simplify our product offerings, we believe we can get closer to the customer and run low inventories but it's going to take some time for us to, long time, long term we want to move from, typically we find around 60 to somewhere maybe five to ten days lower than that.
Lewis Booth: A couple of things. One, our interest has gone up because we have got the VEBA debt in our books compared to last year and the second element is our fair amount of market value adjustment for our investment in Mazda has done down. Last year June, the quarter was going up and this year during the quarter it was going down. So, the year-over-year looks somewhat exacerbated.
Lewis Booth: No, we did have a big chunk in second quarter last year. So we are not expecting it. Who knows what you will expect on exchange rates, but based on present planning assumption we don't expect a big item like this in the second half.
Lewis Booth: We are not giving guidance. I think you can see that we're going to run the business to be profitable. If we have to yield a little bit of market share to not do business if unprofitable we will do that. I mean that we will give you performance report as we go along.
Lewis Booth: A couple of things, first of all, we have credit company well funded and very diversified funding strategy for the credit company, and last night we did get a No-Action Letter from the SEC, I think will give us some solutions for the next six months to enable us to going to the public asset-backed market.
Lewis Booth: Rod, I think the only unusual thing is looking at the margins by quarter are quite dangerous because second quarter is a very full production quarter typically. So, we don't expect to say at in 11% margin, but we look at its more instructive I think to look at it on an annual basis and see the trends there rather than, there is a lot of noise, quarter-to-quarter that isn't signaled.
Lewis Booth: It's too early for us to give detail views of next year. We would expect the pricing component probably to be some more less than it has been this year and we continue to work on our cost competitiveness.
Lewis Booth: What a great question. Somewhere between 5.4 and zero. I'm not going to tell you what the intersection point is.
Lewis Booth: Just a reminder that we still have about somewhere between $300 million and $350 million of (inaudible) that we previously declared. The rest of the net debt, this year we are certainly expected to be doing whatever we do to continued great performance of the operating business.
Lewis Booth: I don't recognize the 300. That's euro. Our total incentive spending was down $200 million for the corporation.
Lewis Booth: We were down $200 million for the corporation within Europe, because of the absolute high level of incentive spending. Europe is up for the year by 300.
Lewis Booth: Well, we are investing in Lincoln what it takes to deliver the product programs. You will see that we don't split out our CapEx and our engineering by brand, but you see this year our CapEx going up year-over-year and you will see us continue to increase our CapEx as we go into this growth period, and we've got this plan for seven new or refreshed products in the next four years.
Lewis Booth: Just to reflect on Mercury that the on place. We are having very fruitful discussions with our dealers and I think we have about 1,700 dealers involved and I think we already have signed agreements with about 700 of them.
Lewis Booth: Brent, I misspoke a little bit early when I talked about the operating divisions and exclusively call out. Obviously the dividends from Ford Credit are big help to continue to pay down our net debt. So it's both, the automotive business units and the Ford Credit.
Lewis Booth: We had a very slight transportation glitch with some damage to some rare lines but other than that, we are on track.
K.R. Kent: Patrick, on the credit quality, I'll give you one perspective and that is on the loss to receivables and we will cover bit more in the fixed income call later today. On a world-wide basis, we had loss-to-receivables of 39 basis points for the quarter, which was extremely low. In the past, we only had actually four quarters that were lower. For example, people are paying their bills and it's very encouraging in an environment, where you know consumers are stressed out there. As a result of the low loss-to-receivables, we had to reduce our credit loss reserve. For the first half of the year, we reduced them for about $450 million. Our view is that it won't continue at that pace. Obviously, the reserve just can't keep going down over time, so eventually that will slowdown. That's what we are seeing in the second half that reduction will slow down. Your last question was on subprime and how that plays into our sales. At Ford Credit, we do support subprime, we have always supported subprime. It is an important part of the market for the company to sell vehicles in that market. Effectively, we've always participated in it, we buy a broad spectrum of business and we've been successful. I think you see it in your securitizations that are out there that are publicly traded. They include subprime, they include prime and they all perform very well.
K.R. Kent: I really speak about for us. In total, and we do obviously have the details that we split and look at subprime versus nearprime versus prime, and in our portfolio but we don't typically express that on a public basis. Then total portfolio continues to perform very well, and that's about as far as I can go.
K.R. Kent: Yes, actually it was an improvement. The credit loss themselves were about $86 million. The reserve adjustment was a reduction of $252 million and then there is a little bit of exchange in securitization going through as well.
K.R. Kent: Sorry, the credit losses themselves were $86 million expense and then the changing reserve was $252 million reduction in the reserves.
Allan Mulally: Well, the commercial vehicle is down to the Transit size and the Transit Connect have been, as you know, a wonderful business for us and we see that continuing to grow in all the regions of world, the Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific. We don't have any plans at the current time to go below that size, Brian.
Allan Mulally: Chris, we are also actually staying laser-focused on our plan to match our production to the real demand, which is the most important thing we do from a value point of view and the products.
Allan Mulally: Well, it really starts with our assessment on the economic growth and of course the industry, the 11.5 to 12, and then staying really focused on the right inventory and supply with the dealers and so. We worked a little bit of that on the production in the first half to make sure that with the shutdowns that we normally take and new product launches that we are matching that production's demand. So, it's about right looking at the market and looking at ours gradually increasing market share too.
Allan Mulally: We were really encouraged with the progress we are making because not only have we simplified the product line-up, made that really clear, but also we will continue to simplify the verbal combinations to get, really package the way the customers really want it and that allows the dealers to really simply their operations.
Allan Mulally: Yes. That really reflects adding the Explorer to Chicago, where we're going to add 1,200 new jobs and also. That's all. I think that's enough for now.
Allan Mulally: No, we're up to a really good start and the acceptance by the consumers is fantastic. The dealers want more as fast as they can get them.
