Mark Fields: Thanks a lot Bob. Slide 21 summarizes our view of the business environment for 2014. We project global economic growth to be in the 2.5% to 3% range, and global industry sales to be about 85 million to 90 million units. U.S. economic growth is now projected to be in the 2% range as a result of downward revisions to first quarter growth. We continue to expect improving conditions through the balance of this year and have seen economic indicators and industry sales recovering in the second quarter.  In South America, Brazil continues to face inflationary pressures despite higher interest rates and weakening economic growth. The situation remains uncertain in Argentina and Venezuela. In Europe, an economic recovery is underway, with expected 2014 GDP growth of about 1% in the euro area and 2.5% to 3% in the U.K. Although not shown, the outlook for Russia is challenging and fluid, with weak GDP growth, inflationary pressures and a weaker currency.  In Asia Pacific, China's economic growth is projected in the 7.5% range. Recent incoming data suggest the economy is stabilizing. Growth in India is expected to improve modestly at about 5% from last year, as high inflation and higher interest rates remain impediments to stronger growth. The recent general elections in India have generated positive sentiment and opportunities for better growth in the near term.  Overall, despite challenges in emerging markets, we expect global economic growth to continue in 2014 and be supportive of our projection for higher global automotive industry volume this year.  Slide 22 recaps the guidance disclosed earlier for our business unit, as well as for our net interest expense. In summary, full year guidance deteriorated for South America, improved for Ford Credit, and is unchanged for the other business units.  Our company guidance for 2014 is detailed on slide 23. We now expect full year industry volume to range from 16.3 million to 16.8 million units in the U.S.; Europe 20 markets to range from 14.3 million to 14.8 million units; and China to be in the 23.3 million to 24.3 million unit range.  In terms of our financial performance, we continue to expect automotive revenue to be about equal to 2013 and automotive operating margin to be lower than 2013. We now expect automotive operating related cash flow to be lower than 2013, improved from substantially lower. This includes capital spending of about $7.5 billion to support new or significantly refreshed products and capacity actions.  We also now expect Ford Credit pretax profit to be higher than 2013, improved from about equal to higher than 2013. We continue to expect company pretax profit to be in the $7 billion to $8 billion range, in a period with an unprecedented number of global launches.  Overall, 2014 will be a solid year for Ford Motor Company and a critical next step forward in implementing our ONE Ford plan to continue delivering profitable growth for all. The payoff from in the 2014 launches and investments will be a strong product lineup with higher volumes, revenues and margins in 2015 and beyond.  In closing, our ONE Ford plan is built on compelling vision, a comprehensive strategy and relentless implementation, all leading to profitable growth around the world. We remain fully focused on continuing the success of our ONE Ford plan, in fact accelerating our pace of progress.  We delivered strong results in the second quarter, and we remain on track in implementing our plan for the full year, including continued strength from North America, although down from recent years as we launch three times the number of products as last year; a loss in South America, as we adjust to a changed environment and continued risk in the region; successful execution of our transformation plan for Europe, as we progress towards profitability in 2015, even as we work through challenges primarily in Russia; establishing our Middle East and Africa business unit; continued strong growth and profitability in Asia Pacific; consistent, solid performance from our Ford Credit operations, and positive automotive operating-related cash flow.  So now let's open it up to your questions. George.
Mark Fields: And just to add to that Brian on the structural cost, as Bob said, to put it into perspective, we are in growth mode. We can assure you that we’re being very thoughtful about the structural costs that we put into the business. We spend a lot of time as a management team looking at the breakeven levels, so we don't get ahead of ourselves, if you will. But we are very focused on that, just as we are focused on driving the top line of the business.
Mark Fields: And just to add a little bit more context to your question around the Asia Pacific business and what’s the trajectory, besides the financials and the comments that Bob just made, when you look across the region, nine out of our 12 markets in the second quarter actually grew their market share. So we are really pleased with the response to our ONE Ford products.  And in China in particular, with the record market share, we are getting a lot of growth in the tier 4 through six cities, where there’s a lot of growth and it's married to our network strategy. The consumers that we are attracting in China are younger, more educated and higher-income customers than the industry average and our retail sales, 70% to 90% of our retail sales come from either first time buyers or people buying an additional vehicle. So fundamentally, we think this positions us well for growth going forward.
Mark Fields: And Patrick, on your second question around Brazil, when you stand back and look at the business, as we mentioned earlier, clearly we are continuing in implementing our ONE Ford plan where we are replacing all the legacy products, including some of our commercial vehicles, our cargo that we launched last year, which is actually doing very well in the marketplace.  But the second half of the year in Brazil is really due to the economic slowdown that we’ve seen and also to exchange volatility, and in some cases just dollar availability in places like Argentina and Venezuela.  Specifically to the Brazil industry and your question around commercial vehicles, we are seeing the industry down overall, especially large and a big load of trucks where we don't specifically play. We are more in the medium truck segment of that right now. So the team is on top of this. We are looking at the business environment, understanding what do we need to do to improve the situation in a very changeable market, and we’ll continue to work our process on that and maximize our results in a changeable environment.
Mark Fields: Well, overall when you look at our performance this year and our goal for profitability for 2015, at this point we don't see issues in Russia affecting our ability to reach profitability in 2015.  Clearly when you look at Russia, the current environment is difficult. But it's a big, it's an important market, and it has the potential as you know to be the largest market in Europe over time, and the business environment right now as Bob mentioned earlier, it’s very challenging and fluid. You got GDP that’s slowing down, which is affecting the industry sales; the weak ruble; the segment shifts of consumers from cars to some of the SUVs and of course overlaid by the geopolitical issues.  So we are working with our partners in Ford Sollers to improve the business outlook, take the appropriate actions. The team is on it, and the senior team is meeting very regularly on this and just using our process of always looking at that business environment and understanding what do we have to do to maximize or minimize impacts on the business.
Mark Fields: Yes Ryan, just to put a couple more things to that, we are confident in the trajectory that we are on in Europe for the reasons Bob mentioned. In addition, our plan has always revolved around product, brand and cost and as you pointed out, the team is making very good progress on cost.  As Bob mentioned, brand is doing well in terms of favorable opinion and on the product side, interestingly enough, when you look at our sales in the first half of this year, over 50% of our sales are on these new products that we’ve introduced over the last year or so. So we think that bodes well. Our retail percent of the industry is higher as a percentage of our sales than the rest of the industry.  So we’re really pleased by the response from our European consumers, and with the products coming up, the Focus, the Mondeo, two very important, high-volume products and in some cases high-image products, followed by the Mustang, the Edge, and the Vignale series, we think positions us well for growth going forward and also buttressed by our commercial business, with our full revamp of the entire Transit lineup.  We’ve had the highest share in the first half of this year since 1997 I believe, and I think that will also bode well to allow the business to grow and allow us to achieve our profitability in 2015, which is obviously a very important goal for us.
Mark Fields: That being said, as you know we are just coming out with a major refresh in Expedition and Navigator and clearly we’re very excited about bringing those products to our customers. Not at liberty to talk about our product plans going forward, but clearly as you look at our ONE Ford plan and our whole approach of looking at platforms, looking at trying to get reductions in those platforms to get scale efficiencies, to provide even greater value to our customers, is something that we are going to continue to execute as a company, and that’s about all I can say at this point.
Mark Fields: Well, it's a great question Dee-Ann. I think just to put things in perspective, I had the opportunity to sit side-by-side with Alan for the last eight years in terms of developing the strategy and then the implementation of that. So the indication that there has to be a new strategy, because there’s a new person sitting in the chair, I wouldn't necessarily assume that.  My message to our team internally and now externally is one of continuity, but also acceleration of our plan, of our working together, the way we run the company, our product passion, bringing even more innovations to the marketplace and I think that message of continuity and acceleration resonates with our team, particularly in an environment where there is lots going on in the industry, lots going on around the world and we can stay very focused on those things that have brought us to this point as a company and provides us a great foundation to move the company forward. 
Mark Fields: Okay, when you look at the number of the questions, Rod we go to manufacturing launch in the fourth quarter, so you’ll start to see some units show up at dealerships by the end of the year and we are very excited about making sure that we do that.  From the second question around the fuel economy, as you saw yesterday, we announced the capability figures for the vehicle, which were very well received. We are working through our normal process on fuel economy, in terms of looking at the labels and making sure they get certified. So you’ll see that in the next number of weeks as we close out on that process and follow that process with the EPA. 
Bob Shanks: Yes, in terms of restructuring charges George, if you look at slide 14 to the far right, you can see on a year-over-year basis we had $178 million of good news from lower restructuring charges. So within that the reserve release which was related to the agreement that we made with the German Works Council was worth about $60 million, $65 million of good news, and that will be one time and won't repeat in the subsequent quarters.  And then what we had a year ago was a reserve write-off of about $40 million to $45 million related to our facility at Genk, and so that’s not repeating. So the two of those, you put them together, you get about $100 million of good news on a year-over-year basis within that $178 million.  So we are still expecting to have about $250 million of restructuring costs for the full year and we still have obviously more of that in front of us than behind us. So that will be one of the factors that will drive the second half to be lower than the first half in terms of overall results. 
Bob Shanks: Yes Brian, I’ll take that one. In the first half, if you go all the way back to December, if you remember when we had our initial guidance for the year, we actually thought that pricing would be adverse and in the first quarter we said it could be sort of flat to somewhat positive, and I think that’s what we are seeing play out in the first half. That’s consistent with what we expected at that time.  When we get into the second half, I think we’ll see more opportunities on pricing related to the new products, because as you very well know we’ve got a number of new products coming. Now a lot of that volume, because there’s a lot of (inaudible), actually the big effect is going to be in 2015. But there will be some benefit that we’ll get from that into the second half, so I would think that would be a positive for us in the second half versus the first half.
Bob Shanks: Well, I think in the case of overall cost, we usually do see a cost increase just typically in the second half versus first half. Some of that is seasonality; some of that is the fact that we are in a growth mode, so our CapEx will increase; we’ll have launches that are going to hit the second half more than they did in the first half.  On the product, the material cost piece, within that in the second quarter, pretty benign in terms of material costs on a year-over-year basis. I think that is just because we are in sort of the quiet period if you will. We haven't had a lot of big launches over the last year. We’ve got the big launches ahead of us in the second half. So, I think we’ve benefited from the fact that the normal, very strong material cost reductions that we get from design changes and/or from our work with our supplier partners, more of that is just flowing through in the quarter than what would probably be typical, and certainly more is flowing through than what you would see in the second half, because of the added product costs that will come.  But again, with those product costs, that’s new product, new features, new technologies, so we’ll also get more pricing. So you have to kind of think about all that together.
Bob Shanks: Well, we're not saying it is not possible; but we are just staying with the overall guidance of 8% to 9%, because we’ve got all these big launches coming ahead of us and what we’d like to do is take a save and revisit that after we get through particularly the F-150 launch, which based on what we’ve guided today in terms of down which is now just right at our doorstep.  So we feel extremely good about the margins. You can look at that first half number; it’s extremely strong. The launch of the F-150, and Mark can comment, is going well, as well as our other launches, so there is nothing at this point to be concerned about. So we feel good about it, but I think we’ll just kind of update you if you will at the third quarter, once we get through the heart of the launch.
Bob Shanks: Yes, I mean, there's really two things to think about. Actually, I’ll mention three. If you go to slide 17 and look below the chart, which gives you the quarter-to-quarter, we are still getting top-line growth; but within the contribution cost we had an increase in our warranty reserves, which largely explains that. So that would be, if you think about it, it should be one-time.  In the other cost what you have got there is ongoing investments in growth. So as I mentioned, we have five plants still under construction and just take India for example. The Sanand facility that will open next year, we are already bringing hourly labor onboard. We are training them, so if you will, there’s costs associated with that. Plus the other plants in China that there is no revenue for obviously, so that’s a factor.  We are already incurring cost as well for the Lincoln launch that will occur in the fall. So that's ahead of us as well, but also affecting the quarter and then if you go to the very far right Colin, look at Other. Within that we had a non-repeat of a favorable insurance adjustment in Thailand. I believe that's just not repeating, so that's sort of the factors that are affecting us.  But just broadly, if you step back and go back to the comments around North America, I think the growth story is even of greater effect in Asia Pacific, and you can see that from the top line. We are investing and continuing to invest heavily and so that’s bringing cost with it, but very strong revenue and growth that we are expecting in periods ahead.
Bob Shanks: Why don't I take the first one and Mark, do you want to take the second one? Yes, I don't think there’s anything unusual and one-time or anything of that sort in the quarter. I really do believe Patrick that it’s really the fact that we’ve got the strong efficiencies around material costs coming from the work with the supply base, as well as with the work in terms of design efficiencies. But it’s just flowing more straight through to the bottom line than what you might expect in an ongoing quarter, because of just where we find ourselves with the launches, both behind us, but also the ones ahead of us.  When you do look at the second half, as I mentioned, it clearly is going to be an adverse factor, at least based on what we’re looking at today compared with the first half. But we also would expect to get some of that back within contribution costs from better performance in terms of warranty cost, particularly given what happened in the first quarter, but also maybe some improvements in freight and distribution as well, which in part was one of the issues with the added cost we had in the first quarter related to weather.  So I think overall sort of a negative if you will in the second half versus first half on material, but a positive in some of the other factors. So I think they will more or less wash out when we look at North America second half to first half.
Bob Shanks: Well, I think until we see an end of growth, and frankly we don't, we’ll continue to find opportunities to invest in the business. So if you go back and look at the last number of years, we’ve been consistently seeing an increase in structural costs, but going back to Mark's earlier comment, it’s all been very well planned, very thought through, connected directly to revenue growth that we expect to get from that and that’s exactly what’s happening.  Now what you’re seeing is the balance between the costs and the revenue are starting to shift. So in the past it was costs and revenue ahead of us. Now you are starting to see some of that revenue come on stream. It’s exceeding the cost, so we are starting to see the good, strong results and I think that change of balance will continue as we move forward.  So I think you will see cost increases. Well, you definitely will see cost increases in the second half versus the first half which I already mentioned. For the reasons I mentioned, some seasonality, but also the continued investment. I would expect that would continue as we go into the forward years, as long as we find opportunities to grow the business, but the top line will grow more.
Bob Shanks: Yes. We haven't disclosed those types of details, but I will tell you Ryan that the margins that we’re getting from our joint ventures in China are extremely healthy and I think we can aspire to the types of margins that you are seeing from other competitors there.  The business is very well structured. We are managing extremely well supply and demand; if anything, we kind of struggle to keep up with the demand. As Mark and I both mentioned, the brand is very well regarded in the market, so it's just kind of positives all around.  So I think margin is extremely healthy and I think they can potentially even be healthier as we continue to kind of fill out the portfolio. Again, improve the overall mix as we add higher priced vehicles.  I should also mention that we’ve also got a pretty healthy import business as well. Products such as the Explorer; the Edge is coming in, and of course Lincoln we have a lot of great expectations of, and that will clearly be a plus for the business.
Bob Shanks: Yes, I wouldn't assume that the CapEx level is off, because we’ve got some really great and exciting growth plans for the business, so we’ll continue to invest as long as we see those opportunities.  One thing I just want to caution you on is that the investments in China are largely made by the joint ventures, which don't show up in our CapEx. That would be incremental if you will. We might have some more to say on this on Investor Day, which we sent out a notice on that for September 29, but yes, I wouldn’t build into your models that the CapEx is going to be declining or flattening out.
Bob Shanks: I’ll answer that and if Mark has anything to add, he will follow. But the way I guess I would think about it is third quarter is the launch quarter and I’m talking about the new F-150, because remember, all the way through this, all the way through the third and fourth quarter, Kansas City is still producing the present F-150 until it gets to its own launch in the first half of next year. So that continues apace, so we are able to continue to supply the dealers with that product, which transaction prices continue to be highest in the segment and we are just doing extremely well with that, even in the balance out, so that continues.  In Dearborn, I would think of third quarter as launch, because we’ve already mentioned that much of the quarter will be actually not producing anything as we transition to the new products and some of that continues in the early fourth. There will be units that will be released to dealers in the quarter and so that will be a benefit, but I would clearly think about the real impact of F-150 on the bottom line as being more of a ‘15 phenomenon than a ‘14 phenomenon, the new F-150. 
Bob Shanks: There will be an impact in both quarters from the launch, but you’ll have more of those down weeks I believe in the third quarter than you’ll have in the fourth quarter. And clearly when we are down, we are not producing, so the profit effect would be a little bit greater in terms of the launch cost, launch effect in the third quarter than the fourth quarter. 
Bob Shanks: Well, we have more new products coming, so we are clearly not finished with the product. We have quite a bit more new product coming over the next few years and looking for additional opportunities. We have more capacity coming and the way I think about the share improvement and actually its I think a couple years ago; it might have been more in the 2%-ish range, and again that's 2% of a massive industry remember, so the absolutes in terms of the volumes are quite large.  But I would go back to a comment Mark made in reference to something else. I would think about the share improvement as relentless implementation and execution. We are just going to just keep growing and growing and just hope to see that relentless coming through in our bottom line, as well as in our share improvement.  So we are not trying to win in a burst. This is sort of a marathon, and we’re going to just keep going forward and keep growing and leverage every opportunity that we can find. So we celebrate two or three-tenths; it's great. 
Bob Shanks: Yes, just two things. First of all, on the European question, I would expect us to start to see added product costs coming in there with the launch of the Mondeo and the Focus. So we’ll continue to see good results in terms of our material cost reductions, but you will start to see, just as I talked about for North America, you’ll start to see product costs start to come through there.  In the case of South America, that’s an interesting question. To some extent you do see in those numbers what you see in the other business units, which is the investments for growth as we continue to transition the portfolio to the global ONE Ford products, but a lot of this is the effect of high local inflation. You’ve got inflation in a 50%, 60% range in Venezuela. What is it, Joe? 30%, 40% or something like that in Argentina; 6% in Brazil.  So really when you're looking at South America, you have to look at that pricing number, which looks great. But you have to at the same time look within the cost increases, including material cost, because you see a lot of negative commodity cost coming through, because its dollar based and so in that particular region it comes through as a cost increase, because of the impact of the weaker currency.  So there is that inflation effect and then you’ve got the exchange effect. It’s just they are all related to each other. And as I mentioned in the comments earlier, we aren't actually, even with the pricing, fully offsetting the effect of inflation through the income statement and adverse operating exchange. So you got to look at all those three together. 
Bob Shanks: Itay, all I would say is what we’ve said consistently for quite some time, is that we see the business in North America as capable of and targeting an 8% to 10% margin over time. And this year as you said, in the first half, 9.5%, but clearly we’ve guided that for second for a number of different reasons, including seasonality will be lower, but still strong, but we see it at 8% to 9% and I think that is what I would assume as I’m looking at the forward years. 
Bob Shanks: Yes, I think we’ll take a save on that. Well, maybe that’s something that we’ll touch on at Investor Day, because I’d like to keep the focus today on this year and the quarter. But clearly, what you said about where this business is going is how we are seeing it and how we are thinking about it, but I don't think I’d get into it any further than that today. 
