Jim Hackett: Thank you, Lynn, and good evening to everyone. Before I begin the formal comments tonight, I want to extend a very warm welcome to Tim Stone who joined Ford Motor Company on April 15. Tim will assume the role of CFO on June 1, and we could not be more excited to have Tim join our team at such an important time in our transformation. I also want to take this opportunity to thank Bob Shanks. Bob has left an indelible mark on this company in his 40-plus-year career. As CFO, he's been relentless in driving for results and pushing the company to greater heights. He's also been a wonderful colleague, who's led with integrity. Now this part's off script. As great as a CFO that Bob has been for Ford Motor Company, this is an extremely wonderful human being. The world is a better place with Bob in it and my team has decided to just for a moment here give him a standing ovation.
Jim Hackett: Thanks, John. No I don't think there's any shift at all. In fact if I take you back to this regime's arrival in June of 2017, one of the first things that we attacked was the product portfolio. In fact, this recent organization where Jim Farley and Joe take on respectively new roles, I've explained to the company that we weren't ready for this current organization back in June of 2017 because we had to get the product in shape. And Jim Farley and Joe and how they did an incredible job in very fast order getting that turned around. If you think about the essence of that like is it in competition with the future, it's not because as we're turning the product around, we're thinking about the design of smart vehicles for a smart world. What do they have to actually be capable of doing to enable the future things that we're seeing, including autonomy, connectivity and cloud-based interactions with cities? So, all three of these things are in our thinking. So what's nice is that the improvement in the product portfolio is fueling, of course, of the good news tonight, because that's what Ford stands for. And it didn't depreciate any of the investment or effort in the future tech that's all alive and well. 
Jim Hackett: Yes, Colin I just want to emphasize, because this is important in the trust that I build with you guys is we've been very consistent with what we've started with the fitness initiatives in terms of our target and where we are. So I'll let Bob fill in the blanks, but there's not a lot of shifts here from what we've been talking about.
Jim Hackett: Ryan, Jim Hackett here. I just -- I take my gaze a little further on the horizon with China as you might imagine. And the earlier question that John asked about product and was that a new leg under our stool, it's not. But I would admit that as we were rationalizing that product portfolio what became clear to me is that our position in China had ascended very quickly from where we started to where we hit at the peak was a function of we knew what the market was, but we lost track of that. And we lost track of it in a way that was going to take advantage of the things that John was asking you about. It seems like you guys are getting your act together on the product portfolio. So we're applying what we've learned about getting the portfolio in shape as we start to fix, China. So there's a longer term opportunity here that we've got to prove to you that this team that really I think understands product. And we've got a wonderful leadership team there. I just want to warrant to you that there's going to be better solutions in China for Ford than we're seeing right now.
Jim Hackett: Well, it did actually because in January, I think we indicated that we thought the results would be lower than 2019 and 2018 and today in my comments I indicated that we expect them to be about flat so that would be around $2.6 billion. We do not expect subsequent quarters to be at the level of performance in the first quarter. But if you -- I mean you've got last year's number, $2.6 billion we made $800 million. You can do the math it will be a very healthy second, third and fourth quarter but it will not be based on what we see today at the level of the first quarter.
Jim Hackett: Okay. Well, I don't think so, because we've -- in the face of some really good competition we're doing very well, Adam as you can tell. And Jim talked about where we are in the Series evolution right now, what we've been winning with versus what we're going to have.
Jim Hackett: Thanks, Adam. And you know I love the question, because like some of the comments tonight, this was one of the early things that we actually went after, which is in the fitness initiative. Joe Hinrichs, who’s going to take this, and I have long talks about product complexity in how getting that right would start to be the gift that kept on giving. So Joe, you might talk about our efforts there and...
Jim Hackett: Yes, thank you, David. This is something that we've talked a great deal about and I think I'm delighted with where Ford is relative to what's happened in Europe. I'll let Jim share more here.
Jim Hackett: Yes, I just want to remind everybody that this is on the consolidated part of the business. So just to simplify what need to think about that's the net engineering. So that's the engineering we incurred net of the royalties we received as the vehicles are produced. It is the import business both Lincoln brand and Ford brand. It's the overhead of the team that's there in Shanghai. There's also a portion which is a component sales that we ship the components into the JVs and so that's a piece of it as well. So I'm just talking not about what's happening in the JVs which is where really the bulk of the business is in that portion of just described. And so what we've been focusing on is driving down costs as quickly as we can. We've seen less engineering, less manufacturing expense from -- this is also fitness right this is fitness of Ford on the imported vehicles that's now benefiting China those vehicles go over. Certainly our engine has been drifting out and addressing the size of the workforce in Shanghai. That's an opportunity more ahead of us than in the quarter but it has begun. So it's really broad-based it's not any one thing, it's across-the-board, but the results have been very encouraging in the first quarter. And I would expect as kind of look at the full year that that would be an important element of what will be the improvement of the loss that we had last year in China relative to what we delivered this year.
Jim Hackett: And Steven, I got to slip this in because I don't know how close you've been to Ford. But the management team that's running North America is exceptional Kumar Galhotra was put in that job and we're just reviewing today kind of their serial quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter kind of improvements that they've generated. In fact, he from a method standpoint was one of the first parts of the world to build this new flat agile structure with these energy rooms. This is all serious commitment to moving faster and moving collegially across the company, reducing bureaucracy and it's been copied. And now I just add that the people leading the other parts of the world have similar kind of talent. So when Bob just talked to you about the way to think about the rest of the year, I was thinking about the guy running it and want to make sure you know how solid he is.
Jim Hackett: Yes. I think where we are today is consistent message that I've said that we have the right or wrong design in these markets. And so, you're seeing us tackle, both in Europe and South America as examples that are now playing now. As Jim Farley has talked about the portfolio strategy there, we're working on a better design for South America. And that's -- there is more to come there, but these initiatives to get us in shape so that we have the right cost structure and all that, will be followed by really the right kind of things to win in those markets, with where we want to play with.
Jim Hackett: As you know, between now and 2025 or compared to 2021, the CO2 targets for our passenger cars and commercial cars are a bit different. And so I think by 2030 the current regulation is about a 30% improvement in – or reduction in CO2 for LCV and more for passenger cars. In the short term, obviously, we had the 6.2 emissions last year in the second half, which Ford really weathered very well. And between now and 2021 there's another new set of requirements which we're in a good position for, because of our new lineup. But the requirements in Europe really start to ramp up between 2021 and 2030 with the new regulations from the EU.
Jim Hackett: Well, we have the option of doing that. And in fact in a couple of the disclosures we've made over the last what a year or two, we've provided sort of segments and things of that sort of trucks or whatever high-performing products. So we're starting to show you more on the product line basis. I don't know where that will go frankly. As you know, one of the big changes in our organization has been to provide a much -- I call it the third leg of the stool of the lens of the business. We've got central. We've got scale teams regions. Now we're going to have a much stronger product line focused. That’s our organization that Jim and Bob talked about at the conference last week or so. So I think -- and in my comments gave you a little bit more texture than what we have in the past. The improvement in North America was driven by the trucks. But I have to tell you also, the improvement was driven by the fact that decision we made around the passenger sedan. That was hundreds of millions of dollars or will be over the course of the year. So that's not immaterial, but it's something that we have the option of doing I suppose. It’s not how we report the business, but we will be very thoughtful going forward Itay in terms of what we do with this information and form investors going forward, but clearly and I know your thesis and we don't disagree with that Ford Motor Company has a moat of trucks particularly F-Series, but not just F-Series. We're the biggest player in the world on vans, the Ranger we're number two or three, depends on how you cut it and that’s without North American the mix and know we're going to combine forces to some extent with VW, is also a strong player. So more to come I guess on that.
Jim Hackett: Yes, I appreciate that Itay. I think, let me -- I'm going to ask Marcy Klevorn to help me with this because she and I just were in Pittsburgh two days ago for a full day reviewing with Jim Farley kind of our development there. I want to report it's -- what a great team we have in Argo AI and take you back to Miami. When we brought investors and media there, I think we got at large really thumbs up for experience -- intentional is the fact that we're testing in some really challenging areas. I mean I don't want to pick on any competitor because it's not my purpose, but you could put these vehicles in places where the weather never changes. There's not a lot of intense urban kind of challenges, mostly everyone's retired and the roads don’t change a lot. I mean we've opted into some really difficult settings to prove this capability. So Miami's going really well in Washington D.C all of us on the call and the table have been in that city so you know the challenges. And in fact, the long-term viability of this capability is its ability to work in cities. And so that's why I think you're going to love the Ford position. Now to the direct part of your question in how we're picking cities and where we are going from here, I’ll let Marcy fill in what the plans have been.
Jim Hackett: Yes. We laughed that if autonomy was only destined for the L.A. freeways, you don't have to deal with dogs and baseballs running across them and no need to recognize that. And so the argument that you see in the press about how intense the LIDAR commitment has to be is a function of that.It's our intent to have these things perform really safely as I've said. Another interesting thing is that we've been intentional about the way we think about the external environment in the vehicle relating to each other. And I've been on record at the CES talk a year ago, describing how cities are going to be communicating back to the vehicles and vice-versa. We're experimenting with that and all these tests. So there's a lot more in terms of the system's evolution that I think is going to be wonderful to talk about as we get there.
Jim Hackett: Thank you. And before we close, again I want to welcome Tim. Bob, thank you for incredible service. I want to reinforce four key points. First, we have a solid plan to create value in the near and long-term. We believe we're gaining credibility with you that we're doing as we said. We also as we said this was a year of action and making these decisions, building momentum with the global redesign of the company as we target sustained improvement across key metrics. And we're mindful of growth, profitably, cash flow and returns as we do that. Third, our results this quarter clearly demonstrate the benefit of our fitness actions, portfolio decisions that we've labored over and the business redesigns. And we do want to assert that there's more to come there. And fourth, we want you to know that we really do believe we've delivered a solid quarter. It is not just one thing it's across the board. And we now believe we're on track to deliver better company results for this full year and recognize in parallel that we have a lot of work ahead of us. So thank you for joining the call tonight.
Jim Farley: Thanks, John. Look F-Series is an incredible franchise, John. We gained share. We finished the quarter at 41% share of the pickup truck business. That's a nine-tenths increase. We had built a leadership position over the number two player by almost 100,000 units in the quarter. Our average transaction price was just under $48,000 for F-Series, and we have the lowest incentive spend for any of the major trucks. And that was a big fitness exercise for us in terms of yield management. One of the big strengths to your point in the first quarter was commercial and government. We saw 11% growth for us in the first quarter much higher than the industry. The sectors that drove that were telecom and utilities. We saw daily order rates grow. The strength of Super Duty is really one of the key facets for the quarter. And obviously, we also launched Ranger. In fact with Ranger and F-Series together we had our best pickup truck quarter in 15 years. So look we have a lot to do, it's a very competitive market, but we have a great team. And we saw very strong demand for our product. And as Bob said, the product portfolios is chockful of new product. We have the new Super Duty coming later this year and an all-new F-Series next year. So we've got a great franchise for connectivity services and automation as well. There's a very strong quarter for our trucks.
Jim Farley: Thanks for your question. Obviously we -- we're working really hard to stabilize our sales this year. We've launched a new product as you know and we've gotten very positive pricing. We do have opportunity for momentum in the second half of the year. But right now we're focused on stabilizing our sales. It's great to see the profitability improvement for the dealers and the stock. Stocks have come down, which is really a health measure for us. But right now we're looking at stabilizing our sales.
Jim Farley: Yes. As you know, we updated the F-Series a year or so ago, which was great. But we have really strong product coming. So that bodes well for our chances. For the market in first quarter, I think that the strength for Ford in commercial and government was a really important sign. We saw sectors including for the growth of Transit for package delivery, telecom, utilities, that really drove Super Duty F-Series and Transit sales in the U.S. double-digit growth year-over-year. So that's a really -- those customers as you know are really driven by cost of ownership. They're that very discerning customers. They want the best capability, but they also want the best efficient -- most efficient vehicle. And I think that bodes really well. The other thing to mention is that in the first quarter for us, Ranger, we only sold about 10,000. We're just still ramping up Ranger. And there was a very strong demand. I think our average turn is like 18 days now for Ranger, and that was incremental to our F-Series. So for us, we have a very new product cadence. We have more coming, and the strength of the commercial business is a good sign.
Jim Farley: Yes, great question. Obviously, earlier this month the European team shared our plans to expand electrification from mild hybrids all the way to full electrics and it's a really aggressive plan with 16 electric vehicles. One of the things that's just such a differentiator for us in Europe is our strength of commercial vehicles. And so although there are cost going in for electrification and CO2 compliance especially for 2025, we're in a really good shape to continue to nurture that commercial vehicle business which is really profitable and has more upside. For example in the first quarter, we gained almost half a share point in our commercial business. So, although there are more costs going in Europe as you say for the more stringent requirements in 2025 with the 15% reduction, we have the opportunity in the commercial side to continue to grow our profitability.
Jim Farley: Well, thanks for your question. First of all, we have – I just want to reiterate the ambitions we have to grow our utilities business globally. We have a great opportunity North America and in Europe with our utilities. For China, the story is a growth story. I mean, as shared last week with his 30-30 plan in the next three years we have 30 new products, a lot of those utilities you can expect Ford to really lean into the utility space. If you see the success, we've had in Territory, which is the new nameplate for us that's great. But we have the opportunity to localize a lot of utilities in China and also refresh the products that are at the very end of their life cycle. So you can expect China to be a growth story for Ford over the next several years as well as a lot of localization and a growth in our utility lineup.
Jim Farley: No, I think it's best just – Rod just to leave it with our growth ambition. I mean, that's the most important.
Bob Shanks: Yes, thanks John. Obviously, that would have to come from the rating agencies. But we talk with them a lot. We believe that we understand very clearly the areas of improvement they're looking for. And it is on the operating side of the business. As I said numerous times that it is not the balance sheet, its not distribution, it's on the operating side. So I believe that while this is just a quarter, the fact that we saw the improvement in North America, we saw an improvement in China. Although again, lots of work ahead. We got to a profit, which haven't been expected in Europe, because a lot of that redesign is still we get ahead of us in terms of the impact of that and portfolio changes as well. I think that we are hitting the parts of the business that they want to see improvement in not just a quarter, we got to do this quarter in quarter out. But I believe that's a nice step forward in terms of the things that they are concerned about.
Bob Shanks: Yes, Colin, I think the way I would describe it is, while perhaps the areas where you'll be seeing impacts on the business from the actions that we take won't be new-new CEO for example we've talked about the redesign of Europe is underway, but we haven't given you much of the details behind that. Because we're in the process of the discussion with our social partners in terms of what that actually will be. We expect that to be completed sometimes around the middle of the year and then we'll start seeing more specifics. So you'll get more details. I wouldn't say that's more announcements. It's just more details of what we've already announced. We have talked about the fact that we're still chatting with VW and Mahindra about different opportunities. So there again nothing new in terms of areas, but potentially more in terms of what comes out of those discussions. Obviously that would be something ahead of us. So I think it's more about more clarity and more details. And the way that I would further put into context what's yet to come, is the commentary I provided on the special items. We only have about $500 million in this quarter of the $600 million, which relates to business redesign. And as I mentioned in my comments we expect to see $3 billion to $3.5 billion of charges for the full year. So you're going to have a lot more happen in terms of actions that are then from an accounting standpoint it's going to hit the books. And that's going to be second, third, and fourth quarter.
Bob Shanks: Yes, I wouldn't necessarily assume that the announcement of the action on São Bernardo is the complete redesign of the region, because it's not. There's more and we'll announce things when it's appropriate to do so. You're not getting any effect of that action in the quarter other than the special items, because the plant is going to continue to run until towards the very end of the year. So there's no benefit today but we do expect to have a good benefit. I think we've indicated a payback of about two years from that action. So there will be more to come from the actions in South America. The thing to note there is Argentina has really been hit hard, with a very deep recession, extremely high inflation that's affecting the industry. We're pricing as much as we can but we're frankly not keeping up with the inflation, nor the effect on the exchange rate. So that's sort of a unique factor in the shorter-term that certainly affected the business. Over time our history tells us we recover those effects but in the shorter term a bit of a challenge. The thing to me that's positive is they basically held constant on a year-over-year basis without new product with the action in São Bernardo announced with all this going on in Argentina, but they continue to find good cost performance that enabled us to keep the business where it was and so that was a win from our standpoint.
Bob Shanks: Yes. I would if I could add to that the way that I would think about the business, Ryan is we're really focused a lot on the dealer profitability and the margins they're earning. So we're being very thoughtful and very careful in terms of that particular part of the business. So we're certainly not pushing and driving for volume. We're really focused on profitability and their engagement. So that's the number one priority. So as a result of that, I wouldn't expect to see significant if any volume improvement necessarily. This is really more trying to get the margins back particularly at dealer level and get the business stabilized on the locally produced front. The thing that's interesting that you see in the bridge is the consolidated part of the business has turned around very, very sharply and very quickly. And that includes the imports of the Ford brand those products as well as Lincoln in fact profitable, frankly in the quarter and a substantial improvement year-over-year. So that part of the business that we control and have our arms around, we're making faster progress. We have a lot more work and are really doing a ground-up on the JV side. 
Bob Shanks: Yes, that's a good question. I mean obviously every quarter is a bit variable, but I think the important message from today if you take from the quarter that applies to the full year particularly on structural costs is that they're not going up. And that's probably inclusive of headwinds on a lower level of income from pension and OPEB. As you know that's been declining for some time, declining again this year several hundred million dollars. So, that's inclusive of that. And that's an important element because when you think about the contribution costs and material costs and we're making a lot of progress there for the earlier comments from Joe, there is an element of those increases that do come with the higher pricing and so forth. So, it's not just pure cost, it's costs that gives us the benefit. So, that structural cost capping if not slight reduction is going to make a huge difference in terms of our operating leverage which is what's driving the improvement in margin. 
Bob Shanks: Yes, I mean usually the first and second -- not every year, but the first or second quarter's usually the strongest of the year. In this particular year, we have a lot of launches that are taking place after the first quarter. And while coming out of the launch that's a lot of opportunity for us -- the launch itself because of lower volume launch expenses we start to amortize the investment and so forth. It is a bit of drag over a short period of time. So that's ahead of us. Also as you know in the third quarter, Europe shut-down its plants for four weeks so there's no production. North America does it for one or two weeks so you've got in general lower volume in the third quarter because of that impact as well. In the fourth quarter because of the end-of-year holiday and that 10 days or whatever we end up sort of draining the inventory that we have across the system and so therefore we have more labor and overhead the system inventory for most of the year and it kind of flows out and goes into the income statement in the fourth quarter. So that's a downward pressure there. So those types of things. We're still going to have good quarters coming forward. It's just we want to signal that you shouldn't think of the first as a run rate. It's a very good quarter. We've done better in the first quarter before. So no we need to restrain our enthusiasm, but we are extremely pleased with the start to the year because it gets us off to a good start in the year that's been a lot of heavy work ahead of us but it’s a wonderful way to begin that journey. 
Bob Shanks: Yes. I guess, the way I would describe it is first of all, quarters are unpredictable to some extent. But I actually -- as I look ahead based on what we see now for North America, I think every quarter should be a pretty good quarter. There will be plus or minus us where we are this quarter, but I think every quarter looks good, strong. They are benefiting or being hit by the things I touched on earlier. But, in general, I think, strong performance by North America throughout the year. It will be feature costs that are relatively flat, in fact flat if you exclude the impact of the pension OPEB that I referenced earlier. The volume probably is not going to be as great, so that will be a headwind in parts, best the industry that’s coming through. But in addition what you'll see that will drive the business will be favorable mix and you'll have very strong pricing throughout the year. And against that flat cost, it really just kind of flows right through to the bottom line. I would refresh everyone's memory. I think we talked about this at Deutsche Bank. There is a new contract this year. So with UAW so in the fourth quarter, in general, there's a large charge that we usually pick up once the ratification is achieved and that’s probably to the tune of about $0.5 billion or so, and I mentioned that back in January. So that would be something that would be unique and one-time in the calendarization of the results in North America this year.
Bob Shanks: Yes. We would expect to see improvement there, probably more second half weighted than first half, as Anning's working through the redesign of his organization. But yes, there will be an improvement in that that will contribute towards the year-over-year lessening of the loss this year.
Bob Shanks: I would say its part -- I think, we've seen some improvement in the quarter. There's no question about that, but I think there's more opportunity ahead.
Bob Shanks: So the parallel there, Joe – the parallel is that, it could have been better coincidence, which is at the time we're trying to figure out the redesign in Europe and the product portfolio going forward, we were aware of this kind of influence. So we've been addressing that all along in the strategy.
