Jim Hackett: Thank you, John, Jim Hackett. I'm going to go for all the questioners our quarterback to call so that we don't have big lag here. And, John, just an observation that I agree with you. This is my third crisis in business. This one's a unique one. The other two were substantial. And I observe that there's cost that comes this added to income statement that comes from disruption. For example, we were shipping products, expediting product from China to get to the factories here, parts I should say, so that we didn't have any disruption. And as the virus spread like a water slick the stuff that we were air freighting was eventually going to get stopped in production. So, we had the cost of that and it is what Tim has talked about, that we've been working to offset those kinds of increased costs and there's a lot of examples of that. It is in the billions that we work to. Also confirming with you that in this time of focus, you start to think of things that matter to the company. I don't want you to think of them well, you should have stopped them anyways, these are things that there's no races going on. So, some of the investments that you would have because the virus has diminished participation and things, we don't have that cost so we have the savings there. And then having the focus that Jim Farley talked about, we find that we can actually improve our leverage. So, I want to confirm with you that, yes, we're thinking about this the same way. Now, you asked for some specifics and I'd like to turn it over to Jim, because I think China is a good example of where there was advantage as we came out of this. Jim.
Jim Hackett: Thank you, Rod. It is Jim Hackett. Let me start with saying to you that 26 years in a job like this, I never had a business plan that was called pandemic. And I mean that in all sincerity because we just never imagined the economy turning off. And the other two crises that I was in we had deep troughs of issues, but this was unique. Secondly, board has been really diligent at working on a number of fronts that I'm proud to tell you, as I look back at other companies, which I would admire in our industry, that some of you referenced. And I take the beginning point of when I guess they started and where they are now, I would say that are the effort to get all the new products in the portfolio are going to be extraordinarily beneficial to the company. You just got to remember we're going from one of the oldest product lines to the new. And in the course of this pandemic comes in and interrupts. And it is going to slide, the timing of that, but we've got a new F150. We've got a new small rugged off road SUV. We've got an all-new Bronco. We got the Mustang Mach-E. So, all the work before the pandemic is valued that we're going to enjoy. This is why we've believed - we thought last year was going to be the tunnel year and we had the problems in Chicago. We've totally fixed that. Explorer was doing really well. And now we were waiting for this new product. The second thing is we started on restructuring, particularly in Europe. Just want to comment again, I'm not being cynical, but that was 40 years of problems that we took on in a very short time. We actually sped up the commitment for restructuring. Bob Shanks and I had one plan. We turned up the vitality of it, we spent ahead. We actually borrowed money to match the returns we were going to get. It all worked out. We're not done there. I'll let Jim in a minute explain what's going on. We initiated a redesign, and I don't know whether that sunk in, but we took over 25% of the management out of the company in advance of what we didn't expect, which is a pandemic, although we thought a recession was in the offing. Many of you said, this is the longest expansion when we were getting ready for that. So, that's serving us well. And in fact, the way the team's working now with a recent management change I made it is moving much faster with much more clarity. So, I'm just want to confirm that the only thing that I would witness with you is I didn't expect China to be a problem in the last two and a half years the way it turned out to be. But I now feel that there was more problems there than just what Ford enjoyed. And now, the work we did earlier to start getting things turned around, we actually are feeling confident that China's actually the picture there is going to improve. Particularly with the emphasis that we put on to get the product right in that market it wasn't right, which is the gestation period for getting all that flipped around is not the thing that happens in the course of 90-days or 6 months. But that's not asking you to wait longer. It is just saying that, if you're impatient about all the stuff we've done, and why aren't we seeing the value I'm trying to portray to you they are synchronous, and they will yield that, but I didn't expect the pandemic. So, Jim Farley, let me just tie this back to you and let you add virtue in terms of the way you see the restructuring in Europe.
Jim Hackett: Yes, Rod. And just to confirm there's that one truth, right, don't waste a crisis. So, I want to confirm to you that the attitude in the spirit is if we can speed things up or we can now have what I would say more productive discussions with social plans or governments, of course, all that's on the table. And the kinds of things that we would be working on but nothing to announce today.
Jim Hackett: Yes, thank you. Thank you, callers. As I mentioned this represents the third meta-level crisis I've been involved with as a CEO. And yes, this one not only tragically has had a larger human toll, it also represents a first where for all intents and purposes, the economy was turned off. In the face of all these events, I've been able to pay witness to those who rise to be better and likely surprise you with their resourcefulness, selflessness and ultimately resilience. Companies too define themselves in the times of crisis. We hope that we've been able to talk to you why we think you are seeing Ford at its best as we protected our people and we did all we can to serve our fellow men and we believe we safeguarded the bright future of Ford Motor Company. We look forward to sharing more of our response and the ideas that you've asked about and impact as there will be lingering effects of the virus until it is totally contained. With that, we're all adjourned and thank you for joining us tonight.
