Unknown Executive: Well, of course, we hope it's time-bounded by our upgrade to investment grade ratings. But yes, so this has worked very well for Ford Credit. It certainly allowed us to tap into investors who require investment grade rating. And of course, FUEL does carry investment grade rating. So we're very pleased with the results and hope that there's future transactions.
Unknown Executive: I think over time we'd like to see it back to the 10 to 11 range that we typically run for the credit company. We'll take the leverage up step-by-step and the $3 billion distribution that we're projecting for 2011 will help achieve some of that.
Unknown Executive: Look, we've been competing against banks and all others for over 50 years and been pretty successful at that. We're committed to financing Ford and Lincoln vehicles around the world. Our share is very good and has been very consistent. We go to the market consistently with the Motor Company. So to whatever extent competition acts, I think we're ready for it and our results are continuing to hold up.
Unknown Executive: All right. Well, as you know, Brian, we originate across the entire spectrum. And we do it consistently and we've done it consistently through time. It's something that our dealers expect, that the Motor Company expects and that our investors expect. We believe that we are able to go much deeper into the spectrum than others, and have been, and that hasn't changed for us, and we believe that's one of our competitive advantages. Regarding the industry, it is true that we have seen a little bit of change as other players get back into auto financing and a little bit stronger growth of what you might call, traditional sub-prime. For us, we haven't seen a change because our underwriting practices have stayed consistent.
Unknown Executive: That's a great question, [indiscernible]. I think we've learned over the years, when the market is offering you additional liquidity and I think in this case, it was clearly the market offering us liquidity, we're inclined to take that up. Liquidity has served us well and I think allows us great flexibility as we go forward.
Unknown Executive: It would probably be around the fourth quarter, most likely. Maybe in the third. We'll sort that out. Certainly, in the latter part of the year.
Unknown Executive: It's going to be consistent with our required tax obligations based on our profits in the last year, couple years.
Unknown Executive: Oh, I think we had sufficient liquidity knowing that we had some heavy maturities coming up in the first quarter and took care of those unsecured debt maturities. That's the primary reason for you to see the sequential change.
Unknown Executive: Basically, Mark, back in 2008, 2009, the Motor Company -- we go to market jointly with the Motor Company. And a couple of things happened: 1, our overall amount of leases that we offered in the market went out substantially; and 2, they primarily switched to offering 36-month. So we have a real dearth of 24-month contracts coming back really throughout the course of this year.
