Jim Farley: Thanks John. Before we turn it over to questions, I want to reiterate how proud I'm with this Ford team for its commitment to deliver on our plan, to fix automotive, to modernize the company, and to find ways to disrupt our business and the traditional auto industry to create value that will be rewarded - that will reward our stakeholders. On May 26, we will hold a virtual presentation for investment community where we plan to deep dive into our plan as Lynn said. We're going to cover how we're going to lead the electric vehicle revolution in areas that we're strong at Ford. Number two, we're going to build out our industry leading commercial vehicle business with products, but as well services that lead to growth and new revenue streams. And we're going to leverage our connected vehicles to transform the customer experience and truly shift Ford from a more traditional OEM to a company where the manufacture and sale of the vehicle is just the very first step, and then ever improving always on and far more rewarding customer experience. I so look forward to speaking to all of you soon as we continue our effort to create a Ford that can compete and especially win in this exciting new era of our industry. So with that, let's start the Q&A.
Jim Farley: We won't. Hi, it's Jim. I want to make it really clear John. That's not our intention. We're a smart team, we're running our business responsibly and there's real goodness here. This is - personally 10 years ago, I saw this industry go from 30-day supply way back up to 100 in 10 years, we're not going to let that happen. This is a better way to run our business, it's even more important now why? We get to move online. We get to use a reservation system with customers for most customers, when products are lean. We can simplify our sentence, we have the most complicated go-to-market system, I think on planet Earth. We could simplify all of that with tighter inventories. And it's better for the fitness. It also requires our industrial system to be more responsive. So no, I want to make it extremely clear to everyone, we are going to run our business with a lower day supply than we have had in recent past because that's good for our company and good for customers.
Jim Farley: Yes, we had a billion-dollar swing year-over-year. We've been at this for a long time in Europe. We're entering a new phase in Europe. So John, absolutely, the focus in Europe is in commercial vehicles and passion specialty passenger cars. In international markets it's the Ranger and derivatives of the Ranger. And in China, there's a - China like North America will have a more diverse product range than the other markets. But let's be really clear, we're doubling down on our iconic nameplates and building out a family of products. We just localized Explorer in China, it's doing great. Lincoln is profitable. I mean the growth rate in Lincoln in China and the profitability improvement as we localize to 90% as John said, it's been very encouraging to us. So in China and North America, we'll focus on these really passionate segments, where we think we naturally do well. But the big change is not just improving the profitability by simplifying where we compete. The big change in the company is going to be investing to an always on relationship with the customer. That is the real change at Ford. The change of simplifying our lineup and focusing on markets where we can be profitable is necessary. It's the important foundation. But what's sufficiency for us is to evolve into a different model with the customer. And you'll hear more about that in Capital Markets Day.
Jim Farley: Great question. Thank you, Colin. I would say it's difficult to make that judgment. If you look into change of inventory, which is I think, a great predictor of wholesale back in the quarter competitively. I think most of the major brands were impacted almost equally. So a lot of different news releases, a lot of different opaque data coming out. I can understand why you asked a question. We don't know yet, how this will play out competitively. But we do know, the first quarter actually played out a lot more evenly than maybe even we thought. As it goes on in the second half and into 2022, we're starting to grow in confidence that we can support our recovery volume, we think it's prudent to have the 10% in our planning, but we are going to work very hard to make sure that doesn't happen. It's just too early to tell. The Renesas impact we think is going to be largely finished by the second quarter, if they execute, and they're just in the middle of that right now. And so that kind of leads us back with the time when these foundries and how persistent that's going to be. And right now, I just think it's a little too early to declare what that's going to look like. But what we do know is the first quarter kind of turned out that most major players except for some of the companies who had buffer stock and saw this coming. They weren't affected. But I think Renesas now swept up almost everyone in the industry, just hard to tell how lumpy that's going to be across different brands.
Jim Farley: Thank you so much for asking this question. The answer is this is a very important announcement from Ford strategically. In the first inning we could buy off the shelf and cherry pick the technology and energy density and the cost. We've totally entered a different zone now, with our volumes - planned volumes going up so much. So we've already made the decision of vertically integrating the company. We're now building motors e-axles now. We've been writing our own battery management software for quite some time. And now it's time for us to lock in on the latest technology and to have a secure cell production relationship. There's no news to make today. But the reason why that Ion Park announcement is so important is because it's our place where we will learn. We will learn about with our partners how to transition to the very best in technology, energy density, the minerals, all the supply chain for batteries and cells, but also the manufacturability. And ultimately, I think to be competitive in this industry, a major brand like Ford will have to vertically integrate all the way through the system. It's just too early to make a bunch of announcements. But this is our dream team, who will be developing that capability in the company.
Jim Farley: Yes, that's - thanks, great question. So it is similar to what we saw last year. We're going to lose about 700,000 units, which said was 50%, roughly 50% of the planned production we had. Maybe you look at second quarter of last year and it was very similar to that. And I would say, as we got into this - through the quarter, we have seen the team identify opportunities to offset more of the impact than we had originally thought. That's why we're able to contain a much higher miss on the volumes within that original guidance and so the teams have been working extremely hard to bring the goodness that we're seeing in the core run rate of the business through and then to find other opportunities, so absolutely, in both of those.
Jim Farley: Thank you. The answer is, yes. We have learned a lot through this crisis that can be applied to many critical components. That will be the essence of our new business, our modernized Ford, and it goes far beyond semi chips, there are other components that are really key enablers. It was very interesting for me, personally as the CEO, to talk to many of our colleagues in other industries and to find out how common buffer stocks are and how common direct buys are for the width of boundaries. Even if the company still buys the components with the chips on them from a supplier, they still negotiated a direct deal. These are all on the table of Ford right now, as you can imagine, yet we're also thinking about what this means for the world of batteries, and silicon and all sorts of other components that are really mission critical for our company and our capability. When I look at the company and what we need to vertically integrate, these are the areas. These are the areas we're going to bet on moving inside the company for core competency. And as we do that the supply chain becomes even more critical, but we also know more about it. So thank you for the question and you can imagine everything is on the table like you mentioned, from buffer stocks to direct deals with the foundries.
Jim Farley: And Ryan just - it's Jim. Quickly, I'll be really quick. I've been in this business worked for different brands, I can't remember a time in my life, in my career, to have had so many hot products in one market like North America as Ford does right now. I mean, Mach-E sold out, Bronco Sport sold out, F Series sold out, Super Duty sold out, we have a very - our fresh new lineup is not only fresh, but it seems to be hitting the mark of the side case of the customer right now. And I don't know where that's going to take us. Yes, a really good question. I don't know where that's going to take us. But I do know it feels like we're going to be chasing demand for quite some time.
Jim Farley: Yes, I would say, we're definitely feeling the commodity headwind, as John said and inflation, it feels like we're seeing inflation in variety parts of our industry kind of in ways we haven't seen for many years. On the other hand, it feels like it's all due to a lot of one timers as the economy comes out of lockdown. So I think it's a bit too early to declare the run rate, where it's going to be, it's just too hard to tell from my standpoint. I will note though, based on your question that many of the vehicles that are supposedly ageing at Ford or normally would be ageing are still relatively new. Super Duty is relatively new, Explorer is relatively new. Yes, Escape - we have all the Lincoln lineup is brand new. So normally we wouldn't have so much new at the same time. And even the vehicles that are one or two years old are still relatively new in their segments.
John Lawler: Yes. Hi, Rod. Thanks. Good afternoon. That's a lot there. Let me see if I can unpack that and do justice to the question. So as you said, the run rate to the business is $8 billion to $9 billion. And without chips, we clearly believe that's where we would be. And I think you're seeing come through the quarter a combination of things, as I said, in my remarks, you're seeing the strength of the underlying businesses improving and you're seeing that come through. You saw that in the redesign of our overseas operations. You saw that in warranty expense improving, right? Those are two things that we said we needed to improve in our business as we move forward through the redesign, and you're seeing that come through. You're also seeing the strength of our new products. Now, it's a little opaque, I think, for people to say, well, you also saw considerable pricing opportunity because of supply and demand imbalances. That is true. But so we go back and we look at what's happened with the pricing for our products, since we started the redesign, the refresh. And that's where we come back to. Since 2019, if you look at our price increases, our average transaction price increase compared to what's happened in the industry, our transaction prices have increased $1900 more than the industry. So that strength is flowing through. Now we had additional pricing opportunity in Q1 due to the supply demand and - supply and demand imbalance. And so that hit the quarter as well. We also saw a very strong mix in the quarter. As we had lower production, so we optimized the production to our higher margin and higher mix vehicles. So we saw that flow through as well. So you're seeing that combination happen and impact as in Q1. Now remember for the year, as we go through the year, we're also going to see a significant headwind from commodities. We saw very little commodity impact in Q1. That's because we still had our contracts from last year in place and we had our hedging. And so as we go through the year, we expect as contracts roll off, and we've seen the commodity prices increase primarily for aluminum, steel and in precious metals, we expect to see about a $2.5 billion increase in commodities Q2 through Q4. So that's going to hit us as we go through the rest of the year. We also won't have the non-recurrence of the $900 million Rivian gain. And we also expect that as we go through the quarter, and we get to more normalized levels of production albeit we said 10% lower in the second-half, we should start to see more and a gradual normalization of those incentives that we experienced in the first quarter the benefit of that. And then at Ford Credit, we did benefit again in the first quarter from the strong residual values and we do expect those to moderate as we go through the rest of the year. So we've taken all that into account as we've gone through. And I'd have to say that, what's encouraging to me and what the team has been able to do is we've been able to maintain the impact of the semiconductor chips to that high end of our range, the $2.5 billion, despite the volume impact growing significantly.
John Lawler: Absolutely, that is the run rate leading into next year. And we still have new products, Bronco, coming this year, the two and four door. We have some surprises Jim talked about, we have the F-150 Electric, we have the Transit Electric. So we have more products coming next year. We're going to continue to be aggressive. Our cost structure pushing that. And the other thing that we're learning coming out of this situation that we're in is how do you operate in a lean environment? And we've learned some quite a few good things about operating with leaner inventory. So I think there's opportunities there as well as we head into 2022. So absolutely, the eight to nine is a launching pad, we see that as a launching pad into 2022.
John Lawler: So we've been doing quite a bit, of course, to get customers vehicles, to move people to more on order process, we've made changes to our processes to lower the gap between the time and order goes into the time we can deliver the order. And we're also seeing that as we look at making these types of changes to modernizing or improving our processes in a lower inventory environment, you get benefits across the patch, right? It would allow us to have lower capital required at Ford Credit, if we have to finance less dealer inventory for our dealers. That could free up some capital to invest in other growth areas. We would see better quality, because we'd have fresher vehicles and vehicles wouldn't be sitting on classes long. We'd have improved dealer profitability, because they wouldn't be financing that floor plan and we'd have lower incentives. We believe we'd have low incentives, because we'd have quick returning vehicles and we'd have higher orders. So as we're working through this lower inventory and these opportunities that we're seeing today, we're working on how we make them a normal part of our business as we go forward.
John Lawler: Thanks, Ryan. So I think we have to go back and just ground ourselves again, in that run rate of the business of 8 billion to 9 billion. And I don't want to get too far out ahead of ourselves on North America and what this quarter might mean for the run rate going forward. Given as you said, there's just a lot of moving parts within this quarter. I think the team's done a great job of managing through it. We really saw the 8 billion to 9 billion as the run rate heading into '22. We're going to do everything we can to continue to drive margin improvement, both here and overseas. And the team is focused and Jim's pushing us really hard to continue to modernize and improve the business in every place that we can. But as far as trying to predict coming out of this quarter what that means for the margin in North America in putting a number on the table. I'm not going to do that right now.
John Lawler: No, the quarter did not play out as we originally expected, right. It came in much better, we did not expect that we would be able to more than offset all of the impact of the chips in the quarter, which was 17%, or about 200,000 units. So we saw incredible opportunity there from the industry wide supply and demand imbalance. So we saw pricing increase significantly. We also then, because of the supply imbalance, we really pushed hard on mix. So those were things that allowed us to improve the quarter. We did not expect to use vehicle prices to increase 14% in the quarter. And they did and that helped. And that was part of what's happened with Ford Credit and the performance of Ford Credit. And then as we go through the year Emmanuel, one of the things that did not hit us in the first quarter that's going to hit us through the rest of the year is the commodity cost increases that come in quite significantly through Q2 to Q4. So those are some of the things that are coming back and are going to come through in the second half of the year. And then the other thing is as production normalizes a bit and supply and demand comes worn balance, we do expect that we should see some of this pricing that we saw in the first quarter moderate a bit. And we should see some of that happen through the second quarter - through the second half of the year.
John Lawler: When we had first looked at it, we thought it was going to be significant, somewhere between 1.5 billion to 2 billion. So it's slightly higher than where we had thought coming into the year.
John Lawler: Yes, so in Europe this is the second strong quarter that Ford of Europe is printed for us. And I think what you're seeing there is the redesign flowing through and showing up significantly again in this quarter. And of course, the market was aided a bit by what we're seeing the dynamics in this quarter, but the fundamental underlying strength of the business in Europe has improved. We took over a billion dollars of structural costs out as we relooked at the footprint. We've moved into commercial vehicles and improved our share there. We have a higher mix of utilities. All of that is providing a much stronger business for us in Europe. And you've seen that two quarters in a row now. Then when we look at South America, we reduced our volumes significantly and we improved our profitability. And that just comes back to the point that we brought to the market and we are and now we're going to focus on our higher margin vehicle or smaller footprint or smaller business down there leaning into Ranger in Transit, which are good vehicles in the market. And they're strong vehicles for us as a company and so you're starting to see that redesign really take hold.
