John Lawler: So let me clarify a few things, Adam, on that, is that it's not an option for us not to be compliant. If you don't comply with your ZEV or your greenhouse gas emissions requirements, you can't pay fines. What happens is you can't sell, and that's consistent across the industry. So it’s -- that's for all OEMs. All OEMs are under those rules. And so there's really three levers that we have. We can sell EVs and hybrids, we can sell fewer ICE, or we can contract to buy credits from another OEM. And when we do contract to buy credits, we will disclose that as we did in our 10-K at the end of the year. And so those are the three levers. And we, I would say, monthly, if not weekly, are working to optimize across those three levers to drive the highest profitability and the highest cash flow for the company. So to continue to sell the ICE vehicles, we are going to need to sell EVs, and we're going to optimize across the profitability. Now the most important thing, as Jim said, is we need to get the EV business to stand on its own, to be profitable, and return on the capital we've invested, and then all the levers will be accretive to Ford and we'll be able to make it really positive. So that's what we're focused on, and that's what I intended to communicate earlier today.
John Lawler: In the first quarter, there wasn't anything material. And as we go through the year, if it's the right lever to pull, as I said as we're optimizing, we will report it.
John Lawler: Yeah. So, thank you. So we have our stated policy, as you said, 40% to 50% of free cash flow. Our balance sheet is strong. Our cash position, we ended the year strong. We're at $25 billion this quarter when we talked about the fact that our guidance for this year went up. So when we look at it, we believe that right now in the transition point for the industry, we would rather invest in accretive growth opportunities. And we've always said that if those opportunities don't come to fruition, then we'll need to look at other allocation decisions that we would need to make, but we're not there yet. So we're continuing to talk about this as a team consistently. But we think at this point, the position we're at, we're comfortable with, given where we're at in the transition. We'll pay out the 40%, 50% of free cash flow. The last couple of years, it's been at the high end of that range. And eventually, as we continue to execute on our Ford+ plan, if those accretive opportunities to allocate capital for additional accretive growth aren't there, then we'll look at other ways of returning that cash to our shareholders.
John Lawler: Yes. So we are -- I don't know, it's a cliche, I guess, laser-focused on the -- all the costs around Model e. And for the year, when you look at -- well, let's just take it back up a second. The last couple of years, when you look at Model e, we've actually reduced the cost of our vehicles significantly. On Mach-E, we've taken over $5,000 of cost out, but the revenue keeps dropping faster than we're able to take out the cost. And we're being very thoughtful about what we're putting in as far as structural costs, et cetera. And so we're going to continue to work on driving every dollar of cost out of the business in the near term. And if the pricing stabilizes and we don't see these significant reductions continuing across the industry, then I think that you could probably start to see some of those cost reductions flow to the bottom line. But so far, the last 12 to 18 months, it's just been a continuous march down on the top line, which is offsetting any of the savings we've had from a cost standpoint. So it's in our control. We have to take cost out. We know that. That's what we're marching towards. And we're understanding the dynamics and the competitiveness of the market equation as we set up the cost structure for our second-gen vehicles. And as Jim said, we pushed out the three-row SUV because we need more cost to come out of that for that to be at the margin levels we expect.
John Lawler: Yeah. So you look at that, most of the cost this quarter was up in Ford Pro and is all related to the material costs for our new product launches, both the Super Duty and the Transit that we launched in Europe as well as manufacturing costs for the increased volumes that we're bringing across, as Jim mentioned. So that's what drove most of the cost increase in the quarter. We're on track to deliver the $2 billion of cost reductions we talked about at the beginning of the year of raw manufacturing costs, material costs as well as freight and overhead. And so you'll start to see that really gain traction as we move through the second half of the year. And that's when you'll start to see it on our quarterly results.
John Lawler: So let me unpack that. So for the year, we're not projecting or sharing where we expect the cost to come down. If you look at what recently happened in the quarter when it comes to pricing on Model e, we had entered the year assuming that prices would come down about 20%. They came down much more than that. We had to take our prices down [in the] (ph) 17% to remain competitive, and mass competition as we went through the quarter. So we've seen prices coming down quite dramatically, and that's why we haven't been able to keep up from a cost reduction standpoint. Look, we're targeting to take out as much cost this year as we can on Model e and all in the spirit of driving towards that contribution margin positive so we can have some leverage as we move volumes through the chain. So that definitely is our intention as we continue to work on Model e in the near term.
John Lawler: Yeah. So what you saw in pickups for us as we came out of the end of last year into the first quarter of this year here in the US is we built up stock as we knew we were coming into the launch. So we built stocks of '23 models. And then we were selling those down in the first quarter throughout the majority of the quarter. And that's why you saw, to stay competitive with our competitors that had '24 year model pickup trucks, we saw some top line coming down. So we had higher incentives to sell the '23 model year longer through the quarter. You see now that our '24 F-150s are at dealers and selling. They're turning in about seven days. You'll see, as you look at the data, that our average transaction prices are going up and our incentive spend is coming down because of the '24 year mix. So that's a big part of what moved it for us on pickup trucks. And it was -- because we're such a big player, it was moving in [Technical Difficulty]
John Lawler: Yes, that's come down considerably, and if you look at us on an overall basis, our dealer day supply is mid-50s. Yeah. We're completely out of stock on Rangers. Maverick is like 30-day supply or something like that. F-150 came down because we had quite a few '23s. But now with the launch and the quality effort, I think the stocks are really in good shape. And Super Duty, we have very few in stock for retail. Yeah. So you've got to look at the dealer day supply, and that's in a good place.
John Lawler: Yeah. First quarter pricing held up pretty well, Q4 into Q1. From a planning perspective, we assume that the industry, we expect to see pricing pressure of about 2% negative pricing across the industry. And it really comes back to affordability. Many folks across the industry have been talking about pricing coming down, though what -- and it hasn't. And again, we saw in the first quarter that it remained pretty robust. But we keep looking at it from an affordability standpoint, from the consumer perspective. And when you look at where consumers were pre-COVID, then we had the supply shocks and we had a very imbalance between supply and demand. But now as that's normalized, we would expect that affordability should go back to where it was pre COVID, and that's about 13% to 14% of monthly disposable income. And you also have to factor in right now with interest rates, that payment prices have gone up, insurance rates have gone up as well as maintenance rates. And so when you take all that together, we think about affordability, we say, okay, if you're going to be back towards that range of affordability for the consumer, then prices are going to have to come off a couple of points or so across the industry. And so that's how we think about it and that's what we have planned. And we'll see where that runs with Q2 and then as we go through the second half of this year.
John Lawler: So when you look at it, it's clear that when the EV craze started, right, it was -- it looked like demand was going to be well long supply. But that was with the early adopters and they were willing to pay a higher price. What we're finding with being in the marketplace is that EV prices are normalizing, and our early majority customers are not willing to pay a premium. And that's what we're seeing. And so we think that prices for EVs are going to normalize around where gas is and the consumers are going to weigh the value proposition of that propulsion choice, either for their duty cycle, what works for them, either it's going to be an EV or a traditional ICE engine or a diesel or a hybrid. And pricing is going to have to be relatively consistent across all choices of propulsion, and a customer will make a choice based on the value of that. And that's how we're building the business model for electric vehicles. I don't think that you're going to find that you're going to have electric vehicles well below gas prices unless there's so much capacity pushing against the demand curve, and it's an imbalance on that end of it. But eventually, rational players will have to come to the marketplace.
John Lawler: Yes. We expect high single-digit growth in the Model e, primarily with the launch of the Explorer, as Jim mentioned, in Europe. When you look at the average selling price with the math, it's difficult because of the quarter. So we had quite a few units in stock. And as we saw the competitive pricing in the industry come down, we took our prices down, too. So then we had to take the prices down of all units in stock equally, and that was about $300 million of impact there. So when you look at the tenth of revenue for the quarter for Model e, you need to add that $300 million in, if you want to do the math based on the wholesales in the quarter.
John Lawler: Yeah. So majority of them are going to be towards the second half. I'm really encouraged by the progress that Kumar and the industrial platform are making around the design changes. And those design changes are trying to be implemented as we get the new model year changeover in the second half and as we bring vehicles online in the second half. So that's one area where I've seen tremendous progress by the Ford teams. They're working on those design reductions to come through. The other area we're seeing progress is in manufacturing, and Bryce and his team as they're working to drive efficiencies to help offset the increases we have this year based on the contract that we signed last year. So in both areas, I'm seeing green shoots there. And Liz is doing a really nice job on the supply chain side as well. We've got better systems and tools and processes. We're working more collaboratively with the supply base. She's changing the culture. And so across all three of those areas in the industrial platform between what Kumar is doing, leading the team with Bryce and Liz, we're seeing green shoots, and we're confident on the $2 billion this year, but mostly timed towards the second half.
Jim Farley: Thank you, Adam. And first of all, thanks for your report on Pro. I appreciate you taking the time to understand the business. Look, I mean, we -- as John mentioned, we have to make tremendous progress on Model e. It's a huge drag not just on Ford but on our whole industry, even for pure-play EV players. So -- and we're very clear-eyed about that. We're very committed to transparency. A lot of OEMs will handle EVs very different. We won't. It's like if we had an unprofitable regional business and we rolled it up and it wouldn't be transparent to investors, we would never do that. We're not going to do that with EVs, and we're not going to subsidize our Pro and Blue business by not being transparent about e. It's how we run the business. I think investors should understand for me as a leader is that we're going to build a sustainably profitable EV business with terminal value. And we -- and it needs to return the cost of capital on its own and not be subsidized as I mentioned. And the real turning point for us not only is our flat cost in Model e this year, but most importantly, it will be the profitability in our next cycle of products. And I'm proud of the work that our team has done to make the adjustments in our capital spending and to make sure that all of our next EVs are profitable. And the evidence will be there. And I think that is the main drag on the company right now as it will be for the whole industry. Blue is in really good shape. I wonder out loud, Adam, if everyone really understands the resilience of the Pro business over time. We're very profitable now, but we believe that this business will be profitable and durable for many years to come. And I'm not sure the full market understands that personally. I know you've gone through the business, understanding the demand, and I encourage everyone to understand and ask us more questions about Pro. Thanks.
Jim Farley: Hi, John. We made a lot of capacity decisions several years ago on hybrid, and I'm very thankful we did. For example, we just radically increased the capacity for F-150 that we're launching now up to 25%. And it takes, as you said, it takes a long time for suppliers to ramp to that capacity. It's not assembly capacity that’s a constraint. So that 400,000 is almost double what we did a couple of years ago. That was all very intentional. And we made the decision a couple of years ago to actually make hybrid more pervasive in our lineup, and we're actually now going to -- we've now committed publicly we're going to offer hybrid on all of our vehicles across our lineup. And of course, the capacity has to be there. But if you look at the pricing premium today, which is maybe the most important thing to look for because now that contribution margin for hybrid is covering the cost of the hybrid incremental material cost, that's really a meaningful development. And I think we're in good shape. Of course, our hybrid business is different than the others. We're number three in the US. Number one and number two is of course Toyota and Honda. But our hybrid capacity is in trucks. That's where most of our hybrid sales are in North America. And we don't see a lot of competition so far for that business. We'll see over time. So I feel really good about the decisions we made several years ago about our capacity expansion. Will it be more than 40% growth? It could be. And I think we have flexibility. Now we have really meaningful scale for our suppliers. A lot of our competitors will be starting from scratch.
Jim Farley: It's true. The demand on Pro is fundamentally different than retail. There's no doubt about it. Our retail customers are not re-fleeting. They're not doing roadworks and 5G infrastructure build-out. I mean, these are all fundamental drivers. The ambulance market in the US, the average ambulance is 15 years old. I mean, they've been waiting for Transits for a long time. We're now increasing our capacity, which is great. But I mean, we're oversubscribed on the new Super Duty 2:1. So I wish I could say we got that right. We didn't, but we are expanding capacity. I think -- and we have this freshest lineup that we've never had. So we have this kind of double opportunity. Our lineup is fresh. We have the most choice. At the same time, our customers are in kind of white-hot demand that we saw in retail two years ago during the supply shock. And we're doing everything we can to increase our capacity for our customers. It's very frustrating for them.
Jim Farley: On Pro, obviously, Q1, Pro is really structured not necessarily on traditional demand like retail. It's actually deliveries. So our delivery volume in Q1, it's kind of -- it's a cyclical business globally and we have a lot of strong delivery in the first quarter just because of the contractual agreements with our customers, including fleetail. And when you look at the rest of the year, we have shutdowns. There are a lot of other -- we have launches. There are a lot of reasons why we feel really comfortable even with the strong result in the first quarter, that our guidance is still accurate for Ford Pro, given all the puts and takes. But we'll revisit in the second quarter. We'll see how pricing lands. We're going to be doing quite a bit of fleetail business this quarter as well as looking at locking in pricing for some of our large corporate fleets later in the year. So we're going to learn a lot more this quarter on whether there's tailwinds or headwinds on Pro.
Jim Farley: I would say we're seeing real benefits to our customers and the company, I believe, long term in taking this new approach to launches. It also requires our industrial system under Kumar to work differently, to solve problems, to do different kinds of testing and that goes into kind of our longer-term lessons learned. And we're now really spending a lot of time on long-term durability, which is an area where Ford has standards but maybe didn't look to lead the industry, which we now look to. And so we're not going to change our approach to these launches. We think this new more measured approach with more physical testing, a lot more time for problem solving for our team is the right approach for the company in the midterm and long term. We do have some very significant launches coming up. We have Explorer and Aviator as you mentioned, which are high volume in both North America. And in China, we have a new wave, we call Wave 2 for the one-ton Transit in Europe, which is super profitable. And we're going to be building and launching the higher-end derivatives of that. We have the Bronco in China. I mean, I can go on and on. We have a freshened Maverick and Bronco Sport coming and even more models than that. So given all that complexity, it's actually even more important for us to take our time. And it may, like quarter one, it may mean that in some quarter ends, we may have some company stock and [plants] (ph) to make sure that we do the right thing on quality. So our earnings may be a little bit lumpy. We'll see how that works out based on this new approach.
Jim Farley: It's a good question. So I would say mostly, it's taking our current internal combustion engines and adding new hybrid components and doing the engineering to fit that. Look at the T6 platform. We had the Ranger. We had the Everest, we have the Bronco. That's an obvious candidate. We have our full-size SUVs, candidate. We have the Explorer platform. And I think we're lucky. We have the right engines. Some of them may have to go to an [action] (ph) cycle engine from a normal combustion cycle. We have the components in our system from the hybrid, the torque splitting devices that -- we do have to up the investment in some capacities like our hybrid transmissions, but we've made the decision to do that already and that's in our spending plan this year. I think we're in really good shape. It doesn't require wholesale inventing new powertrains. But it does involve some engineering and investment in capacity. I would say kind of modest investments, mostly in the capacity side and some engineering.
Jim Farley: I just want to emphasize, I don't think there's a brand out there that has a Maverick. That's pretty much alone in the segment, and we still are in a supply shock for Maverick. It's one of our fastest-growing vehicles. We have an all-new F-150 with a hybrid option, as John said, turning really fast. We have a Super Duty on the Pro side that's oversubscribed 2:1, and we have a brand-new Ranger. So we're a bit of a unicorn in the sense that yes, we're big, and there is some risk. But I would say the risk is for people who have aged product. And I think Ford is in a particularly advantaged situation.
Jim Farley: We launched our first small SUV this year in Europe in Cologne, our Explorer to two-row crossover. It's a relatively small vehicle certainly in the U.S. And you can expect, as I mentioned several times, that our new affordable platform will be used for most of our volume in their next cycle of product. What's really exciting for us is that we see an opening in the market. We see a lot of brands having to launch compliance vehicles that lose money, and they probably don't want to sell a lot of volume but they have to. We believe that we can be profitable at $25,000 to $30,000 so it's a huge opportunity for Ford. And what we're learning with BlueCruise and our Protiviti software on Pro is that all those vehicles will be great platforms for software and services. And so we're really excited about that new more affordable vehicle lineup, starting with Explorer in Europe this year.
Jim Farley: I would say that the biggest leverage on the battery cost is still going to be taking nickel out of them and those kind of things. It's great to see the easing of some of the raw materials, and that will definitely cascade into our business, depending on our contracts. I think the most important thing strategically is to get to new chemistries that have a lot less expensive materials in them. And we see that right around the corner at Ford. And we're changing our launch timing to take advantage of that.
Jim Farley: And one of the most important priorities for us as a team is to take that cost out and improve quality at the same time. So on the design side, for example, we have specific windows where the team can make design changes and not to protect our quality. I just want to emphasize that because we're trying to do both at the same time, improve quality and improve our costs in the industrial system. And to do that, we have to be very intentional.
