Lewis W. K. Booth: Okay. Let me try and frame this. I think, for the obvious external reasons, we remain cautious about the economic development of Europe. Very different by country: some countries well in recession; some countries perhaps on the verge of recession; and 1 or 2 countries continue to do okay. We haven't seen dramatic volume drops, although we have seen incentive spending increase. Encouragingly for the Ford team, we've seen, as you said, net pricing improvements. We've achieved positive pricing that more than offset the increased incentive spending. So I think our overall caution is around the customers' concern about the economic environment. And it's hard, just where we stand at the moment, Himanshu, to say is it going to show in volume or is it going to -- with volumes coming off a bit more. Or is it going to show in incentive activities, with incentive spending going up a little bit, because as you know, we've been restructuring the European business, really, for over a decade. But there's still -- most of our competitors have tremendous amount of open capacity, which results in some incentive activity levels that isn't great for the business.
Lewis W. K. Booth: It's too early for us to give you a clear view of that. I think, as you think about the Automotive business, we're guiding the total Automotive, we expect to be up year-over-year. But we're not giving a guidance on Europe for the moment.
Lewis W. K. Booth: 2011 came in at close to 77 million. So it was like 76.8 million or 76.9 million or so. Global industry tends to carry on counting for a few weeks after the end of the year, so it's moving up towards 77 million.
Lewis W. K. Booth: No. The guidance is less than $2 billion. You're seeing an increase in structural costs associated with our growth plans, both in continued investment in new capacity around the world, continued investments in new products around the world and then continued efforts by Jim Farley and the team to get the message out through advertising and sales promotion to continue to improve the brand around the world. So it's really associated with the growth of the business.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Well, as we said, I think several quarters in a row, we expect to see continued improvements in net pricing -- but slowing down. I think, slowing down for a couple of reasons. One, as you said, the comps are more challenging. But really, the plan around the North American recovery was to have low-cost products and to achieve competitive transaction prices, and we are closing the gap with the best of the competition. So there's less gap to close as we continue going through our new product launches. But the other key to the North American plan is to keep products fresh. And I think you could -- if you were at the Detroit show, you could see the real efforts going on to continue to have really fresh products, not just in North America but around the world. And that's the underlying -- that's what ONE Ford is about: great products, fresh around the world, earning competitive transaction prices with competitive cost because of the scale we can generate.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Let me talk about the operating-related cash flow first. Yes, we do expect it to be stronger. I think if you think about it as probably comparable with this year but adjusted for the increased CapEx we're expecting. We're guiding to more than $1 billion of incremental CapEx this year, so if you think about it as comparable, adjusted for the CapEx levels. We're not giving out specific details of retail and retail share. We think we're talking about total share being equal or slightly improved.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Well, that's one of the major factors of our outlook for Ford Credit being lower in 2012 than 2011. We've been guiding for some quarters the very favorable factors associated with very strong residual values on the vehicles being returned from lease and astonishingly good performance by our book, with our customers really paying for their vehicles. We did expect those to be tailing off in the period. We're now at record low credit loss reserve, so there's no more credit loss reserve to release. In fact, as our receivables start to grow, as we've guided, you can expect us to actually increase our credit loss reserves a little. So yes, those are the significant parts of the year-over-year reduction.
Lewis W. K. Booth: We saw commodity cost come off a bit in the fourth quarter, and we're seeing that sort of levels in the first quarter. But we do expect commodity cost to be up a little bit year-over-year. But if you think on a year-over-year comparison, we'll have -- got the benefit of hedging, we've got the non-repeat of hedging losses that we saw in 2011, and we've got some modest commodity cost increases. But net, we don't expect it to be material.
Lewis W. K. Booth: It's lower. If you separate out between wholesale and retail, it's stronger on wholesale -- most of our deals are financed through Ford Credit, and a bit lower on retail.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Yes. I mean, I think you can watch our behavior. We'll keep the credit company well funded. It's an important asset both here and in Europe, and we're not going to deflect from that plan. And we're comfortable that we can do that. Just one other observation about Ford Credit because I was describing the year-over-year reduction. I think we can expect to see a bit of pressure on margins because we are moving some of our borrowing towards unsecured. So we can see -- as well as the factors we've been talking about, I think you can see a bit of pressure on margins because of that.
Lewis W. K. Booth: No, it varies by manufacturer. It varies quite significantly by country. We'll stick to our process of not chasing marginal business.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Adam, we should comment. Clearly, in some of the peripheral markets in Europe, there's tremendous pressure on the consumer. And we've seen some pressure there, but that's not material to the Ford Credit business.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Yes, we've got a huge amount of product launches -- not just the major car lines you're talking, but continued expansion of EcoBoost, for example. The biggest periods of launch are the second and third quarter, but you can expect us right through the year to have a lot of launch activities. So in the second and third quarter, you'll, in particular, see some manufacturing launch losses. But you'll also see we've got capacity actions. So we've got third shifts coming on in 3 of our plants, with a second shift coming on in Kansas City truck. And they're spread, I think, mostly in the first half. And then you'll see -- if you think about structural cost, you'll see the advertising and sales promotion that goes with all those product launches. So I mean, actually, it's going to be a pretty busy year. I know Mark is sweating with the thought of it, but excited because -- I just want to get back to the thesis. If you come on to our stand [ph] at Detroit, you see what our future looks like -- I mean, just great product.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Let me try and give you a sort of slightly broader answer. I think what we're seeing in South America and Brazil, in particular, is a sort of a change in the environment. The way the real has strengthened so dramatically has attracted people in, importers that typically hadn't been a big player in the marketplace. And that put pressure on pricing for a couple reasons. One, just increased competition. And secondly, those importers were bringing in global products, whereas historically, most of South America was really operating on legacy products. So what we've seen is -- in the typical past of Brazil with high inflation, high local inflation and the exchange rate variability, we could price to offset that. What we saw in the fourth quarter is that ability to price to offset -- in the fourth quarter, both pretty high local inflation and deterioration in the -- weakening of the currency, we couldn't price to offset that. As we look forward, I think the real key is we are moving towards our global products. And we'll see, starting in the second half -- and no secret, we showed it at Delhi, the new EcoSport, a tremendously important product for South America. And starting from then, we'll potentially have a complete transformation of the product line from historically legacy platforms and local solutions to global platforms and global solutions. And by the mid-decade, we'll have 16 new products, 15 of which will be on global platforms. So I think that's the sort of transition you can see in the market. And I think -- as you think about 2012, I think we would expect to see the second half better than the first half because of the launch of the new products.
Lewis W. K. Booth: And I talked about EcoSport in the second half. I should also -- we're very excited about Ranger because Ranger is going to be important around the world, and it's going to be in South America in the second half of this year.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Well, in terms of our structural cost, we still got some period to go because, as we said, we broke ground on 4 new plants in Asia-Pacific last year. We've got 7 plants in Asia-Pacific under construction now. As our volumes grow, we'll have increased manufacturing cost just because of our volumes growing. And as we want to continue to improve our brand, we'll have increased advertising and sales promotion. So I think it's too early to say we'll get to a plateau. It's something we pay a lot of attention on in the Thursday meetings. It's something that gets discussion at every Thursday meeting. In terms of foreign exchange, I wouldn't want to guess on that.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Dee-Ann, I think, really, it's more noise than any signal. I mean, it was only a very small change, so I don't -- we don't see any signals in that. It's just the timing of the orders.
Lewis W. K. Booth: We're being very careful on inventories. In the U.S., we had some dealer stock build in the fourth quarter, but it was really to make sure we had the inventories that are now -- to support the going rate in terms of days supply. I think we're at 58 days, which is just slightly actually lower than our typical level. So I think, as you've seen over the last several quarters -- in fact, several years, Mark and the team have done a really nice job of matching our production with demand. We do see our running rate -- the industry running rate is going up. So you can expect to see dealer stock levels increase a little bit as the industry goes up, but not our days supply. We'll keep our days supply well under control.
Lewis W. K. Booth: The freight cost increase we've seen is really associated with the premium freight we've had to enable to support our plants for a couple of reasons. One, during the year, as we went through the tsunami crisis and then the Thailand crisis, we had to sort of accelerate our supply lines by putting stuff in air and premium freight. And then as we've grown, our suppliers in 1 or 2 cases have struggled a little bit to keep up with us. And again, we've had to have some premium freight to keep the plants going. So it's more expedited freight cost levels rather than specific ambient freight costs.
Lewis W. K. Booth: David, when we're ready to talk about our other plans, we'll talk about it at the appropriate time. We're not ready to talk about things we have in mind.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Well, as we guided, we expect, with both asset returns -- a return to a more normalized discount rate -- I mean, the discount rate is at historic lows, and our cash contributions, we expect overall, our funded pension plans to be fully funded by the end of the plan period, so in the next few years. Obviously, there were 3 caveats you just heard, but that's what we expect.
Lewis W. K. Booth: Yes. I mean, we would expect North America to continue to be an extremely strong contributor to the business, I think, for a couple of reasons. One, it is our largest business unit by some, and more importantly, it's operating in a gradually expanding environment. And then also within North America, by far, the dominant part of Ford Credit's profits are earned in North America. Europe, you've heard us express some caution about giving guidance. South America, we expect to be strongly profitable next year, although perhaps a little bit lower than this year. In Asia-Pacific, we expect to return to profitability. But within that context and within the fact we're investing for the future and many of the other reasons, we expect North America to be a very strong contributor to 2012.
Lewis W. K. Booth: As I said earlier, we expect to see continued net pricing opportunities. We're seeing a fairly stable pricing environment in the U.S. And as our products continue to get great, every time we launch a new product, we close the gap. And I think we'll continue to do that.
Alan R. Mulally: Himanshu, I might just add to Lewis' comments that we have been continuing to restructure Europe over the years, and we are at about 93% utilization of our capability. And in addition to that, it was really important on our ONE Ford plan to accelerate the development of the new products that we believe the European customers want and value. And also, in 2012, we'll be launching 10 new or significantly refreshed vehicles, including the all-new Ranger, the B-MAX and the Kuga. So I think both on the revenue side, in addition to our continuing matching the real production -- our production to the real demand, that we have opportunities both on the revenue side and the production side.
Alan R. Mulally: Yes, exactly, we're ahead of plan. The new vehicle has been very well received and very, very competitive.
Alan R. Mulally: If you look in Appendix 17, John, it gives you a breakdown of our receivables by our North America and international.
Alan R. Mulally: I would put both of those in there, John, because clearly, the expansion in the world economy and the industry is a plus, but also the power of capturing the value of the ONE Ford plan, as we've talked about. And we -- as we've talked about, we are just on the beginning of being able to capture that value because as we move to our global platforms and our aligned business framework with our suppliers worldwide over the next 2 or 3 years, we're going to have -- nearly 85% of our volume is going to be on these 9 platforms. And as we continue to implement this across the product line, we'll continue to reap the benefits and the value of that. So I'd say I'd have both of those in there.
Alan R. Mulally: I think that's a little bit too fine. But to your point, we're clearly -- as we talked about a little bit earlier, we're clearly seeing us closing the gap on the value of the products, based on the quality and the features and the fuel efficiency and the smart-design features. People really are valuing the Ford product line, so I think we'll continue to stay competitive that way. We'll see the volume increase, and then we'll see continuing year-after-year increase in the productivity, including the investment efficiency because of the ONE Ford global platforms also.
Alan R. Mulally: Oh, you bet. Well, it's just fantastic. The way we manage the business has enabled us in the past and now to move decisively to the changing conditions. And to your point, every Thursday, we review everything: macro environment worldwide; also where we are versus the plan; areas that need special attention. Clearly, what we're working on now for this year is to continue to improve an already very well operating operation in North America. We're strengthening and growing our profitable South American operations in the face of the increasing competition, as we talked about. We're ensuring that our European operation remains on track to deliver sustainable and appropriate returns in an uncertain environment, as we've discussed, using our ONE Ford plan; and of course, continuing to implement growth and increasing profit contribution from Asia-Pacific going forward; and as we've covered today, continuing to really perform in Ford Credit. So if you look at all that together, then you come back to our plan, the thing that's enabling us to respond decisively around the world is the fact we have dramatically simplified and focused our Ford plan. So we're continuing to match production to the real demand. We're continuing to accelerate the development of new products. And as we just talked about, we're looking to accelerate getting the value out of our ONE Ford plan, led by the global platforms and the simplification of the product line and also expanding our market presence around the world. So the ONE Ford plan, the way we manage the business is continuing to serve us very well.
Alan R. Mulally: Well, as you well know, the fundamental strategy is to manage for profitable growth. And in Brazil, specifically, as we've talked about, the market is becoming more competitive. And again, based on matching the production to the real demand -- and also in Brazil, the introduction of all the new vehicles that we have that are moving onto the global platforms for the first time, we're going to be able to work the revenue side even much better in addition to working our fundamental productivity with the global platform. So Brazil is going to continue to be a really good market for us.
Alan R. Mulally: Well, we are. And I think that's an important question because we're continuing to utilize even more our lower-cost operations in Turkey and Romania. And we're also -- as you know, we've just signed a very mutually beneficial joint venture with Sollers in Russia. And so we are nearly tripling our production capacity there to serve the Russian market, which is going to be, over the next year or so, probably the biggest market in Europe. So we'll continue to look at the balance of our production throughout Western and Eastern Europe and Turkey. But again, I think the most important thing, as Lewis mentioned, is that we have continued to work the structure and the competitiveness of Europe over the years. And this is just a tough last year, especially with the commodities and the economy slowing down and the industry slowing down. But I think the fact that we have been working and we continue to work is -- I think we'll be in very competitive shape going forward.
Alan R. Mulally: I might just add also that in the fourth quarter specifically, nearly 50% of that deterioration was exchange. And just one more comment, building on what Lewis shared, is as we introduce our new ONE Ford global platforms, we're going to be increasing our market coverage from 67% up to nearly 82% with our new family of vehicles. So we have some real opportunities to serve new market segments going forward also with products that are going to have a lot more value and a lot more competitiveness.
Alan R. Mulally: But clearly, it's part of our plan to grow towards that mid-decade guidance that we gave, that we're going to move up to around 8 million vehicle production, as well as moving the guidance up to 8% to 10% -- the margins up to 8% to 10%. And that's fueled by especially the growth in Asia-Pacific, as Lewis mentioned, both on the product line coverage as well as the new production facilities.
Alan R. Mulally: And Dee-Ann, like we've talked about, the fleet is really good business, dominated by the companies, and a very big and important part of our plan.
Alan R. Mulally: No, not all. And just with that one specific, I think our new Interceptor, and the fact that it was designed in concert with the police throughout the United States, is going to be a terrific product for them.
Alan R. Mulally: We've talked about this a little bit. This is a slower recovery than we've had from recessions in the past, but it's a very important recovery. The guidance that -- or the economic expansion we see now in the United States is going to be between 2% and 3%. And also, we've moved the industry volume up from 13 million units this year to between 14 million and 15 million next year.
Alan R. Mulally: I'm sorry, 13.5 million to 14.5 million next year. And the neat thing about that, too, is that with the average age of the vehicles getting closer to 11 years, that the consumers really do want to obtain the value and the fuel efficiency of the new vehicles. So we got a number of things in here that look really well for us going forward in the market.
Alan R. Mulally: One of the neat things about North America, too, is it has the widest -- and most of all the members of the complete family of best-in-class products. And so it really is the engine also for supporting our growth worldwide.
