Mark Fields: And just a couple of comments on the market in the U.S. here. Our view is the industry is at a relatively strong level, but the retail market is softening and the pricing environment is getting tougher. And as you've seen and as we've communicated previously, we have taken some production adjustments on a number of selected models to match production to demand and that's consistent with our strategy. We do expect some further actions in the fourth quarter and that will be primarily related to Fusion and Focus and Escape and one fewer crew next week building F-150 at Kansas City. And then our approach on incentives, Bob mentioned incentives in the industry, our approach is to be competitive and disciplined, and I think, as you've seen in certain segments in the last few months, when the competition has increased incentives, we prioritize margins over market share, and you can see that in our results.
Mark Fields: And just a little bit more flavor on Brexit impacting the UK because obviously we get a lot of questions on that. As Bob mentioned, so far, we haven't seen a major impact on the industry. We've seen retail down slightly, but that's offset by increasing fleet deliveries. And in fact, if you peel that back a little bit, we've seen a lot of strength in the commercial vehicle market and especially the van market, which obviously plays to our strength with transit, which once again was the number one commercial vehicle in the UK and also across Europe. What we are watching though is pricing. And as Bob mentioned, we, as well as our other competitors have taken pricing in the UK and that's obviously to compensate for the weakening of the sterling. And our view is that this is what will start to be negative for the market as we close this year and we get into 2017. So, we're getting ahead of that as Bob mentioned from our production actions. And in addition to that, we're working all elements of the business to mitigate the potential negative effects on the market.
Mark Fields: And just as Bob mentioned back in the second quarter call, he mentioned that we expected our third quarter to show improvement and the reason for that is, we're going to really leverage our new product launches and also step up our go-to-market strategy. And as you can see from the results, we had market share improvement, importantly, we saw sequential market share improvements literally every month, and also then the increased profitability for the quarter. And as we look forward, obviously we're now in the fourth quarter, we want to build on that performance with our new model launches, we'll have a full quarter of the freshened Kuga, we have the Mondeo coming in the quarter and really take advantage of what we see being actually a strong industry in the quarter, with the purchase tax incentive coming to an end at this point.
Mark Fields: Thanks Bob. Okay, if you turn to slide 26, this sums up our industry and also our GDP planning assumptions. And all in all, we see some risk to global GDP growth, as you have things like policy uncertainty including what's going on with Brexit negotiation, that adds to existing weakness that we see in global trade flows, but also in just business investment spending in total, and this is offset partially by steady consumer sector in most of the major markets. So today we're updating our global GDP guidance to 2.9% and that really comes in at the low end at the prior range that we guided. For industry volumes, we are providing some upward adjustments, slight upward adjustments for China and Europe with a small downward adjustment for Brazil. Now, as you've seen, we have had a strong first nine months for the year, and we continue to expect 2016 full year company adjusted pre-tax profit, to be about $10.2 billion and again, an outcome that would be our second best since the year 2000. And just kind of bringing in it all together, if you go to slide 28, we are on track for one of our best profit years ever as I mentioned, but that's following a third quarter that was better than expected, but lower than a year ago, as we guided. We successfully launched the all-new Super Duty and also the Lincoln Continental in North America. And importantly, we're taking the actions to address the continuing challenges of what we see is a plateauing U.S. retail industry, higher incentives in the U.S., and of course uncertainty in Europe due to Brexit. Bob mentioned our cash and liquidity are strong, and we continue to deliver a robust regular dividend that we're committed to pay through the business cycle. And as we outlined at our Investor Day that we held last month, the entire Ford team, we remain committed to our strategy and also our roadmap to grow our business as we expand as an auto and a mobility company. And this includes fortifying and building on our strengths, and that's trucks and vans, the performance vehicles, SUVs, Ford Credit and of course our parts business. Transforming parts of our business that have traditionally underperformed and that includes luxury small vehicles and emerging markets. And we're growing emerging opportunities in the areas of electrification, autonomy and mobility, that will define and also differentiate the future of our business. So, with that, why don't we just open it up and take your questions.
Mark Fields: If I can, the only thing I would add is, we're also seeing a maturing credit cycle. You can see that with the used vehicle values. So I think that's another sign or signal in terms of – we are just at a different part of the cycle. Again not bad, but just a different part, yeah.
Mark Fields: Well, I think – Brian, this is Mark. I think as Bob mentioned upfront, naturally we wanted a lower rate, because you just look at the mix of our products, right, we sell more trucks and vans, which you know tend to lease less, we have a less of a percentage of luxury sales. And as Bob mentioned, we previously guided, beginning of the year, about 20% was about right. In terms of looking at, is it impacting in the showroom? You could say it's having some level of impact. At the same time, we do have an opportunity to take those funds we would spend on that and port them over to maybe some retail incentives. So, yeah, in general it probably has some level of impact. It depends on the region, obviously depending upon the leasing concentration, but probably modest at this point.
Mark Fields: No. I think overall Rod, our strategy is pretty consistent across the segments. As I mentioned upfront in Brian's question, it's always a balance of optimizing pricing and market share. And that's the approach we take pretty consistently across the patch on all of our segments.
Mark Fields: Well, John, we always think of both as we make these decisions. We're just standing back and again looking at the macro factors. And Bob mentioned this, when residual values are extremely important to our customers and they're extremely important to us, and we're just looking at the physicals, right? We are looking at an industry, where it is in the cycle. It's mature, the retail industry is coming down, we're looking at the levels of leasing and the number of leasing vehicles that are coming back this year and projecting out over the next two years or three years. They're going to get to levels that we have never seen on an absolute basis in the industry before. So, that's telling us and informing us and saying, we need to get ahead of that. And that's our philosophy in terms of how we're looking at this, we're looking at the short-term data, we're looking at the leading indicators and that's informing our decisions, both in the short-term and the long-term.
Mark Fields: Well, I think when you look at the segment in the quarter, it's relatively strong, maybe not grown as strong as we expected but I think it's against the backdrop, Colin, of – listen we're still in a strong industry, pickups in general are still strong. If you look at just September, we had our strongest retail F-Series month of the year and when you look at the demand, obviously as I mentioned earlier, we saw a lot of variability in incentives spend from the competitors and that said when you look at the metrics on how we're performing in terms of incentive spends, transaction prices, et cetera, the response to the new Super Duty and transaction prices literally near the top of the industry. We feel pretty good about the full size pickup segment, but at the same time you have to think about it in terms of overall we're seeing in the industry in terms of some weakening in the retail end and we'll keep watching it and that's why we're being proactive around our stocks. We want to protect that brand, we want to protect that franchise and we want to protect the residual values for our customers.
Mark Fields: Well, you know, as Bob mentioned as we look at the pricing environment in China, it's been negative for quite some time, that's our assumption going forward and what it means very simply Colin is making sure that we continue to bring out new and fresh product, that's what's driving the performance that you see in the recent quarter in terms of either it's our new MKZ, or Taurus, or Everest or the freshening of the Cougar that's driven there. And as we think about going forward, the continual focus on costs not only structural costs within china and Asia Pacific, but material costs particularly after we launched the products and as you know once we launched the products we have a lot of efforts on material cost.
Mark Fields: Let me also – I know you're asking a question about Brexit, but it's – let me give some perspective on Europe, because as Bob mentioned if you look year-to-date, we've made over $1 billion. And the growth rates – the industry across Europe was up about 4% in the quarter, so we're seeing that steady growth. Importantly as we said we're seeing a strong growth in the commercial vehicle market, now in the UK but across the continent which plays well for us given transit. We're seeing SUVs as the percentage of the industry, it's up another 2 points or 3 points across the industry. And as you know we've had a strategy to reposition the Ford brand in Europe in terms of moving it up a bit. And as you saw from the results and Bob mentioned, the mix improvements have not only come from the products, the product line mix like Mondeo and Mustang and Ranger, but it's also come by a very deliberate strategy on series mix. And to give you just a couple of data points where we have a very high series mix on our transit of Ranger over 50% of the mix on Ranger is the Wildtrak version, which is the high-end version. And on Edge, over 50% of the mix is on the sport version. So, nearly 50% of our Edge is been sold for €50,000 or more. So, we're going to continue that strategy across Europe and also in the UK.
Mark Fields: Well, high level, yeah, it's some degree of money; I can't give you a figure, whether it's $300, $3,000, et cetera. If you look at the way the safety features, the driver-assisted features that we have on our vehicles today, we literally offer them across – either standard or options across our vehicle lineup. And if you look at the pricing, we're very competitive along those lines. To your question around the fatalities, that's why we're so bullish on autonomous vehicles, and as you know the societal and safety benefits that can have from that, but let's face it, I haven't seen the data yet. But if you really want to improve vehicle safety, you take peoples' phones away from them, so they can't text while they're driving, because I have a feeling that a lot of the increase on that has to do with that. Now, we – our approach on that is through our SYNC system, allow people to do it, rather than touching their phones, keeping their eyes on the road and their hands on the wheel, and that's our approach. But, it's an interesting question, but one in which I can't give you an exact answer.
Mark Fields: When you look – it's a good question. When you look at our brand, one of things we're known for is safety...
Mark Fields: Well, yeah. We're always looking for new suppliers and when you speak of some of the technologies around electrification, we are using a number of new suppliers. The key thing, as you know, Adam, is coming into the auto industry, the duty cycles, the automotive safety grade of those parts and components is absolutely essential. And sometimes, we find when we bring some new suppliers in, they're kind of surprised at that. But our job is to educate them on that, and I think, you'll continue to see us do that, and look across the landscape for the best supplier that give us the best technology, world-class technology at the best cost.
Mark Fields: Well, I think overall, Ryan, first off from a demand standpoint, we're seeing, as I mentioned earlier, a really good response to the product. In terms of the launch in the plant, as you know, the plant, we took the learnings from the launches that we had in Dearborn and Kansas City on the F-150. The launch came up very fast, it came up very well; the quality is good coming out of the plant. We – the suppliers are performing well, we do have an issue on one supplier that's trying to keep up with us on demand and we're working with them on that. But as our usual process, we'll launch, settle the plant down, and that's where the teams – once we get to the launch levels and the plant is stable, that's when we really start going to town on looking at are there ways of getting more efficient in terms of the productivity on the line, but also material costs. In terms of 2017, we're going to continue to follow that pattern in terms of impacts, as Bob has mentioned, when you look at the margins on the new Super Duty, they are lower than the previous one, and that's because it's the first time we've redone the product in 18 years. But we'll continue to follow the process and continue to work on the cost and the margins over time.
Mark Fields: And just remember, David, the guidance that we gave at Investor Day, that the 2017, we expect Europe to continue to be profitable but at a lower level than we see in 2017 -2016. And that's specifically taking into account the impact that we're presently projecting for Brexit.
Mark Fields: Well, it's really dictated by our technical development, not dictated by regulations. And as we said, we've been working at this for over 10 years and we feel confident in our plans and how we're approaching this. And level 4 is, we think is on track for 2021 and again, it's in defined areas that we can 3D-map in using LIDARs and sensors. Level 5 is a different kettle of fish in terms of the amount of technology on the hardware and the software algorithms to be able to handle all those climatic conditions. And so, well, that's our approach and we're confident in that approach.
Robert L. Shanks: Okay. Let's move on to South America. In South America, the key metrics shown on this slide, slide 14, you can see both for the third quarter and year-to-date, all the metrics were lower. This is driven by the external conditions in South America, which remain challenging. Although I will say that we are starting to see a number of the economic indicators that while they're still negative, they're starting to turn upwards. And so I think we feel comfortable that at least direction of the economies in South America seem to be moving in a positive direction and supportive of our view that we could see next year the first positive growth, although very, very modest compared to where it's been in the past, but that's a positive sign. If you look at the metrics, the top-line is lower, that's driven both by volume and the weaker currencies. Our market share was lower, that was due to Fiesta in Brazil. And in terms of SAAR, South America itself was down 400,000 units or 10% that was entirely driven by Brazil, which was down 400,000 units or 17%. Turning to the next page, looking at what's behind the $132 million decline. In South America, it's a very, very similar pattern to what we showed you in the first quarter and second quarters. While we're pricing as aggressively as we can, you can see that it's not enough to offset the effect of high inflation, as well as negative operating exchange effects. The volume and mix is a bit lighter than what we've seen in the past, but we're still going after cost improvements. And you can see that we generated nearly $100 million in the quarter that was both contribution cost and structural cost. In terms of guidance, we continue to be on track to a loss for the year that would be greater than what it was in 2015. Okay. Let's move next to Europe, which is a very nice story. As Mark said, this was a great quarter for us, it was the best third quarter that we've had since 2007. If you look at the operating margins and profits up very sharply, I'm going to go right to the year-to-date numbers at the very bottom of the chart to the far right. We have already earned in the quarter – or in the year over $1 billion and that number will get a bit better as we go through the fourth quarter. So, we feel extremely good about what's happening in Europe. The team has done a wonderful job and it's showing up in the results. And that's despite the fact if you go to the left, we're starting to take actions in response to anticipated reductions in demand in the UK as OEMs start to price in response to the weaker sterling. We certainly announced a price increase, a number of others have. In the quarter, our wholesales were down, our revenue was down, that was driven by those actions, although actually in the quarter, the SAAR of the UK was unchanged, but we think that will change over time as those price increases start to take hold. Let's go to the next slide and look at what's behind the change in Europe. So, up $130 million, you can see the impact of the stock adjustments in terms of the volume. We did continue to see very, very strong mix that was both favorable product mix as well as series mix and options, good cost performance on contribution cost that was driven by material. Good news on exchange, we're fully hedged on an operating basis. This is the non-recurrence of bad news on the balance sheet a year ago. But the other thing I just want to highlight is all the way through here in various categories we're seeing continued positive performance on a year-over-year basis of our Russia business. So, Russia seems to be recovering a bit ahead of where South America is, but very pleased to see the continued performance by the team in that part of our business. In terms of guidance, clearly we're on track for a result that will be significantly stronger than our profit a year ago.
Robert L. Shanks: Okay. Let's move on to Middle East and Africa. This is the only slide as usual that we have for this region. This is an unusually large loss for us. If you look at the first quarters and second quarters, we averaged a loss of about $50 million. And so let me explain what's going on here. So, if you go across the page, you can see wholesales and revenue are down, that's driven by industry changes and the impact of that on our volume, as well as the revenue. Our share was lower, although if you just look at the markets in which we participate, that's code for exclude Iran, which is the largest market in the region, our share was actually flat. What was happening is, the markets we participate in were declining and Iran was growing. So, it's a geographic mix effect. What's happening in terms of profitability is issues in the Middle East and specifically in Saudi Arabia. That country is transitioning its economy or trying to transition its economy from one that's a very oil-based to one that's more diverse pulling back on subsidies. It has an impact on our performance in the quarter. We are working very hard to address those issues. We think we'll be back on track in terms of a more normal result in the fourth quarter. Probably a loss still, but much, much less than what we're seeing here in the quarter. But year-to-date you can see that all the metrics are down, but we would not expect this level of loss to continue in the fourth quarter, nor do we see this as a run rate. For the full year, we expect to have a loss in the region compared with a small profit a year ago, but again think about the pattern of the loss based on the comments I just made. Okay. Let's move onto Asia Pacific. This is another really good story. And if you go back to the second quarter call, if you remember we talked about performance issues in China and then and Mark, I think had some commentary around the actions the team that were working to address that. And I think I have to tell you they really, really responded beautifully. You can see here, wholesale is up 30%, the revenue is up 16%. The share improved and that's not just in China, we had share improvement in Australia, ASEAN and India. So it was pretty broad based. The margin and profitability are up sharply. And that was not just China. We also saw improvements, in fact most of the improvement is coming from outside China. But having said that, if you look on the far right, towards the bottom, our China JVs did contribute on an equity after tax basis $320 million of profit. That was up 26% or over $60 million and our margin came in at 13.4% which was an improvement of seven-tenths a point from the year ago. So we feel really, really good about what the team delivered not only in China, but broadly across the region. Let's go to the next slide and look at what's behind the change and our profitability of $100 million and you can see, it was driven primarily by volume. If you go across the page, you can see the negative pricing that occurred in the region, this was driven by China. In the quarter, the industry was down about 4% or so, we were up a bit more than that but it is moderating as we go from quarter to quarter to quarter, consistent with what our expectations has been at the beginning of the year. So, when you think about the guidance for the year, we do expect a profit, a good profit in the region, but it will be lower than it was at a year ago and that's driven by the effect of the negative pricing in China as well as the weakness of the renminbi.
Robert L. Shanks: Okay. Let's turn to Ford Credit on slide 21. Great results in Ford Credit in the quarter $567 million, that was up little bit from where we were a year ago. If you go below the third set of bars, you can see the year-to-date numbers just under $1.5 billion. Our guidance for the full year continues to be about $1.8 billion. Going back to the metrics, you can see the business continue to grow that was across all regions and all products. And if you look at some of the data we have to the right around the portfolio. Performance of the portfolio continued to be very, very good. The LTR continues to rise, but still below what we would consider to be a normal level, it's probably more around 50 basis points to 60 basis points. So if we go the next slide. Looking at what drove the change on a year-over-year basis, it was the higher volume and the favorable mix. You can see that credit losses continued to be down on a year-over-year basis, this was driven by higher charge-offs and our lease residuals also were down on year-over-year basis and that was driven by, as you can see in the call-out box, our outlook for lower auction values particularly in smaller vehicles and small utilities going forward and the impact that has on the vehicles still in our portfolio. Let's go over to the next slide. We'll get some more metrics around Ford Credit, just want to highlight the top two. So on the upper left, you can see auction values, our auction values continued. They were down $235 sequentially looking at the 36 months, which is the majority of our portfolio and on a year-over-year basis, down about $535. The decline that we've seen so far year-to-date in our portfolio is very, very consistent with what we've seen for the industry if we adjust the industry to our mix of products. If we go to the far right, in terms of lease share of our retail sales, you can see that the industry itself is trending down although at a very high level, we're trending down more so, coming down to 18%. We guided earlier this year that we expect to be about 20% for the full year and we think we'll still be more or less around that level. And this decline reflects our view of residual values and the impact of that on the business also and recognition of the fact of the very high lease rates that we've seen over the last number of years against a very high level of industry sales. There's going to be a lot of units coming back over the next several years. And so, we're adjusting our lease trends in response to that. Okay. Let's move now to automotive cash flow. And you can see here, towards the middle of the page, the $2 billion negative cash outflow. This was driven by the changes in the working capital, largely around payables associated with the adjustments that we made particularly on stocks and then you can see there is also an adverse effect and timing differences, again that was related to the stock changes, any impact that had on the marketing accruals. If you go further down the page, you can see that our funded pension contributions came in at $200 million. We're actually changing our guidance for the full year. On pension contributions, we expect to contribute about $1.2 billion versus the $1.5 billion that we've guided to, that $300 million difference will be paid in 2017. Dividends came in at $600 million and as Mark said, $2.9 billion of distributions to our shareholders for the full year. Okay. With that, we'll go to my last slide, which is around the balance sheet. So, I just want to highlight here the metrics that we shared with you last time, we're still looking very, very good for the automotive business as well as Ford Credit. I would like highlight the pension performance, you can see $7 billion in terms of a funded status but I just want to remind you that we will re-measure our pension assets and liabilities at year-end. So, this reported number does not reflect the impacts on the decline in interest rates that we've seen throughout 2016. I will say, however, because of all the actions taken over the last number of years to de-risk and to fund our pension plans, we expect only a very modest deterioration in our funded status at year-end 2016, that will largely be outside of U.S., because we're ahead of the overseas market in terms of getting those plans funded. So, with that, that concludes my comments and I'll turn it over to Mark.
Robert L. Shanks: Thanks, Brian. First off, I would call our approach realism, not optimism, not pessimism, it's realism. And we've – number of us have been through a number of cycles, and we're looking at the data and big part is interpreting that and what it means for our business. So, I think as we look at the market going forward, as you look at the balance of this year in the fourth quarter, we expect the SAARs will probably about the same as last year but with retail being down. And then as we get in – and with that a tough and more competitive pricing environment. And you can see that in the data that we're all looking at today. You're looking at incentive levels on an absolute basis go up. They're in the industry, they're going up as a percent of MSRP. As we get into 2017 as you know we've guided to an industry that will be slightly down. I think it was 17.7% for next year and then 17.5% for 2018. So at relatively strong levels, we don't see a recession on the horizon but we do see a marketplace that from a cycle standpoint, it's mature. And we're starting to see the evidence of that and I think we're being very proactive in looking at these pieces of data and taking I think very prudent actions and realistic actions for our company. And as you look at your comment of fighting for share versus pricing, et cetera. It's always a balance. We want to optimize our profitability and we want to optimize our market share and you've seen, look at the latest quarter, last quarter here in the U.S. in the full-size pickup segment. We saw a lot of variability in incentive spend and even in that environment, our retail share of the segment was even and it's up year-over-year. We spent the least incentives in the segment and have some of the highest transaction prices. And that's the approach that we're going to take going forward as we see the market go wherever it wants to go.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, we think there'll be some moderation. Our assumption – we've mentioned this before, our assumption is that, the purchase tax incentive will not be extended. We'll have to wait and see. I think there's some conflicting signals now coming from the government. That's our assumption, but again, we're prepared to respond if that's not the case. I think I would also – it's interesting you mentioned that what we've seen is because the Chinese renminbi is now part of the IMF basket of currencies. It's actually weakened as the sterling has weakened, because they're trying to balance the renminbi versus that currency and the effect it's had on the basket. So, interestingly Brexit has actually had an effect on us in Asia-Pacific.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, it's not an either or, we're just trying to balance and try to find the optimal mix, which is constantly shifting, because it's a dynamic competitive environment. But that's what we're doing and that's what we always do.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, one thing I'll mention and then I'll have Marion talk about, which is kind of interesting and I think I've seen some reports on this. We are seeing more Chinese consumers, finance their vehicles and we're participating in that as well. So, we did see more contracts in China as we saw a greater percentage of our customers that we finance, that were going up, and maybe Marion can provide some color and texture.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, what we've said is, recently we said $1.5 billion this year and then $500 million to $700 million, it depends on the year going forward. We don't have to make that $300 million this year, so we're not going to, but we will next year. So, it just moves to the next year. So, think about this year $1.5 billion to $1.2 billion next year, let's say instead of $700 million, it's $1 billion. That's kind of the dynamic that we see. And then going after next year probably in that $500 million to $700 million range, it will depend on the year.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah. Let me take that one. It was – we thought it was a $1 billion, that was our forecast, it came in stronger. And when we kind of peeled back and looked at what was behind that. So, the first thing was we saw marketing accruals came in about $100 million light or favorable in the quarter, but when we look at the physical, it's just timing that will reverse in the fourth quarter, so that's not going to change anything. And then the rest, it was really around cost performance. We got about $300 million of cost performance across the regions and across the business. And when we pulled it back, it was $20 million here, $30 million there, $40 million, I mean there wasn't any one big thing and so, as we looked at it and discussed it with the regions I think the view was, it was just timing. So, fairly we've had a huge pressure and focus on cost reductions and hopefully that was also what drove it, but there's nothing compelling that would tell us that the full year is going to come out any differently, so our point of view now is it's just timing.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah. I think when you – if you go to slide 13, I think it is – which is the North American year-over-year details. As you can see in the call-out box, we did have an increase in incentives, it's just that we had more favorable impact on the pricing side. When you look at the details of it, it was – obviously we got some good news on Super Duty, although frankly the number of units we sold in the quarter was pretty modest because of the timing of the launch, but we have some good news there. But the rest of it was just the guys pricing – taking pricing opportunities where they saw them across the portfolio. I mean there was good news across quite a number of our products particularly as we went from 2016 model year or into the 2017 model year that they're starting to just be able to eke out if you will and collectively generated the type of result that we did, it wasn't really so much around any one thing or big launches or whatever, it was very widespread across the portfolio.
Robert L. Shanks: So, looking forward, I wouldn't talk about next year, I think, we could see some continued positive pricing in the fourth quarter, I don't think it would be anywhere near this level, but it could be a little bit positive. But I don't think it will be as positive.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, I don't know because I don't what the exchange rates will be, I mean we'll have to see. And in fact one of the things I just want to remind you and remind you all is, we not only hedge out for next year, but we already have some hedges in place, and 2018 obviously much less so than 2016 or 2017, but we've got somewhat 2018 already protected. I think, it's a big uncertainty – so let me just say one thing. So the team will have more time obviously to respond to what they've seen from the impact of Brexit. Maybe I'm working seriously ever since the June 23 to react to this cost mix, every single part of the business. So, there'll be more time to sort of reposition and reset the business in terms of this new environment. I think the big question mark for the industry is what happens when the negotiations are concluded, particularly around duty rates, and that's a complete TBD and that will be sometime apparently in 2019.
Robert L. Shanks: Russia is having a very nice positive year-over-year effect in Russia or in Europe. So, you can imagine throughout 2017, 2018, 2019 as that economy continues to improve as oil prices stabilize or even continue to improve further, that's going to have a nice effect on our business. We stayed, because we saw that opportunity, we're seeing it come home even this year, that is another factor, I think you don't want to forget our business in Europe.
Robert L. Shanks: Well. First thing I guess I would say, yeah, I think there was something unusual and that's what I was trying to highlight in my comments, which is around the performance of the business in Middle East and specifically in Saudi. And that was a combination of what's happening in the external environment, but also our own, if you will, business performance, which we're working hard to address. I think we'll get that back on track just like we did in China. When I look at the fourth quarter and quarter-to-quarter, I just think we're going to see on a quarterly basis, improvements across most parts of the business. It's just the thing you've just got to keep in mind, Ryan, I think this is a different conversation than in Japan or Indonesia – is the external environment is sort of similar to Russia and South America, is this is an environment that's been affected by the commodity cycle, it's been very affected by oil, particularly in the Middle East. It's been affected to some extent by geopolitical issues. So, I think it's a different conversation and discussion. I think we'll end up with much better results in the fourth quarter based on what we see today, and going forward I do think the team's got a really, really good growth plan that will get us to profitability and very, very good returns over the business planning period.
Robert L. Shanks: We always assumed that we'd see improvement in Russia; I just didn't want you guys to forget about it, because we're still there, and we're seeing that benefit. It's a tool in our toolkit that maybe some others don't have in terms of where the business will go in the future, but that was the case before Brexit. Brexit is a new thing and we're going to have to respond to that. The team is doing that by looking at every single part of the business. I do think we've got that added benefit of an improving Russia business to help us. But, clearly, the business excluding Russia, we have a lot of work to do to sort of rethink how we get to those 6% to 8% returns that we're targeting, but Jim Farley and his team are all over it.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, one thing I would highlight and Mark touched on it, we are now providing the KA+, which is coming from India, replacing the vehicle that was actually built by Fiat for us in Poland. So, we've got the opportunity to – particularly given the reaction that we're starting to see to that product, I think, we've got the opportunity to get a lot more out of that part of the business, plus we've been working very, very hard on our small vehicle business in Russia across Ford entirely, but certainly – not Russia, in Europe. And I think the actions that will be coming to market in the future are going to give us an opportunity to see more contributions in smaller vehicles, that's certainly part of the equation that Jim and the team are working on. That will help as well.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, we don't provide that level of specificity. I would just say that the costs of subvention are rising and they're high because of what's happening with residual values. And so that's certainly something that we have to take into consideration because we can take those funds and we can deploy them in other ways that might be more effective in the marketplace and that's certainly one of the balancing actions that our marketing sales team considers as they're thinking about how to go to market.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, by the end of next year, we expect our global pension plans to be – it's not fully funded, it's largely funded and by that you might think about 95% funded. So, it really depends on what's going to happen with the interest rates and the asset returns, but the U.S. is already getting close to that. I think we're a little bit behind that level in the UK and Germany. But our funded plans by the time we get to the end of next year should be, if not fully funded than largely funded.
