Alan Mulally: Thank you, George, and good morning to everyone. We are pleased to have the opportunity today to review our first quarter 2014 business performance, as we continue to move forward with the implementation of our One Ford plan. Let's get started and turn to the first slide, please. Our One Ford plan shown here continues to guide everything that we do. We continue to aggressively restructure the business to operate profitably at the current demand and the changing model mix. Accelerate development of the new products our customers want and value. Finance our plan and improve our balance sheet. And work together effectively, as one team, leveraging our global assets. Our commitment remains to serve customers in all markets with a full family of best-in-class vehicles, small, medium and large; cars, utilities and trucks, delivering profitable growth for all. Now, let's turn to Slide 2 to review a summary of our first quarter accomplishments. The company achieved its 19th consecutive profitable quarter in the first quarter with a positive operating-related cash flow and continued strong liquidity. Once again, the topline grew with wholesale volume of 6% from year ago and company revenue improving about 1%. We saw a higher market share in Asia-Pacific, where we achieved a record share in China. Among our business units, Asia-Pacific reported a record quarterly profit. North America, Middle East and Africa we're profitable and Ford Credit once again delivered solid results. Europe reduced its loss substantially compared with last year, but South America incurred a larger loss. This year we'll feature the most product launches in our history and we remain on track with the 23 global product launches we announced late last year. Overall, the company's results were solid, but the quarter was impacted adversely by several significant factors that are not representative of the underlying run rate of our business. Based on our solid start, we continue to expect the company's full year pre-tax profit to range from $7 billion to $8 billion. Our outlook for automotive revenue, operating margin and operating-related cash flow also remains unchanged. Before turning to the financial details, let's recap some of our other achievements from the first quarter. As shown on Slide 3, we revealed several concepts and products in the first quarter, including the all new 2015 F-150, Figo and Ka four-door concepts. The new 2015 Focus five-door and Wagon, and the new 2015 Expedition and Lincoln Navigator. We accelerate the momentum of our global transit line with the launch of the two-ton transit in Europe, the Transit Connect in U.S. and Canada and the Transit Custom in Australia. In Asia-Pacific, we expanded production of EcoSport to Thailand, making it the fourth plant globally to build the all new Urban SUV. We announced an investment of $168 million at our Ohio Assembly plant for production of the all new 2016 F-650 and F-750 medium-duty trucks, beginning in spring of 2015. Also in the U.S., we announced an investment of $580 million in additional 650 jobs to build a new 2.7-liter EcoBoost engine Lima Engine Plant in Ohio to increase production of Super Duty and Kentucky Truck. We also announced new automated driving research projects with MIT and Stanford University, as well as expansion of our Research and Engineering Center in Nanjing, China. And finally, in January, we increased our quarterly dividend by 25%, the second increase since restoring the dividend in January of 2012. Now, Bob Shanks will now take you through the details of our first quarter financial results.
Alan Mulally: Thank you, Bob. Slide 24 summarizes our view of the business environment for 2014. We project global economic growth to be in the 2.5% to 3% range and global industry sales to be about 85 million to 90 million units. U.S. economic growth is projected to be in the 2.5% to 3% range, with industry sales still supported by replacement demand as a result of the older age of vehicles on the road. Near-term conditions have shown signs of improvement after some weakness in January and February data. In South America, Brazil's economy is slowing due to high interest rates put in place to contain inflation. While the situation in Argentina and Venezuela remains volatile, with both economies facing unclear economic policy direction. In Europe, an economic recovery is underway. For 2014, we expect GDP growth of about 1% in the euro area and 2% to 2.5% in the U.K. The European Central Bank left its policy interest rate unchanged at 0.75% in April and indicated that it will keep rates low for an extended period. The Bank of England also indicated that it will keep rates low until economic growth reduces excess capacity in U.K. economy. And in Asia-Pacific, China's economic growth is expected to be slightly below 7.5% with several challenges, including excess capacity and excess debt. The government intends to be more focused on structural reforms and is willing to accept lower growth within a reasonable range of 7.5%. Growth in India is expected to improve modestly to about 5% from last year, as high inflation and high interest rates remain impediments to stronger growth. Overall, despite challenges in emerging markets, we expect global economic growth to continue in 2014. Slide 25, recaps the guidance disclosed earlier for all of our business units as well as for net interest expense. Other than South America, the guidance has improved or unchanged. Our company guidance for 2014 is detailed on Slide 26. We continue to expect full year industry volume to range from 16 million to 17 million units in the U.S. and China to range from 22.5 million to 24.5 million units. We now expect Europe 20 markets to be in the 14 million to 15 million unit range, reflecting improved economic growth prospects and replacement demand. In terms of our finance performance, we continue to expect automotive revenue to be about equal to 2013, automotive operating margin to be lower than 2013 and automotive operating-related cash flow to be substantially lower than 2013. This includes capital spending of about $7.5 billion to support new or significantly refreshed products and capacity actions. We now expect Ford Credit pre-tax profit to be about equal to or higher than 2013. And we continue to expect company pre-tax profit to be in the $7 billion to $8 billion range, as we continue to create innovative products such as the all new F-150. Overall, we expect 2014 to be a solid year for the Ford Motor Company in a critical next step forward and implementing our One Ford plan to continue delivering profitable growth for all. In closing, our One Ford plan is built on a compelling vision, comprehensive strategy and relentless implementation. Our One Ford plan continues to deliver profitable growth around the world and we are absolutely focused on building great products, creating a stronger business and contributing to a better world. We delivered solid results in the first quarter, despite several significant adverse factors that are not representative of the underlying run rate of our business and challenges in several important emerging markets. We remain on track in implementing our plan for full year 2014 including, continued strength from North America, although down from recent years, as we launched three times the numbers of products as in 2013; a loss in South America as we adjust to the changing environment and continued risk in Argentina and Venezuela; successful execution of our transformational plan for Europe, as we progress towards profitability in 2015, notwithstanding new challenges in Russia and Turkey; launch of our Middle East and Africa business unit; continue strong growth and profitability in Asia-Pacific; consistent solid performance from our Ford Credit operation; and positive automotive operating-related cash flow. Now, we will be pleased to take your questions.
Alan Mulally: Well, we're also doing well and we continue to do well with our Focus. As we said our overall sales in the first quarter were up 45%, so we're doing well of Focus. Fusion is doing very well there and the Mondeo is actually doing very well, Mondeo is the Fusion, so both of them. It's a combination of both, but clearly our full family of SUVs and CUVs has really helped turbo charge that.
Alan Mulally: Well, clearly, we don't comment on speculation and we have no change to the plan. And I just want to point out is, is I think you well know is that Bill and I have put a great high priority seven years ago, that we would further develop our team worldwide and have a very robust leadership development and succession plan. And we're very, very pleased with the progress on that to date.
Alan Mulally: And also, Karl, if you look from our perspective, we're really pleased with the value level we're seeing, really all-time record highs in some parts of the world. And even here in the U.S. we're starting to see some encouraging quality data, which hopefully will then lead through to a better performance, based on the reserves we set up. But as we said, we're very committed to delivering best-in-class quality to our customers and everybody is focused on that encouraging signs.
Robert Shanks: So I'll say hold some of your horses. We have improved our guidance, so we do expect the reason to contribute more positively than we did three months ago, because the performance is strong, and it's being driven by China and the great response that consumers are giving our products and our brands. So it is going to do better. I would not multiply times-four, which I think is just the question, Adam. And that's largely around the fact that we still have the six plants under construction. Some of them will be coming on stream later this year. I think two other ones come on stream in 2015. So as we get closer to launch of those facilities, the cost will increase, we bring people onboard, we start to train them before we start producing and that type of thing. The other factor is we've got Lincoln launching later this year. Of course, we're already incurring expense related to that. But as we get closer to the launch in latter part of the year, there will be more expense associated with that. So I think those are the caveats I would put on, but clearly the region is doing fabulously, and we think it's going to have a great, great year. And finally, we've been talking about and that's been kind of eking through a bit more quarter-by-quarter, we're starting to see the pay off of the big investments in the region.
Robert Shanks: This is a really important thing that we explain, so let me put in a little bit of a detail here. So first of all this is a warranty-reserve adjustment and I need to explain to how we at Ford account for field service actions. We use something that's called a pattern estimation model, so what that means is that every time that we sell a vehicle, we actually accrue a bit of reserve, if you will for field service actions that could happen in the future. So nothing specific in terms of a particular issue or problem, but based on history we expect that something could happen. So we reserve for that. And then what we do as we go forward in time, we then sort of top that reserve up or we might take it down, based on what we're seeing to changes in more recent history, if you will. I think we go back to about 2008s right now, so we don't go all the way back that, but kind of drop a year-over-year. And so it's just all based on history and what's actually happened. So what we've seen, we have seen more recalls at Ford and across the whole industry in the last couple of years or so. And so as that has occurred, what we've had to do is we've had to continue to look at the reserves and adjust them and that's what's happening in this quarter. It's based on a process that is disciplined, written in concrete. There is nothing behind this beyond just the update of the data and letting the date tell us that we need to increase reserves based on what's happened. Now, a couple of other things to let you know, is if we then have vehicles that are older, for example than 2008, and something happens, what we do is we actually have the impact to the flow right through to the bottomline, because we don't have any reserves in place. We can only hold them for as I said, maybe six, seven, eight years. If there is also an another little tweak on this, if there is an action that exceeds in the case of North America, $250 million of cost, we'll let that go right to the bottomline. So we wouldn't adjust our reserves if you will on a go-forward basis for that action, we just let it flow-through to bottomline. And actually we had in essence of that, 1 point last year. So this is simply a reserve adjustment as accounting, it's not cash, it's not related to any particular problem that we know of that we're concerned about. It's just an anticipation that something could happen based on what we've seen in terms of patterns of data over the model years that we're talking about. So based on that and letting our process work, we've increased the reserves in the quarter by about $400 million in total and most of that is related to what I've talked about in terms just of just topping up the reserve. So hopefully everybody understands that and recognizes this and it is what it is, but it's not a problem per se.
Robert Shanks: This particular adjustment is we conducted, what are called sort of deep dives twice a year in the first quarter and the third quarter. So that's why it's happening in this quarter. And if I go back, because I did go back to and I expected that you guys might ask about what happened in the past and looking at 2013, and we actually didn't have much that was taking place for '13. We have one quarter where we have some reserve adjustment going up coincidently in that quarter. We also had a supplier recovery on a particular action, which sort of offset that. So that's why we didn't call, either the recovery or the reserve adjustment up, because they were sort of offsetting each other.
Robert Shanks: Well, we've said I think, Ryan, for quite a long time that we thought towards the mid-decade or so that the region would contribute very meaningfully significantly to the bottomline of the company. And I think that's still our point of view. We expect this to be one of the larger regions of the business going forward. It is largest region of the world in terms of industry and we're making great progress and taking and participating in that. We also have capacity increases that are still ahead of us. We have more expansion of our product portfolio ahead of this. As I mentioned earlier, we see India and Southeast Asia, maybe lagging a bit behind where we are in China in terms of the maturity of our investments there. So I think that's an opportunity down the road. So I think we feel like this will be a region that will definitely be a meaningful significant contributor to Ford's bottomline.
Robert Shanks: Yes, I think it's different by market. We're actually, at least up till now, we've been able to more or less -- maybe it depends on timing of a quarter, because we've seen such significant deprecation that some times you can't fully recapture that all in a quarter. But I think in the case of Venezuela and in the case of Argentina, we've seen better ability to over a relatively reasonable period of time as to offset the effect of operating exchange weakness and/or low inflation. I think it's different in Brazil. It's a much more competitive environment. All that capacity, as you mentioned that's coming in, it's making that I think a tougher place in order to capture, to offset, if you will the effects that I talked about. I think the thing that is a positive for us though is the complete transformation of the portfolio. All the new products that are coming in, some are still ahead of us, because we're seeing an extremely favorable response from consumers, both in terms of what it's done for us in share, but also our ability to get a really healthy transaction price for those products. But nonetheless, Brazil is, as we've been talking about that for some time have been a concern around the competitive environment and all the capacity coming in.
Robert Shanks: Yes, and they are all public. We have about $400 million associated with the field service actions, of that about $350 million relates to the '09 through '13 model years -- is it '08, '09? '08 through '13 model years. We then have two issues that were for the older model years. We have a Crown Vic Rim -- I think it's a Crown Vic Grand Marquis lighting control module that was a recall that was for the '03, '05 model years that was about $30 million to $40 million. And then we had and Escape subframe issue that was roughly $30 million and that was '01 through '04. And there was maybe about $10 million of just general offsets to all of that. Most of it is the reserve adjustments. The other two were relatively small.
Robert Shanks: No, those are simply -- we're always looking at data to understand where we have issues. Those were things that clearly popped up and indicated that we had an issue for our normal process, addressing ASAP.
Robert Shanks: In the case of North America for the full year, we still would expect to see I think positive material cost overall. We're seeing very good material cost reductions. We will have as the new products are introduced increases related to them. But because they're launching more second half, if you will, at least lot of the volume on a year-over-year basis, the affect will be probably more in '15 than in this year. In the case of Asia Pacific, what we're seeing there is, as you said the quarter doesn't indicate what we expect to see for the full year. But for the full year, we'll see more cost come in and that will largely be around spending-related manufacturing, more in terms of engineering and also advertising sales promotions as we launch and support the products. And then a general, admin and expense selling will go up. Some of that related to Lincoln and some of it just related to the overall growth of the business that we need to put resources in place to support it. So it's really across, I guess I'm saying all parts of the business, but it's going to be sort of a growth quarter-by-quarter as the business expands.
Robert Shanks: I guess, I'd say, first of all, you know that there is a sort of a pattern to profits in general in Europe, usually the first half is better than the second half, third quarter, I don't that was the case last year, but third quarter is usually a weaker quarter, because of the extensive plant shutdowns that take place for holidays and so forth. Of course, all of that as you said, Pat, is dependent upon particular cadence of product launches that we have over the course of the year. But again, there, we've had some more launches and we're launching actually some things right now in Europe. So I don't know that I'd call out any particular thing in terms of the cadence of our structural cost going forward. I think probably the fluctuations up and down will be more around volume levels, and I don't think I would call anything else out.
Robert Shanks: So maybe Mark can comment. And I'll just in terms of the balance sheet effects of the amount that we talked about on Slide 7, $310 million of that is Venezuela specifically, about $70 million is related Argentina. And then on a year-over-year basis, you can see on Slide 14, the year-over-year basis, the balance sheet effect was roughly half of what we're seeing in total. And of that, a good portion of that -- well, actually most of the overall effect is actually Argentina and Venezuela, and a bit of Brazil.
Robert Shanks: Well, because in part some of the products may not be in some of the regions. I mean we do the same reserve analysis everywhere. You also have different suppliers, in some cases the products are tailored to different design, different powertrains. So they are global, but there are differences region-by-region. We also as we launched, we don't launch everything all of one time, so as we launch in one region, then the next, then the next, then the next, we kind of learned from the first region, and we kind of build those learnings into a launch at the next region including design changes and so forth. So it's not all apples-and-apples, if you will.
Robert Shanks: No, it's just basically is, as we get bigger and as we continue to expand and grow, we thought it was prudent for us to take advantage of actually very strong from our global banking group and also very healthy capital markets for us to increase and extend the credit facility. The other thing that's kind of great about it is we're actually returning out sort of a normal credit facility, five year terms that I think it's first time we have been there for quite a number of years with this change. So we feel very positive about that too. So that's what behind it.
Robert Shanks: And David, I would just add that in the quarter comparison, which just what you've seen in the data today, a bit of that is if you will a difficult comp because last year we had just launched the Kuga and we had just launched the Fusion. And they were in very, very high demand. We had very tight supplies. And so incentive levels for those products were very, very low and those are high volume products for us. Now, more normal if you will.
Robert Shanks: Two responses there, one at the end of last year, our total warranty reserve, which would include for field service actions was $3.9 million for the company. And in terms of the second question, I mean this is an unusually large increase. And as I mentioned earlier, if I go back and look at the four quarters of last year, we did not have something of this magnitude occur. So this is unusual. That's exactly why we're calling it out, so that everybody understands the run rate of the business, because you wouldn't expect something like this to happen quarter-in and quarter-out.
Robert Shanks: I don't think so. Because, again, I think what you're seeing across the whole industry is all OEMs are responding very, very quickly in general to the issues that they see. Vehicles have a lot more technology and that they're far more complex. So I just think that this just seem to be more of a general industry phenomenon. And unfortunately, because we don't like product recalls on field service actions, unfortunately that's been our history as well over the last couple of years. But it's really an industry phenomenon.
Robert Shanks: The warranty reserves are going up because of our experience. What I am trying to say is that our experience though is not necessarily unique, if you will, to the automotive industry, you are seeing more and more companies, higher number of recalls, higher number of units being affected, and that's an industry phenomenon. But what drives our warranty reserves is our experience.
Robert Shanks: It could have been because one of the things that as I mentioned, we only hold these reserves for about six or seven years. So when that oldest year, if you will, is ready to run off as we move into the next calendar year. If there is anything left in that reserve that hasn't been used, we release it. So it's possible that could have happened back in 2007, somewhere in that timeframe. I actually kind of remember something like that as well, Mike, but I know we've had situations like that.
Robert Shanks: No, we haven't done that before and we're doing that so that we can allow them to diversify their overall funding structure. So it's just a better balance sheet for Ford Credit to support their, own overall funding structure.
Robert Shanks: No, it's also to support, we had something called FCAR in the past, which we're actually moving away from it. And we're going to replace that with more unsecured debt and this is just part of supporting that.
Mark Fields: Overall, Adam, the preparations for the launch are going well and the team is very energized. We're going through, obviously the number of the production builds, but its going on plan. As we mentioned last quarter, we have three weeks of downtime of the '13 in the first quarter. And remember, we've mentioned that inclusive of that '13 was the summer shutdown week, so you can deduce what quarter that will be in. But clearly as we said, we got a manufacturing launch in the fourth quarter. So you can pretty much surmise where a lot of the downtime is going to be as we get the plan ready-to-go. But overall, when you stand back and look at our F-Series business, even with the existing model, our share is about the same as the full year for last year. We continue to run the plans, I think very efficiently. Our transaction prices are actually holding up very well, when you look at our transaction prices for '14 model a year, they're probably at the top of the segment of the under 8,500. So that business is going well. We're also looking at potential production opportunities for the existing F-Series in the remainder of this year. We have more work to do that could help us potentially get to the upper half of the margin range that we have for North America, but we have some work to do on that.
Mark Fields: On the second question, when you look at our share performance in China, as Bob mentioned upfront, it was actually -- it was a record for the quarter at 4.5%, which was up 1 point versus a year ago. When you look at some of the elements driving that to your point, when you look at the segment, the SUV, CUV segment in China, as an industry, it was up about 28%. Our sales were up almost 300%. And the reason for that was, all the products that we introduced last year, the EcoSport, we have the EcoSport, Explorer, the Kuga, so we have a full line up there, and that's been a really important part of our growth in addition to the car side of the business, which we've done very well with. And then when you look at the texture of that, a lot of our growth has been in the Tier-3 through six cities and that's been supported by our network expansion. And when you think of maybe some of the infrastructure around, it lends itself well to SUVs and CUVs. And actually the type of demographics of the customer that we're getting is very encouraging, in addition to the profile of the segmentation. We're getting younger customers than the industry average. And interestingly, depending upon the model lines, 70% to 90% of customers they're buying our vehicles. It's either a first-time purchase or an addition to the car in the household. So I think that bodes well for us going forward.
Mark Fields: No, as just mentioned earlier as we look at that 8% to 9%, we're looking at additional production opportunities on the current F-Series, which all things being equal, could actually pushes up in the upper range of that, but we have some work to do.
Mark Fields: The only other thing I'd add to Bob's point about the product lineup and working on the revenue side, as you can imagine, following our process of looking at the business environment, the team there is very focused on looking at optimizing our footprint that we have down there. We are working on our logistical cost, which is very important, material cost reductions, seeing where we can accelerate localization actions and just overall structural cost improvement. So we are working both sides of the profit equation for that part of the world.
Mark Fields: From a volume standpoint and industry standpoint in Venezuela, as we said last quarter, what we did in the fourth quarter of last year was literally cut our production by three quarters versus the running rate, in the first three quarters of 2013. And what we mentioned is that's our assumption going forward, the remainder of 2014. And when you look at the industry development to put it in perspective, the first quarter of last year, the Venezuela industry was about 113,000 units on a SAAR basis. This year it's 12,000 units. So I think we've baked those assumptions into our plan and we'll continue to watch the environment there and also continue to support Venezuelan customers at the same time minimize their exposures.
Mark Fields: Well, I think overall when you look at our incentive spend, we look at our incentive spend in conjunction with our overall margins and transaction prices. And when you look at our transaction prices, they're at the top end of the industry and it kind of reinforces the margin that we have in North America. Clearly, in a number of our products, they're kind of late in their lifecycle, so we're accounting for that and also at the same time as those new products come on that will offer us opportunities once those products are launched. So that's kind of the way we're looking at balanced and making sure we profitability grow and take care to that.
Mark Fields: We're working very closely with our supply base. In terms of seeing if they can support some additional production opportunities and that may mean running more over time at some of our -- whether it is Dearborn Truck as we run out the existing model and get ready for the new one or in Kansas City where, as you know, we're not launching that plant till next year. So, yes, it's so far encouraging, more work to do, but it involves the whole team. And the good news, Alisa, is it's really based on market demand. And as we said, if you look at the month of March and another month where we sold over a 70,000 F-Series, so the demand is out there, customers really like the product, the existing product. And we're going to trying to get as many as we can to them.
Mark Fields: Absolutely, not. We're focused on delivering what customers want and it's not really driven -- those are kind of not the way we're thinking about it. We're thinking very much from a customer and a market-end standpoint. As you know, we're doing well with our car lineup. We're doing well with our truck lineup. And we're going to go wherever the customer demands with that full family of vehicles.
Mark Fields: Well, we're always going to match capacity to demand, and in the context of running a good business and a profitably growing business.
