Jim Hackett: Thanks, Tim. Yeah. Just a few comments, I want to reinforce the following about the quarter and the second half of this year. In the face of unprecedented sector headwinds operationally, we maintained robust safety protocols and aggressively mitigated production losses, while effectively navigating a tenuous supply base, I mean, everything was in motion. We’re keenly focused on cost and cash discipline. Jim Farley led an effort here that’s just extraordinary. We are optimistic and ready for the production ramp-up of the F-150, the Mach-E as you’ve heard, the Bronco Sport and Bronco, all with the spirit of high quality and extreme focus on doing a great job there. We continue important investments. We didn’t stop spending on the future in commercial vehicles, AV, connectivity and electrification. We did continue to implement our global redesign and portfolio refresh and we have measurable results to show that this is going very well. And as you just heard from Tim, we did a great job of this. We have a discipline management of our balance sheet and an extremely strong liquidity position from all the actions we took earlier this year. This ensures our financial flexibility, particularly as we know in uncertain time. So, Operator, with that, let’s move to Q&A, please.
Jim Hackett: Great. So let me start with the interest expense. It has ticked up as we bolster a balance sheet and ensure we have not only strong cash position, strong liquidity position, and it suits us very well. And then, as we looked out, we feel comfortable with our cash position and confident so that such that we repaid and roughly half of the outstanding revolvers that we drew down earlier this week.  And we’ll continue to look at opportunities to repay additional debt including revolvers over time as a business performed and -- I mean - anything announced at this time, but certainly we’ll be looking at opportunities to reduce interest expense and delever the balance sheet in that way is where am I as the debt levels come down, of course we have the $40 billion liquidity, as you repeat a line of credit, so feel comfortable with our cash and liquidity position. The interest expense for the back half of the year, you can assume roughly $0.5 billion per quarter will be a reasonable expectation. And then your question on S.A.R, year-to-date S.A.R was about 13.4 million units in the first half and we see this improving throughout the year. And beyond that, I think we’ll add more colors a year progresses. But we do see again an opportunity for it to improve as the year progresses.
Jim Hackett: So, Rob, it’s Jim Hackett. I’m going to ask Jim Farley, can you imagine the calls we’ve gotten Rod about how many can you make so. He has been working on that day and night, so I’ll give him that in just a second. But I want to make sure I’m tracking with you on Europe in the sense that, you understand that structural costs effort ahead of the pandemic looks to be really precious, doesn’t it and the absorption there without the volume is because of the effort that these guys have put forward. So I’m not worried that as you just portrayed that there is a variable costs kind of avalanche that you know, smothers us, I don’t think that’s going to happen. Right now, we’re not anticipating big inflation, for example. In fact, suppliers are all trying to get back up to levels of efficiency where we start to enjoy some savings. So I just want to add that color to the way I think about variable costs. I understand why you were looking at the forecast, but I just step back and think about that. But Jim, do you want to talk about the Bronco, great news and the challenge.
Jim Hackett: Hey, Adam. It’s Jim. Thank you. It’s a question that when maybe a year ago, we started to see lines starting to arrange around, make versus buy own versus source. So we had a deep discussion about this. I’ve met with a number of the people that that are in the supply side of this and it was our estimation. In fact, our whole team went through a really deep dive on this six months ago that the supply chain has ramped up since EV his [ph] Gigafactory. And so there is plenty there that does not warrant us to migrate our capital into owning our own factory. There is no advantage in the ownership in terms of a cost or a sourcing as what Ford can draw on. So I just can confirm to you that it actually works. It works for us to go the path we are now. With that said, there is some challenges that are in that supply chain between themselves. There is some litigation that’s going on. We’re hopeful that, they get settled quickly. It really doesn’t matter to us how it gets settled, but it may, it confuses some of the suppliers about their investments in some of their plants here in the United States, which is another way of saying the way the U.S. MCA would benefit as intended is to have these factories be built in the United States for supply of batteries and so we’re well positioned believing that will happen.
Jim Hackett: Yeah. So my first reaction I’m thinking, thank God we made the decision, right? Because you know what it replaced in the facility where we’re making in some of the sedans we’re making money. So you got to think of that with Adam’s last question about the makeup of Ford and what’s going out and what’s coming in and product. And Jim, I’ll let you talk about some of our targets there.
Jim Hackett: And Jim, I just -- I want to sneak in, because you’ve all seen our campaign about, we build more vehicles in America for -- by Americans in the whole industry. And this Bronco is, look, we’re hiring people here in Southeast Michigan to build this product 2,000 to 3,000 additional people. So it’s a -- I know I get teased about it because it came up in the discussion with the President, but I was just so proud to be able to explain that here we are in the middle of a pandemic with kind of challenges in the job market and Ford’s going to be hiring people to build this product. So it’s really a great news story.
Jim Hackett: Well, I think, Jim mentioned this and Tim did is that South America, the journey there as compared to some of the other markets started. We phased out of unprofitable vehicles. We ended focused production and Pacheco exited heavy trucks business, discontinued Fiesta, ceased operations at San Paulo manufacturing based off the Sigma engine production. But Jim has been really working hard on the restructuring to serve a dealer network better in terms of our customers improving the availability for the remaining dealers. So I think this is a story that’s still yet to be completed. But Jim, I want to let you answer why you think in the short-term we had this better than expected performance.
Jim Hackett: Well, I’m excited to tell you that the plan is working there. COVID was -- it kind of helped focus us, but the commercial vehicles strength was supported by a 34% increase in sales at JMC, which gained 40 basis points of share. And the second -- it’s the second consecutive quarter of share gain of 20 basis points, which is whether you’re hinting about. We were talking about it in a way that this was the breakthrough that we were looking for. I think, Corsair is the -- comes in the middle of this. It is the first locally produced Lincoln product and it breaks all records that we’ve had in one month for the sale of a product like that. It contributed to the 12% increase in sales for Lincoln and now the new Aviator is following on. My only regret is that the whole Board was going to be there in October just kind of review the progress that you’re noting and we can’t travel now because of COVID, but Jim Farley and Anning Chen, our President there had done a really good job of getting our arms around that market.
Jim Hackett: Let me start with the last part first. Thanks for the question. We haven’t completed our planning process for next year yet. We have said that for some time now that we’re focused on fitness activities, which not only includes costs, but also CapEx to make sure that we’re efficiently and effectively allocating capital. So we’ll continue to focus on that, and you’re seeing some of that reflected in the results on CapEx this year. So fitness, you also seen the ebb and flow of product programs, but we’re pleased with the progress that we’re making $1 million to $1.5 million down year-over-year, but again, nothing further to share at this stage on 2021. As far as working capital goes, bear in mind in the second quarter the working capital dynamics played out, we talked about production resumed, of course, during the shutdown period, we had payables who repaid and was production resumes as payables start getting no backup, but the restoration of payables continuing to the third quarter and that’s one of the reasons we said that the third quarter cash will be better than EBIT in the fourth quarter cash with the shutdown seasonally and launches that are happening particularly F-150, this cash flow would be lower than EBIT. So I guess what you’re seeing is not only the benefits from our fitness and our redesign and our underlying results improving in light of the COVID environment, but even underlying that, that’ll continue to play out for the back half of this year and then into ‘21, as we’re very keenly focused on all -- in all costs and cash opportunities. But as we’ve talked about earlier, we’re in a position now where we have a very strong cash position and liquidity position, and we’re comfortable with outlook as we look ahead.
Tim Stone: I think the operational execution is something we pride ourselves on and expect to work really hard to make sure it’s very sticky. We’ve got a lot of work ahead of us for sure in the back half of the year with some really important launches in the fourth quarter and we continue to drive improvements in the fixed accelerate grow areas that we’ve talked about. But as reflected in our guidance for profitability in the third quarter is, we’re going to continue to operate in an operationally excellent manner.
Tim Stone: Yeah. Great. Thanks, Jim. So as it relates cost actions, we’ve been taking -- we have been talking about for some time now is the focus on fitness and design of the business. And so we’re going to continue to be passionately focused on making sure the right design for the business and with fitness as a priority. And so certainly, there are things that we appropriately undertook to preserve cash and reduce costs in response to the environment. But we’re also looking at opportunities to learn from this and identify areas to further accelerate our fitness and redesign opportunities that are ahead. So that’s really what I have to say and that -- otherwise essentially reflected in the guidance, we have the third and fourth quarters as we look out. And on the third -- go ahead.
Tim Stone: Yeah. On the F-150 side, we try to do is characterize it is more impactful than the UAW launch essentially, of 6 -- sorry, UAW contract bonuses of $600 million. So beyond that, there is not much more we can we can say. Certainly when you have America’s best-selling vehicle for 38 years and gaining share of best series in the quarter, you can see the popularity of that vehicle claiming to our overall business. So the ramp down, ramp back up with a successful launch will have a big impact on the quarter which to our expect we never loss.
Tim Stone: As it relates to Europe comment, by the end of this year we expect to have roughly $1 billion improvement in structural cost actions since the beginning when was announced in Q3 ‘18 it’s cumulative. That includes the reductions of positions I mentioned 10,000 positions in Western Europe, 7,500 of which have been completed already, as well as 2,000 positions in Russia, as well as the reduction of manufacturing footprint by six facilities on a total of 17. So, again, we’re going to review our center in order to look at opportunities to make sure we’re the right design for the business as we look out at the opportunities ahead of us and nothing incremental to announce at this moment. But to-date, we’ve incurred $3.9 billion of EBIT charges and $1.4 billion of cash. So you with $7.1 billion to go, up to $7.1 billion to go and charges up to $5.6 billion in cash. The other thing you know, continue to execute on the result as well, so nothing new to announce at this time, but you’re keenly focused on it.
Tim Stone: Yeah. I guess what I want to say is that the team has been very focused on opportunities, not just during this time of COVID crisis, but before that to get more fit and improve our cost structure, you are seeing that 900 line results entering into the crisis. With the crisis, we’ve had an opportunity to further reassess how we work and what opportunities we have in our cost structure to demonstrate to ourselves, we can take swift action, again, the teams around the world has done a great job in all areas. We are certainly mindful of what you’re suggesting that these costs come back into the cost structure in ways that are unwelcome. But we’re going to do everything we can to make sure that well, it shouldn’t be volume related costs, but we’re going to get more and more fit over time.
Tim Stone: It’s hard for me to re -- undo what’s happened over the past few months. We’ve had -- the delays were having are commensurate with what happened as a result of the production shutdown. And the teams throughout that timeframe did a great job getting us ready for launch. And so if you look at the back half of the year in aggregate, we’re essentially guiding to less than $0.5 billion to $1.5 billion of profit. And certainly, there has been a shift to the fourth quarter as a result of those losses in the big impact on F-150 being in the fourth quarter.
Tim Stone: Yeah. I mean, first, I want to emphasize for the third quarter, we expected cash flow to be higher than EBIT and the fourth quarter would be lower due to the timing of the working capital, social, the launches and the seasonal effects. As you look further out, from a liquidity standpoint, we have, of course, confidence in our ability to repay the debt that we have. We have net debt roughly equal to cash. And what we said was that even in scenarios where we have a COVID related plant closures again and/or demand declines that would have $20 billion or more in cash. So our certainly our base expectation is for more than that. And as we look out to the future, we’re focused on optimizing our free cash flow driving toward our long-term margin opportunities and with that will come even greater cash and liquidity opportunities for us to consider none of the pain downloads and credit, of course, but through paying debt, receiving the dividend and to dilute sharer purchases as well.
Jim Farley: Thanks, John. Hi. As Jim and Tim mentioned, the Bronco reception has been very positive. The reservation numbers are far beyond what we expected and these are two broad appeal nameplates in three body styles, so we don’t have in our portfolio today. So we’re not getting ahead of ourselves on Bronco. We have a lot of work to do to launch these products to do with world-class quality and don’t forget our ambition is to launch over 200 accessories and really create a brand, the sub-brand within Ford like we have like F-Series. So we have a lot to do and that’s what we’re focused on. John, there is no shortage of great ideas for Bronco’s Ford Motor Company. But we have a great foundation to start with these three names -- these three body styles. I would expect for, like, we’ve always done, like, we’ve learned from F-Series over the years, decades, that will rollout family or Bronco like we’re doing in our own way, targeted to our own customers, where we see openings in the market for customers to be thrilled and we do see that opportunity in the market. So I wouldn’t hold ourselves or benchmark ourselves against another OEM, our ideas is to play to win by going after specific customers that are underserved. Thanks.
Jim Farley: Yeah. Thanks, Jim. Hi, Rod. So, maps, right down the street from our Dearborn headquarters is where we will make Bronco as in North America and then the Bronco’s Ford down in Mexico. As far as the Bronco that we’ve received over 100,000 reservations that operations to shift pattern, so we have some upside. We have a lot of work to do because these are reservations not orders yet. So we have a lot of work to verify that the mix is great enthusiasm and we still continue to get lots of reservations. So the team has multiple capacity studies, we do have some opportunity, it would commit to another shift which is a big deal for us. As you can imagine, but obviously the reception has been really positive and looks sustained now. On F-150, we’re in the prototype build both in Kentucky and in Dearborn looks great. We’re on plan with the supplier readiness, manufacturer readiness and all the software, obviously this is a big milestone for OTA and lifestyle for us. So it’s important deliverable for the team. And we have a long way to go on the F-150 launch. But the team has made great progress. We’re finding issues and addressing them immediately. So we’re feeling like I would portrayed is on plan, and yes, there is upside for Bronco.
Jim Farley: Thanks Adam. Yeah. I would say -- I would characterize Ford’s transformation as we know what we’re really good at and we have tremendous opportunity to grow in those areas and commercial is a great example. It took us decades to build the commercial ecosystem we have today, exclusive distribution, bailment, upfitters, a deep relationship with customers, real deep know how in the company. As we look forward in the next three to five years, you can expect a Ford’s commercial business to change a lot and part of that is cooperation of Volkswagen in places like Europe, but other parts of it will be the mobility transformation of commercial. So I would say Adam, you can expect Ford’s transformation to be in the areas that we’re already really good at, we have capability and that we’re humbly approaching the business model and the ecosystem build out for those new growth opportunities with a fresh set of eyes. And just like we did decades ago when we built these businesses like commercial and it tremendous opportunity for value creation and for our customers especially. I think that gives you a good taste for how we see things as well as in much tighter geographic profile.
Jim Farley: Sure. Thanks Jim. Appreciate the question. The real breakthrough for us on Bronco was the localization of the Ranger that a very successful global Ranger here in North America. And we’re already have very strong scale and performance with the Ranger in the U.S. The large Bronco and the C2 Bronco Sport are both based on existing platforms that we have executed many times. And so we’re not going to go into specific profitability, but you can imagine compared to a Ranger, the kind of pricing that our Bronco Top Hat [ph] would get. And obviously we already have a great scale for the actual industrial part of the product. So -- and again the platform has been very well executed. It has global scale as the C2 for the Bronco Sport. And so we see these and the pricing premium, we care in the utility market, the off-road market it’s pretty well known and I would say very robust in terms of we’ve delivered it. It’s not, it’s not a maybe. So for our standpoint, as Jim said, we not only replaced the focus in the case of rough on and Ranger, but we’re coming off of very high scale platforms, C2 and Ranger. And we know that these segments executed right the product our premium segments. So we’re feeling really good about the margin.
Jim Farley: Sure. Again appreciate your question. Obviously of the $11 billion we’re at the very tail end of Mach-E and our two commercial vehicles. And they’re really key for us, the commercial vehicles, the Transit electric and the F-150 electric. We’ve announced the MEB and the number of nameplates and so you can expect in ‘22 and beyond as we refresh our product line up once again globally, that electrification will be a key component and so the spend will continue to play out. That figure was given a few years ago. So as you said, ‘22 seems like right around the corner, but, we’re not done. And with the $11 billion, we have some really exciting products coming out like the F-150 and the Transit, and with the growth of package delivery and a large commercial customer network for F-150 we’re are seeing a ton of interest from customers on both of those, but we have lots of passenger cars to come as well. We’re not going to be specific more than what we’ve shared, but I think you’ve characterized it fairly and accurately.
Jim Farley: Thanks, Jim. The second quarter marks, I think, the third consecutive quarter of year-over-year improvements, although, still losses. And it really reflects, as Jim said, the progress that we put in place many years ago to restructure South America. We have a lot of cost containment. We’ve taken a lot of headcount out of the business as you would expect. And we’ve also in the second quarter took a lot of pricing, which is consistent with the currency situation down there. But I think allowing the team got ahead of the downturn we saw in the market with COVID that’s been a big beneficiary for us for a while. As Jim said, we’re going to keep restructuring our businesses until they’re sustainable. So still more work to do. South America looks pretty challenging, but the team is doing a great job. We have a slurry of new products few years ago and there was costs associated with that. So I think we have a really good still fresh lineup. We gained a lot of share in the second quarter. It was down about a point from last year, but that was a lot to do with the vehicles that we discontinued. So the vehicles we do have are very well accepted. I just would portray it as we are not -- we have more work to do as Jim said, but really big credit to the team and way down revenues to have a third consecutive improvement in our profit or losses.
Jim Farley: Yeah. I think, one of the really encouraging things for us leadership team, as Jim said, is we went out and promoted the reality that we’re the highest employment in the U.S. of all the OEMs and, and also our volume in the U.S. and that plus new products is really, we’ve seen a strengthening of our brand. The Promise campaign seems to do really well. We had a great second quarter in terms of share performance in the U.S. Retail, as Jim said, was way up full point, and part of that was mixed, but it’s great to see that moment behind the brand. Third quarter looks not to be dramatically different. We’ll continue to have good momentum, sales still lot to do. We have good supply situation and Ford in the 70-day range. And so the campaign seems to be doing really well, brands getting stronger, and we have product to sell.
