Jim Farley: Thanks, John. Yes, I don't want to speculate on rumors or speculate on the speculation in the press. But I will go back to something we said and I've said over and over again which is, running a successful ICE business and the successful BEV business are not the same. The customers are different. We think the go-to-market is going to have to be different. The product development process and the kinds of products we develop are different. The procurement supply chain are all different. The talent is different. The level of in-sourcing is different. And actually the rhythm of the business is different -- fundamentally different. So I'm not going to talk about speculation in the press, but I will tell you that the way we're operating the businesses acknowledges those differences. And I'm really excited about the company's commitment to operate the businesses as they should be.
Jim Farley: Thank you for your question. Perhaps the biggest gift for all the pain we're going through now in semiconductors is that we have very painfully learned the lesson that we cannot manage the supply chain for these key components as we have. In fact you could argue that in the change of transition to these digital electric vehicles that supply chain could be one of the biggest advantages a particular company has or doesn't have. The way we look at it is the key electric components memory chips semiconductors. I would break semiconductors into two types. I'll come back with GlobalFoundries in a second. Feature-rich chips that we still use a lot. A window regulator doesn't need to have a 4-nanometer chip. And the advance -- but we also have sensors power electronics for our inverters, the batteries themselves all the way back to the mine, the inverters of different battery. Chemistries itself have different raw materials and kind of ecosystems that support them. So this is a very important topic for the company. How different it is? It's really different. We need different talent at the company. We need physical inspection of the actual producers. We need direct contracts with them. We need to design the SoC ourselves. We need to direct in the case -- in some cases to even direct prefer build to print or actually use supplier XYZ to get out of where we've been. And this takes talent. It takes a different approach. It takes more resources. On GlobalFoundries, it's kind of the first big bet, but there'll be many, many more coming for us. We're very dependent on TSMC for our feature-rich nodes. Obviously, the capacity is at risk over time as the industry moves to more advanced nodes including us. And as I said we're going to need feature-rich nodes for many years to come. GlobalFoundries knows how to build them. They know to build them in the United States. We can partner with the government depending on the CHIPS Act to capacitize here. It will be a few years until we benefit from that but it's a really big thing to descale ourselves on the feature-rich chips from the current ecosystem that we depend on around the world. And I think GlobalFoundries is a really interesting deal when we get into the details. We have to put cash up when we participate. Those feature-rich semis will be used by other companies industrial companies, not just Ford. It's a really interesting deal. And I was talking to the US company. You can expect the same kind of thing on advanced nodes and all the other components I mentioned including more deals on the raw material for various types of battery chemistry. And this is a culture change at Ford. As I said this is part of the rhythm change between ICE and BEV.
Jim Farley: Sorry, what's nice about what we're seeing this year or our forecast this year is, we're seeing good profit leverage from that incremental top line. And I think that's very encouraging. We have lost statistics about how that compares in the past, but that hasn't always been the case at Ford. It's great to see that top line flow into our profitability increase.
Jim Farley: Thank you. I would say, the answer to your question for ICE and BEV would be slightly different. We have about 10% of our dealers last year in the supply-constrained environment that, we're charging above MSRP to our best of our knowledge. We have very good knowledge of who they are. And their future allocation of product will be directly impacted because of that policy. And we've seen really quick action by our team. On the BEV side, this is quite an important topic, because the margins that we want to build to in BEV are going to be heavily dependent on a different go-to-market and customer experience. I won't go into any more than that, but this is a quite important lesson for us of the franchise system, and the way we will manage going forward. But I'm very optimistic now that our team has the intelligence in the market that we put an allocation trigger in for those dealers who choose to price that way. But it's inefficiency no doubt about it.
Jim Farley: Thank you. So we've been hard at work at this for quite some time actually. We knew we were oversubscribed pretty early in the process and the team has been at it. We have been working. Really, the primary lift for us is battery availability. So we've actually been securing extra batteries for quite some time now. We have some manning options for Mach-E. So we will move close to 100000 units this year on Mach-E. That will be our big move this year. Next year, our big move will be Lightning going to 150000 units. I won't get into battery chemistries and all the details, but I'm really excited about the progress we've made so far in securing batteries. On the F-150 Lightning, we actually had a physical capacity constraint of the facility. And so we took the decision already to again redesign the facility so that we can accommodate the 150,000 units. We have great capacity on F-150 for the nonelectric components. So this is just a matter of the Mach-E getting the labor in place and getting the batteries, and the F-150 getting the batteries out of Georgia and redesigning the facility so we can get the final assembly done. As far as chips are concerned these battery electric vehicles and the supply chain are a strategic advantage for our company. So we will protect in the constraint where we will protect our battery electric supply production.
Jim Farley: Absolutely. Absolutely. The profitability of ICE is very important because it gives us optionality, not only of scaling BEV, but also vertically integrating BEV which is increasingly becoming important for a profit lever. So we definitely want to push our ICE business as fast as far as we can. We're going into this transition with the freshest ICE lineup, I can think of any of our competitors not just in the US, globally. But we think there's, as John said, a ton of other levers that we can pull to improve the margins of our ICE business. We see our ICE business increasingly in kind of specialty groupings of passion brands like, Bronco and Mustang. And our pickup truck customers, retail side using those for recreation and for everything they use them for. And so look at the success of Maverick we've had for example. So, we're really excited about this opportunity for BEV. And you bet you, it gives us all sorts of optionality as a company to really continue to invest in high growth business but also focus -- allow us to focus our cash and our investment in building the margin for the high growth business through things like vertical integration and new customer experiences, accelerating our physical experiences to the dealers on both businesses.
Jim Farley: Just to complement John's input. I'm struck -- throughout my career I'm struck at how different the rhythm of this digital BEV business is versus ICE. We all grew up in a business where you kind of launched the vehicle and then you work on a minor change or a next model. I certainly grew up in that model. And what we're finding with ICE, thank goodness we're scaling now, because what we're finding in Mach-E is that actually most of the exciting work starts after job one. That's when the OTAs really make a customer impact. But on the cost side and the profit side, I guess we have learned so much about the lack of integration in our engineering operations as we compared our engineering on Mach-E to others that are best-in-class. And we are finding lots of profit opportunities as we get after that integration between engineering supply chain and manufacturing even within engineering. If I showed you our cooling system for Mach-E it has four motors probably needs to be two. It has 60 or 70 hoses probably needs to be one-third of that. And those are the opportunities we're going after. And we are not going to wait for next year. We're not going to wait for a minor change. We are going to reengineer that vehicle now and then use that expertise for Lightning, E-Transit and of course our all electric platforms. And I just -- I'm really excited about this opportunity. Being in the industry as long as I have, I haven't felt this chance to take out so much cost after job one both from the customers' use of the vehicle off the data as well as actually all these integration opportunities. And the other thing is the vehicles are much more simple than we thought. The F-150 has one cab, one box. And we -- for the same kind of ICE offering, it's like 40 configurations. So they're much simpler. And I'm really excited about -- I guess what I'm saying is we're at the very beginning of this journey. And it is -- it's already very exciting on the profit improvement as John said. And I haven't seen this kind of opportunity in the past in my career.
John Lawler: Yes. Hi, Rod, it's John. So I guess I would say that -- as Jim just said that, we're looking at the ICE business and the BEV business and we're managing both differently. When you look at the ICE transition, I think there are still a lot of opportunities for us to improve that business. We're very focused on reducing our structural costs. We've done a lot already, but there's a lot more that we think we can do there. We're looking at operating with much lower stock levels as our business continues to develop. So we'll operate at leaner inventories than we have in the past which will help our top line and continue to strengthen that top line. We're improving our quality which is important. We saw that come through this year from a year-over-year warranty standpoint it was down roughly $1.4 billion. And we want to be at the top in quality in every segment and that's going to have opportunity for the business. We're also working to revitalize our business through our digital capabilities, leveraging what we have from the connected vehicle to improve warranty even further, as well as improve what we're doing from a manufacturing standpoint and leverage that technology to bring those types of cost down. There's opportunities in maximizing our parts business and we're going to lower our distribution costs. There's opportunity there. So we see that over time, as we manage the ICE business, there's opportunity to improve margins even further from there. And then when you talk about BEV, so as we've talked about in past calls, our BEV margins are not where we intend it to be. We have opportunity, but we need to do that through scaling them, right? We're not going to chase top hats. We're going to look at scale. We're going to want to have a strong lineup where we can lean into it with key vehicles in high-volume segments like we are today with Mustang Mach-E, the Lightning and in our commercial vehicles with the Transit. We're going to reduce complexity, right? We know that one of the things that we need to do on our vehicles and we saw that, as Jim talked about, with the team finding $1,000 a unit on Mach-E and they just got started is that, we need to approach the design of these vehicles differently. And that's what's really important about having the first-mover advantage there. We're on the road with these. We're in production with these. We understand what we need to do in that second generation and we're off doing that right now improving what we have on the road today and really bringing that knowledge into our second-generation design. And then as I said earlier on the ICE business, we're going to leverage the compute on the vehicles to really lower our manufacturing costs and leverage that compute to simplify what we do coming down the line and bring that down to the bottom line of the vehicle. And then distribution. We all know the difference in the distribution cost for the legacy system that's out there versus what we see with other manufacturers. So that's an opportunity for us to work with our partners to improve that. So on both of those we see opportunities. And then as you said, Rod, there's opportunities to grow our business and lean into our leading position in commercial vehicles with Ford Pro. And we're looking to grow that business to $45 billion in revenues by 2025. And so I think there's opportunities across both of our key segments and with Ford Pro to improve the business as we move forward beyond the 8%. And now we need to stay extremely focused and relentless on that execution.
John Lawler: Thanks Ryan. So, yes we're really pleased with the position we have from a cash standpoint because it gives us the flexibility to invest in the business as we go. We've talked about the investments we'll be making in BEVs. We'll be breaking capacity contains and we're going to continue to focus on scaling as quickly as we can. The other thing we need to think about is the supply chain for our BEVs. There's opportunities potentially for vertical integration. There's opportunities for looking beyond as we move into these connected vehicles with more advanced electronics, potentially leveraging capital to secure supply chain there. So, there's a lot of opportunities as we move forward to leverage this cash to improve the business. We're also focused on our shareholders. And of course, total shareholder returns is important as well. So we're going to continue to provide dividends to our consumers -- to our shareholders, which is important for us as we move forward given our shareholder base. So I think what you'll see is that, that cash balance is going to be a benefit for us, as we look to grow the business, as we look to expand, as we look to vertically integrate, as we look to secure our supply chain and we continue to develop our Ford+ plan.
John Lawler: So let me focus on 2022 first. So looking at the walk for 2022, you have to think about the 10% to 15% in the volume growth, but mix is also a strong part of that on a year-over-year basis. We expect to see continued strong mix. Pricing, as I said in my remarks, we do expect the continued strong pricing environment. So when you look at volume mix and pricing, we expect that to be up about $5.5 billion to $6.5 billion. And so I'll just walk through what -- where we see that on the bridge to 2022. We are continuing to invest in modernization and that was along with our product related spending, as we're continuing to build out our BEV business. That's about $1.5 billion headwind, but that's broadly offset with other efficiencies that we're working on. You also see that commodities are going to be a headwind next year of about $1.5 billion to $2 billion. And then Ford Credit is going to be strong, but we do expect them to be down about $1.5 billion. And then of course, we've got lower net pension income. So we expect the top line to be strong with the volume increase. We continue to expect to have strong mix. And then we expect pricing to be a strength as well on a year-over-year basis.
John Lawler: From a quarter-over-quarter basis and what – how the quarter developed, we hit the midpoint of the guidance. And one of the things is I think some expected volumes to be up higher than what we had guided. And just we had supply chain constraints hitting us this quarter. Omicron disrupted several of our key suppliers. They couldn't produce. They couldn't get us products. But net-net when you look at the fourth quarter relative to where we were third quarter, let's say as a proxy, volume and mix was up slightly. It was up about six-tenths. But then we had additional headwinds on commodities. We had some modernization costs that came through, specifically around our IT as well as connectivity as we're investing in those growth areas. And then we saw costs come through from inflation. We saw costs come through on transportation, on fuel, et cetera. So we're seeing some of those headwinds were hitting us in the fourth quarter. But demand was strong. If we could have met the demand and the production without the disruptions, you would have seen a stronger quarter. And so as we go into 2022, as we see those supply constraints ease, as we see the demand for our really strong product lineup, we see the top line growing. We see continued improvement in mix. We see continued improvement in price. And that's going to be much more of a tailwind versus some of the headwinds we're seeing [Technical Difficulty]
John Lawler: No. I don't think that as we ramp up at the start with the launch this year that it's going to have a significant impact on what we see from a standpoint of our profits in North America. And then coming back I think one of the questions Colin you had asked that, I didn't touch upon was the fourth quarter or maybe it was Emmanuel earlier on the mix side is we did have lower Super Duty mix in the quarter and that was again driven by supply chain disruptions. There were vehicles that we weren't able to build and complete because of certain commodities that weren't coming through to get those vehicles down the line and done.
John Lawler: Yes. Thanks. It's John here. So, when we look at our Mach-E profitability as we said, we are profitable from a Mach-E standpoint. We're seeing great demand. We're seeing strong mix. So, we've seen the profits improve. Importantly what else we're seeing is opportunities to continue to reduce the cost and reduce the complexity. So we're very focused on improving those margins. But overall, as we said in the past, our fab margins are not yet quite where we like them to be especially relative to our more profitable ICE vehicles. And so, we have to continue to do work there primarily around scaling, reducing the complexity as we move forward. So we're encouraged by what we're seeing on Mach-E so far, especially with the strong demand and the mix but there's other work that we need to do as well to continue to further improve those margins. And our expectation is that we're fully competitive on our BEV margins as we move forward and that's what we need to work towards.
John Lawler: In Europe, we expect profit improvement. We expect them to be meaningfully profitable in this year in 2022. And we're still committed and Europe is on track to deliver the 6% EBIT margin by 2023. They're continuing to move forward. They're seeing favorable pricing environment continue. They're accelerating into the BEV. The Mach-E is a very strong product for them. And again commercial vehicles, it's a strength of ours and we continue to see that grow next year and be a pillar for Europe, a strength for Europe. With IMG as you go into 2022, International Markets Group, we expect them to be down year-over-year but profitable. And that's going to be driven by two key things: the India transition and what we see there as well as the fact that our Ranger volumes are going to be down year-over-year as we launch the new Ranger. And so it's a transition year for us in the International Markets Group. So they'll be down year-over-year but profitable. And then from there with the new Ranger, we're really excited about that product and what we can leverage with that product as we move forward in our International Markets Group.
