Robert L. Shanks: Hey Colin, I think the only thing that I’d just note in the result, there was an insurance recovery, but it was relatively minor. I think it was around $30 million, if you will. So, if you put that aside, $130 million profit or so, very, very strong for us. So, I think when what you’re seeing is the strong topline performance that we’ve seen for quite some time is now starting to show up, which we knew it would on the bottom line. And as we look ahead at the balance of the year and at a very, very strong market reaction to all the new products, we’ve got more coming in the second half of the year. That’s what given us the confidence built from the momentum that we’ve established in the first quarter to raise our guidance on each specifics. So, we feel very good about it and it’s a quality result we went through.
Robert L. Shanks: Well a couple of things. One is the first half was largely affected by the one-time devaluation of the bolívar. That was nearly $200 million and so that’s what’s pushing us into the loss cumulatively in the first half and we don’t expect the Venezuelan government to do anything on that front in the second half of the year. So, we think that was if you will a one-timer at least from the perspective of the calendar year. So, if you put that to the side, we’d have been in at low level, but we’d been at a run rate that was profitable in the half. We think that will continue into the second half. The strong market reaction that we’re seeing for the Ranger to the EcoSport, we’ll continue, its really giving us great performance in terms of market share growth. It’s getting us favorable mix, because the margins on these products are very healthy and we’ve got the all new focus coming in the second half of the year, which we build on that. So, putting aside some anomalous events that could occur, we think that probably will get us at least a breakeven result. I should have mentioned also we’ve introduced the refreshed Fiesta, which is also doing very, very well in the marketplace. So feel pretty good about where we’re right now, and we think breakeven is the appropriate call at this point of time.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, I will just give you an answer to the first and then may be Mark could give you a perspective on what we’re doing in terms of the footprint reconfiguration. We think that the impact this year on our restructuring cost will be $400 million, $500 million. And you can see what we’ve here in the quarter, which included a one-time write-off of some assets related to largely the Genk. So we think – and that’s what we’ve been saying. We think we’re on track to that and now moving ahead with the reconfiguration since – in fact the plants in the U.K. close this week and we’ve gotten past the information and consultation product – process in Belgium and now moving towards closure at the end of ’14. But Mark can tell you a bit more – give you some color in terms of how we’re moving forward on that.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, when we look at – China's obviously the biggest market in the region. Our growth prospects for China, I think as Alan mentioned, are sort of 7% to 8%. It is softening at a very high level which is probably healthy for the long-term prospects for the economy. But we do see it softening a bit from where it had been in the recent years. Our call for the industry is – we've tightened a range a bit to 20.5 million to 21.5 million units in terms of the SAAR and so I think we feel pretty comfortable about that right now. It could be towards the higher end, but we think that is looking good. India is the other big market there and again we're seeing a little bit of softening in growth but it still is a pretty good rate but under what it could perform. And we're seeing as a result of high interest rates, an inflation impacts on the GDP and also on the industry there too. So it's been softening a bit but it's still large.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, we've said – for the company itself, we're going to have positive pricing globally for the year on a year-over-year basis and we think that's the case in North America. Everyone is still performing and acting in a rather disciplined way. You're going to see some players each month depending on the vehicle item what they've got going on doing something. But in general, I think the discipline we've seen for quite sometime is still holding up. And of course associated with the new products that we introduce, we always add equipment and generally have been able to price for that. And so that's one of the things that – in fact that is exactly what's driving our pricing is new equipment. If you took the equipment out, we probably wouldn't be in positive territory. But we think in total that we'll see positive pricing continue for the full year.
Robert L. Shanks: No, nothing unusual. As you can see on slide 11, it's just driven by the industry, the share; less of a – we've got a small change in stocks, it's not really material. There's an adverse mix actually which is a good thing, it's just the huge success that we've seen in the super segments that we've talked about, F-Series is still doing very, very well. It's just that the super segment products are doing even better and particularly on the East and West Coast, so nothing unusual.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, when we had the contract back in 2011, I believe the limit was 20% but we did have some exceptions to that, our facility in Rawsonville as well as another facility. So it's about 20%. We're working on our way towards that.
Robert L. Shanks: Yeah, it's very important and we're very encouraged by the progress we're seeing. I think the way that I would think about it is we've put $2.8 billion into our funds in the first half, $2 billion of which were discretionary in the U.S. plans. And then as you might recall from some of the other presentations that we've provided, if you look at a sensitivity, a one point change in U.S. discount rates would impact U.S. funded status by about $5 million and we did about 70, 80 basis points I think is the…
Robert L. Shanks: John, before you run away I probably wish it were $5 billion but apparently it's only $2 billion to $2.5 billion for one basis point of change. So it's still material.
Robert L. Shanks: We're not going to provide any specific performance measurements around the asset returns that we've seen so far nor are we in terms of the specific number of related to the funded status but we have made really, really good progress in terms of moving towards the strategy of sort of an 80-20 fixed income versus growth asset mix. And as of the end of the half we were at 60%, so really making good progress to that objective. And as you said, Brian it is to match better the assets and the obligation so that when there are changes in discount rates and so forth we’re able to reduce the volatility and that’s exactly what we’re trying to do and we’re on path to do so.
Robert L. Shanks: Thanks, Craig. I think there's two things that come to mind when you think about the improvement in the funded status. One is the credit rating agencies look at the underfunded status and consider that as debt when they're looking at our ratings in the metrics to evaluate. So the improvement there is clearly a positive in terms of the strength of the balance sheet as viewed by the rating agencies and frankly as we look at ourselves, so that's a big positive. In addition, we have assumed – as you know, our derisking strategy is to get our global funded plans fully funded in the decade and so we have assumed there'd be a normalization over time of the discount rates which means an increase because they've been at historic low levels. So, this is simply what we have assumed in terms of the glide path. It's getting us to the point where we'll be able to have fully funded plans. We won't have to allocate as much capital to pensions as we have the last couple of years and certainly this year and that will give us the ability to take the cash that we're generating and invest it in other parts of the business that can support further growth and that's certainly what we have in mind.
Robert L. Shanks: Well, we're not providing a specific number because it obviously depends on the remaining participants who have the individual right of selection of whether they want to participate or not, but directionally probably what you're saying is correct, but we're not actually providing specific guidance on that.
Robert L. Shanks: Again that's something that we're not going to talk about until we're completely finished. The types of individuals who remain include term vested, so it's a different kind of group of employees that have yet to make a choice, so we'll have to wait and see because again, every person's different, probably every different category of employee retiree is different, so we'll have to wait and see. But we'll give you all the details when we're all done.
Robert L. Shanks: It depends on the number of participants and a number of people that were involved in the second tranche programs. So again as I said, Deepa, it's very individual. We haven't said how many people have been participating in any particular tranche. We're about halfway through, so I think I can tell you that. But it really depends upon the concentration of the offers, who they are, how many people and so forth. It's been different tranche by tranche, so I wouldn't read anything into that. Based on the previous question, I think it's probably reasonable to assume we're about 60% of the way through in terms of obligation. Directionally you can probably figure out more or less where we'll end up when it's all done.
Robert L. Shanks: As you probably know, most of the buyers in the China are still first-time buyers. So that's one of the great things about our investments here is we're going after first-time buyers. We don't have to steal them, if you will, which is really hard. So first-time buyers and it's coming from all the new products that we'd launched. In this particular quarter it was the Escape, it was the Kuga, the Focus is still doing very, very well. The refreshed Fiesta, EcoSport I don't know if I've mentioned that. But we're expanding the lineups so quickly and I think as Mark mentioned earlier or maybe Alan, I can't remember who said it, SUVs or utilities are really popular now everywhere in the world and China's no exception. And so with the introduction of Explorer, EcoSport and Kuga which is Escape Europe, the market has really responded very, very strongly and driving the share.
Robert L. Shanks: Karl, its Bob. I think it’s a very, very important point that you’re raising. Obviously, our plan is for all parts of the Company to contribute appropriately to the bottom line, and we’re investing heavily in Asia Pacific and you’re starting to see the green shoots come through there. In the case of South America, we’ve got them back into the black. They had been profitable for nine years in a row until the first quarter. So they’re back in the black and continue to work hard to push them further into the black over time, particularly as we expand the product lineup down there with ONE Ford products. And I think Europe is such an important story, it’s a major restructuring, its an environment that is not a great environment. But we clearly are on a very good track to deliver the transformation plan that we laid out in October last year, its not just for Western Europe, but we’re growing in Eastern Europe or we’ve had a very robust activity in Russia with our partner Sollers is there. So, I think we feel very good about that and the thing its kind of interesting about what happened in the quarter, which is so exciting for us is that with the profitability that we saw in Asia Pacific which was quite meaningful and return to profitability in South America, combined with a lower loss and Europe we actually combined in those three regions effectively delivered about a breakeven, and I think in the first quarter that was a loss of over $600 million. So it just demonstrates the power of what happened when we’re able to get that part of the business contributing much more positively because with the strength of North America, the strong solid profits from Ford Credit and then to get that part of the business contributing, its just kind of – its going to be a dynamo and very, very excited about what we saw in terms of progress there in this particular quarter.
Alan R. Mulally: Yeah, we think – if you just step back for a minute Patrick, and look at the region, clearly you’re looking at the headlines of Brazil and so there is some uncertainty in terms of what that will all mean. Its clearly we’re seeing the growth, the GDP growth of Brazil soften and its running at well below its – what should be a much stronger run rate. In the case of Venezuela, Venezuela is Venezuela and it presents a unique challenges everyday every quarter. And when you look at Argentina it’s going through one of its cyclical swoons and that presents challenges as well. So, I understand your point. We do think that we’ll be profitable obviously in the second half and we’ll work hard to make it better, but that’s just our best call at this time.
Alan R. Mulally: We are not going to provide any guidance to next year, but we’ll continue to have the restructuring – the write-off of the restructuring related to Genk will go all the way through the closure of the facility and that will at the end of the year.
Alan R. Mulally: But U.K. will be finished with the closure of the facilities. That was by far the smaller of the effects that were included in the restructuring cost.
Alan R. Mulally: The only thing I would add to what Bob mentioned, first to put this into perspective, the China market is going to be up significantly year-over-year when you look at our ranges over 10%, but one thing we're watching very closely is in June the OEMs have a practice to pay midyear bonuses based on wholesales, so potentially what we saw is a little bit of spike up in the month of June. We'll see how July plays out. So we're factoring that into our call.
Alan R. Mulally: Well clearly, John, it's really an important topic not just for Ford but everybody around the world because it's just so important that the markets establish exchange rates and valuations. To answer your question specifically, we are seeing some actions primarily outside the United States. And as Bob mentioned in his comments, there have been some pretty clear indication from some of our competitors' leaders about the importance of using that in their business going forward. Now having said that I think the work that's going on internationally but especially associated with the U.S., associated with the TPP free trade agreement is really, really important because so many people now really appreciate the importance of free trade agreements that have the markets established in the currency. So I think we're going to see more attention on that subject and I think that's really positive because it's absolutely really important to free trade agreements going forward.
Alan R. Mulally: Hi, Deepa. Clearly as we say we're getting a little tight on inventories on vehicles like Fusion, and as you know we're taking some actions around that. So really couldn't put an amount to it, because we probably leave a few sales on the table, probably, but we're rectifying that as we go into the second half of the year as you know, as we put the third crew on at Kansas City for F-Series and then of course launching the Flat Rock Assembly Plant which will bring on a whole another tranche of Fusions to meet the surging customer demand that's out there. So we're in the process of addressing that.
Alan R. Mulally: Sure, Mike, and good morning to you. I think absolutely it's grounded in the foundation that we all put together nearly seven years ago and that was to all the customers around the world with the full family of best-in-class vehicles. And then of course clearly focus on the Ford brand and then Lincoln. And I think probably – it's kind of like what Jim Farley said – I know you remember this well that you can't build your reputation by telling people what you're going to do. So we really focus on developing world class products in every market segment and let those then lead the brand and the response has been absolutely incredible. With every new product we've watched the favorable opinion, we watched the coverage and the brand itself, Ford itself. And so I think it's a combination of these great products, a complete family of products and also our belief to introduce those products very quickly because based on our One Ford Plan, we have all those top hats off the different core platforms and we now introduced those as are needed and wanted around the world very quickly and I think that the data that we show today about the new market segment introductions in China, plus the refresh, just is a terrific proof point about that, because who’d ever thought we could be touching almost every market segments within a couple of years. So, I think absolutely the Ford – One Ford Plan and the product plan is a – absolutely key to that.
Mark Fields: Thanks, Bob. Well, as you know we’re going to – we’ve mentioned before that as we look at the transformation plan in Europe that our structural costs over time will actually increase and that’s to support our growth strategy. And as part of that will be the cost associated with moving products around as you mentioned down to Valencia as well as Saarlouis to make sure that we can continue to produce those products in a more efficient footprint. So, we’ll report out on that as we go forward.
Mark Fields: John, this is Mark. As we mentioned, the 2,000 workers that we're bringing back this year between – in our Kansas City facility but also the other 1,400 at Flat Rock, the majority of it is the entry level wage. We've redeployed a lot of our folks but a lot of it is entry level wage and we're planning on that accordingly.
Mark Fields: No, because we’re doing it progressively we’re doing it sort of inline as we get more and more funded. We are progressively improving the amount or increasing the amount of fixed assets. So we’re not moving too fast so that we can benefit from opportunities from growth assets, but that’s part of the overall strategy and don’t forget we are -- as we do that we become increasingly less exposed as discount rates change.
Mark Fields: What we’re seeing is, on a sequential basis we were adverse in terms of net pricing. That was largely driven by the timing of some rental sales. We pulled back on the rental market, but we did have some -- the timing affected some of those sales which affected the quarter. And we also had some other sort of just timing issues if you will that impacted that. What we have seen is an increase in incentives at Ford in Europe, but it is much less than what our competitors have been doing. So, again it's part of the overall story of us pulling back from those unhealthy channels enabling us to get more per unit in terms of what we’re selling.
Mark Fields: I don’t know. I think it was related more to just -- it was just related more to the daily rentals and the timing and there were just some deliveries that occurred in that -- in the second quarter that drove that performance along with some other …
Mark Fields: Obviously we don’t give out specific numbers, but as you can imagine we are running our facilities pretty flat out there, and at the same time building new facilities. As you know in Asia Pacific in total we’ve built about – we have either built or in a process of building 10 plants and seven of those are in China and three that we just announced. So we have four more to go and we’re using them flat out. And to give you a sense of kind of what's going on in the market place our biggest challenge right now is meeting demand. It's a true retail pull not a wholesale push. But the demand pull from the dealers is very strong, that strength is across the regions, across the multi-tiered cities. What has also helped is our full lineup of SUVs now as customers are coming in for our wonderful new Kuga, they’re seeing the Explorer, they’re seeing our EcoSport. And as you can imagine the sales as a percentage of availabilities are very high. And it's having some residual other benefits as well as you know we’re growing our dealer network there to support our growth in the Tier 2, 3, 4 and 5 cities so we’re getting actually even better candidates for our dealers, and its also helping our recruitment efforts for our employees. So overall we’re running as fast as we can there, doing it with quality and delivering those products to our customers.
Mark Fields: No, I think the best initiative -- an interesting thing to look at as you know we all went through our own restructuring and it's a serene experience, it's something you never forget. It seems like it goes on for ever. But as you can see from the results that we have been announcing and that we’re announcing in the past and that we’re announcing today. When you work your way through it, when you come out the other end you’re much healthier and it's just a much better -- a much better situation and we’re confident that the government leaders of Detroit and the State will move forward and address the issues of the city, it could be healthy for Ford, healthy for suppliers, healthy for the State. It's not having any direct impact on Ford, but we’re fully supportive and wish everyone the best and we’ll participate to the extent that we can help. It's just going to be good when it's all said and done. And I think we’re a good example of that ourselves. Didn’t go through bankruptcy but we went through a horrible restructuring in terms of the experience. So we know what it's like and it's going to be good.
Mark Fields: Yeah, I mean it looks like the SAAR is running at a very healthy rate again, maybe it's around 16 million units including medium heavy’s; we wouldn’t say anything about our own performance but we’ll talk about that in detail as usual at the beginning of August.
Mark Fields: Thanks, Matt for the question. Well, in part the change in guidance simply reflects what's already in the bank. We’ve done $4 billion in the first half. We did $3.4 billion for the full-year last year. So clearly we’re going to do substantially better in 2013 than we did in 2012, and they’re acknowledging that. When you look at the details of it, clearly the stronger profits are helping. We are seeing favorable changes in working capital. And then in the quarter in particular we had very strong timing differences which is generally around marketing, warranty, our extended service programs, pension compensation those types of things where the difference between expense and cash are recognized in this category. So that’s -- but I will just remind everyone we had 8/10 negative in this category in the first quarter, so we’ve kind of equalized that plus come out ahead by about 4/10, so that’s one of the contributors as well. But it's generally happening everywhere. The only area we’ve got sort of a negative if you will within the cash flow which is a positive for the business is the net spending because of the investments for products and capacity and growth in the future, that’s obviously adversely affecting the cash flow.
Mark Fields: Well, as I said for the full-year we’re expecting our pricing to be favorable in North America as well as for the total Company. And when you look at the individual quarters we’ll have to wait and see where we come out, but we think that given the strength of our products that we’ve got out there and the customer response to them that at least for the full-year that will be positive and now we’ll have to wait and see what the individual quarters bring.
