John Murphy: Thanks for all the info and congrats Jim for leading the call here. Interesting stuff early days. Just a first question as you look at the strength in the third quarter, obviously there is great execution and some strategy around volume, mix and price that was held by good industry dynamics. I was just curious if you think about those three key factors once we get through the change of the F 150 in the fourth quarter and might bleed into your first quarter of next year, how much you think will reverse and as you look at what you're producing at the moment and your focus shifted next to a richer mix, how much of this stuff can be -- how much have been benefit of factors can be maintained going into 2021 or maybe just even on a run rate basis getting into 21 that would be great.
John Murphy: Maybe to follow-up on that, how much of that you think is somewhat transitory for market factors, can you argue right now that the industry volume is pretty -- is relatively strong relative to the peers, but is not really in absolute terms quite and quite that amazing. So it seems like there is an underlying demand for stronger mix than we all may have thought since 12, 18, 24 months ago. So as you're going after this mix with this improved product, is there something that you see in the market just specifically even in the third quarter because it's really heavy stuff that you're running into real positive.
John Murphy: Okay. And maybe just one last question on lease deferrals, how many recent did you defer in the second quarter that came back in the third quarter or might come back in the coming quarters and sort of envision when you see auction values I should say being very strong. How long do you expect that to continue because it just seems like there's a lot of positive news on these lease deferrals as well as what's going in these vehicle market that's helping out now just Ford Motor credit but the core new vehicle businesses as well.
John Murphy: Okay. So as far as what you're selling into the auctions right now, it's normal run rate of these returns flow into record auctions and no ebbs or flows or pulls by you.
Jim Farley: So went when you look at that and we look at the business this year really get into the core of the run rate a bit difficult as you can expect given going down in the first half and then coming back up and the launches we have for the quarter and so from a cost standpoint, we're going to continue to focus as we said on making sure that we can really leading into what we need to do to improve the business, improve the underperforming parts of the business and when it comes to the mix and the top line, we saw some strength there. We have winded our back due to the strong supply -- strong demand with the short supply. So seeing that going forward, we've been seeing our mix improve into our strengths of trucks, SUVs and our atomic nameplates and we continue to expect to push that, but as far as a run rate and what we see into 2021, we're not ready to talk about that at this point and we'll come back and will have more to say on that early 2021, we'll give you a read on the business then.
Jim Farley: Yeah it is a positive, we see strength there. The question is, there was an imbalance in supply and demand and that gave us some of a tailwind, but we also are seeing over time as we've over the last two years made the concerted effort to shift into our strengths of commercial vehicles and trucks and you see that in Europe and you see that here. I see that around the world. So we do see strength there as far as how far that extends and what that looks like we're not ready to common now, but we do see strength there.
Jim Farley: On North America, I think it's really important for us to be clear. Turnaround on automotive operations in North America needs to absolutely be at 10% plus. As you can see from the pricing and the mix, I think Ford is the strongest brand in the US industry mainstream brand on pricing and mix. Our issue in North America is cost and growth. On cost, it's really isolated to material cost, which is tied to that higher pricing of course and warranty. Our warranty in the last few years coverages is up $1 billion to $2 billion depending on the year and that is not okay. So although it moderated in the quarter and we have taken a lot of actions on craftsmanship, long-term durability, we have a much bigger ambition to improve the quality of our vehicles. We have taken a lot of countermeasures, they will take time, I'm happy to go into those if you'd like, but I would say our North America 10% is really a cost journey for us because on the gross side, we have a whole new Bronco lineup coming our brand new S-series coming. These are fantastic opportunities for us on the top line for the next many years to come. So our journey to get to 10% is a cost. On electrification, I want to cover that one next because it's very important. There's been a lot written about the electrification of our industry and Ford's bet is different. We're betting on a full lineup of commercial electrified vehicles. We're building a plant at the Rouge. We've been the number one nameplate in US industry. We sell over a 1 million S-series. We have an enormous customer base who are looking to reduce the cost and so I'm not going to get into forecasting the volumes, but we really see in this first inning of electrification and it'll be a long game that plays out over many years that we have tremendous volume opportunity. We are not going after the $100,000 plus market. These are affordable vehicles. They're in the price point in the US, the Maki, the $20,000, $45,000 and $70,000 two real crossovers, huge addressable market here in Western Europe and in commercial, we're not planning a very exclusive small 1% of the addressable US industry. We're talking about these vehicles being 10% plus of the revenue pool in North America at their price. So they look great financially for us. But I guess, we aren’t looking at electrification for the propulsion. We think the real change here is the connectivity and to run a business based on the data. So the upgraded electrical architectures in the Maki and the F 150 electric to me is the most important because it allows us to reduce our costs inside the company and give customers totally different experience and your middle question.
Jim Farley: We have more work to do, that's all I'll say. We are not satisfied with the quality of run rate and may be coming down but that's not what we're targeting. We're targeting a fully competitive level of warranty spend on coverages and that's got lots of zeros next to it. To do that, Rod there's a couple things the team has decided to double down on. For suppliers who ship us van parts, we're to have punitive financial. If there are bad shippers for multiple times, we put more resources in our plants for supplier quality. We have a lot more resources dedicated and a ton of transparency on quality issues that are open for more than 30 days in the company. That's a key metric that we drive our management team to. So those are the kind of changes we made and I wouldn't say this quarter is anything that we're proud of.
Jim Farley: When you look at that -- when you look at that cost performance for the quarter, you really look at what we talked about with Europe is all the restructuring they've done, the headcount that they've taken out, they're now approaching and they will approach this year that billion dollars of structural cost reductions. And so we saw that flow through that's coming through and that's going to continue to come through. What the team has done in South America in restructuring the business down there, getting out of low profitable vehicles, selling the Bernardo plant and all the actions they've taken on their structure and headcount, that's going to continue to flow through and then we saw good performance out of international markets group this quarter. They were profitable and a lot of that -- most of that was driven on the back of structural cost reductions. As far as what we saw here in North America, I think with the strength that we had in demand, the short supply, we saw one of our key focuses.
Jim Farley: So thanks, thanks for your question. On the material cost side, it's kind of everywhere. A good example, we have a proximity, a key in your pocket to unlock the door and all four doors of the F150. When we look at the vehicle usage data, we found that people don’t use the proximity sensor for the front two tours. We do not need a proximity sensor in the rear two doors. Our Jack on the F150 looks like it'll last about 50 years. That's not the case for our competitors. So it's everything from the way we package our features, the actual bill material and the team has been working through all these opportunities since February. We made progress but we need to make a lot more progress especially with the more expensive launch vehicles and I think the real enabler is going to be complexity reduction. We've been talking about complexity reduction as a company for quite some time as a key fitness for the leadership team, but we have a lot more work to do on complexity reduction and that will be a huge enabler for not only our manufacturing operations, but also our material cost.
Jim Farley: I guess the three key messages for our electrification strategy, the companies were going after very large addressable markets and profit pools and were playing to our strengths, I'll come back to your question. The second is to turn battery electrics into a digital -- quite important for the company to transition as well. Related to the cost, initially several years ago when we made these investments and decisions, the cost of battery that the profitability the vehicle is really challenging, what we found since then, once we started to look at the real cost of CO2 of our internal combustion engine, when we started to look at in commercial terms offering bidirectional charging, bringing charging to the job site and electricity job site, we started to realize that there's a lot more revenue opportunity, a lot lower cost in marketing because of the connected services and of course the cost the way how the team looked at the cost of our battery, we used kind of a temporary overcapacity situation to get very competitive cost and also cherry pick the best chemistry out there. All that kind of team together with much more compelling financial picture for these first cycle products. I think that's what I was referring to when you look at all-in comparison to Ice [ph]. Also the revenue opportunity, we never really when we got into the commercial world of electrification, I think our eyes were very open and very informed by the aluminum investment in F150 that people are willing to pay in the case of light waiting, more than just light waiting fuel economy, it's a commercial vehicle for towing and payload. When you think about bringing energy to the job site or bidirectional charging for small medium sized businesses kind of a game changer for them in terms of for us to revenue. I hope that makes sense.
Jim Farley: Great question. So first of all it starts with the talent. We attracted Alex Purdy from Deere who went through the whole Deere journey moving to software and data. We attracted Gil who is now our data analytics lead, we've had the talent on board for enough time. We really understand the opportunity. I think the opportunity first came Adam with internal of the company. You can imagine with our warranties, the data codes off the vehicle instantaneously having AI models analyzing all those data codes, how exciting that is to our frontline engineers, how exciting it is to have that data be available to all of our engineers on actually the bill of material and its usefulness for a company that has very expensive billing material. But then it became very quick for us especially when we got outside of Dearborn and listen to the opportunity on services that over the air updates that are really relevant to the customer in case of commercial. They run their businesses off these vehicles. So dynamic routing, telematics, driver coaching to drive more economically the people that have our small fleets, they just love this because they haven't had that data before and we can see a day, not too distant future with a full line up of pure better electric commercials. We have a whole service business and that service business is charging, its small enterprise solutions, small medium-size businesses, it's repair a more affordable repair and upgrade of this physical vehicle and that's what we're busy doing. That's our double transformation; one is to transform a automotive operations, the other one is in a way to kind of disrupt ourselves
Jim Farley: I'll answer the last question first on the product launch. We've spent a lot of time on these launches. It's very important as you understand and making sure we have all the design and engineering ready to go. We've made all the checkpoints and suppliers are ready, manufacturing is ready and we've started that production. We haven't discussed what we expect from a pricing standpoint or what we expect from margin standpoint of new truck and I don't think we want to talk about that today, but what we did talk about is the fact that we are taking a very pragmatic ramp-up plan to make sure that we deliver these with quality and that's leading us to have wholesales on a sequential basis down about 100,000 units and that's what's impacting the fourth quarter. But getting any deeper than that I am not sure we're going to get into that today as far as the pricing and the cost impact of the vehicle.
Jim Farley: I think the simple way to look at is, we're kind of in the first inning of this transition of the industry to battery electric future and we're deep into the planning for the second cycle of those products. Competitive reasons, we're not going to share the cycle plan with you, but you can imagine that we're getting more and more excited about electric future. Now we have some great ice products and we think that that market will still be robust, but we're making our bets on iconic retail vehicles and electric is deftly something that we're more and more excited about in our capitals following. We don't want to just be one of the many OEMs to transition to electric. We want to lead the electric change. That's why we're committed to Paris. That's why we're standing with California and that's our capital and we feel that the way we're doing it at Ford is the most important message, which is commercial and work. Those customers run their business on these vehicles. They're more attentive to cost of ownership, the vehicles of higher utilization and therefore the lower cost of ownership of operation is more important to them and they're especially interested in the data and so I think although we could talk about general investment levels, the key message from Ford is more the segments that we're investing in and that this is not a propulsion story. This is an investment in the digitization of our business.
Jim Farley: First of all, we have a great plan for Europe. We were on track for our CO2 target this year until the Cougar PHEV situation came up with the supplier late in the year. As I mentioned today it's a bit new news maybe not as dramatic as a $100,000 retail off-road, but the electric transit is a really big deal for Ford Motor Company. We're number one in the US, we're number one in Western Europe and we think electrifying this products has been really key and that will be a key part of our CO2 compliance announcement. So we continue seeing more city restrictions. Many, many of our small medium-size business owners are now asking for all electric solution and we also think the quality of the product will be a benefit for our European customers as well. The Maki will be are sold in Europe next year in volume and so we have a great plan next year with the Maki and we have a number of hybrids coming out next year in Europe and mile hybrids could be specific but we really have a great lineup in Europe over 20 models, but the leadership team really excited about Europe is the commercial vehicle business and the electrification of our high-volume van.
Jim Farley: I think the flexibility between battery electrics plug-ins is not very high. So we're really locked in as we should be. So I wouldn't -- this is not like vehicle mix or something like that. All the battery supplies are slightly different and also the lead time for changing battery capacity is a lot longer than most other major components in the vehicle. So I would think about those capacities in terms of flexibility very different than I would traditional ice power train.
Jim Farley: First of all for Ford, our plan is very simple, turnaround automotive operations, modernize the company and in a way disrupt ourselves, launch high-growth businesses like our CB services business or go to market customer facing EV business and so our calls on capital are much more complicated in just EV end vehicles. We have 15,000 software engineers at Ford right now and that will grow. So our calls on capital, our software, the credit company obviously, but increasingly it's these services businesses and we need talent, we need cash and capital to support them. It's all funded essentially by our core automotive operations and so the turnaround of automotive operations is not just a stakeholder journey. It's actually the lifeblood of our future because it funds everything and so how we look at it is getting out our automotive operations overseas to profit and then a solid sustainable return dealing with the issues of passenger cars in Europe and South America and India the three problem areas we've had in automotive and getting our North American operations 10% plus is an absolute minimum for the company to fund not just the electrification journey, but as well on move to services, data and software.
Jim Farley: These are great questions. If you don't mind I don't -- I think it's best if we take a pass and we talk about this next spring. It is such a fundamental question you're asking. It is such an important question for Ford. I don't think the third-quarter earnings is the right venue. We need to take our time and go through this with you and all of the key stakeholders at Ford and I think you'll find it for all of us to be a lot wiser if we just take more time and we have specifics for you.
Jim Farley: Well thank you for your question. It's a very important one for us. After several years of making really tough choices, we now have the opportunity in North America to grow and I'll emphasize again that is something there I'd put in my speech and I think it's quite important for everyone to understand our ambition. As John mentioned, our share of SUV grew. Our mix of SUV grew, our car share is declining almost to below 10% now and our North America share increased one full point in the quarter and we have Bronco we've never had before. We have Maki that we've never had before and we're really excited about the profit potential for all those vehicles. So here we are on the eve of Ford Motor Company being able to execute well and grow in North America. When you look outside of North American, the growth that matters for us is commercial vehicles in Europe. The key growth metric for us in China we had an opportunity to grow again. We just localized the Explorer and the whole Lincoln line up. We haven't sold as many Lincolns that we did in September in 25 years and it's because of China. So we have a huge opportunity to grow China and we have an opportunity to grow to with export models coming from Mahindra and have to say we haven't talked a lot about this, but leak it out and that is we have some really exciting affordable products for North America that are going to help us grow profitably. So I think what you'll see is China and North America growth opportunities and the rest of the world we'll really focus on where we can win with Ranger, the commercial vehicles in Europe and you'll see us continue to grow these services businesses along the way. I hope if there is one message you'll get from Ford from this leadership team is that we're really trying to think everyone -- asking everyone to think about growth at Ford is more than volume growth. We want to growth our software business, our services business.
Jim Farley: Thanks for the question. I don't think this is the time to have that discussion. I think we need to have that framed up in our total capital strategy and calls on capital and where we're headed as a business and I think next spring would be the time to do that.
John Lawler: In the quarter we got payables back to what we would say is a normal run rate and so from a standpoint of the guidance on the cash flow for the quarter, for the fourth quarter it's going to frankly have said with EBIT it's going to be driven by EBIT. So we haven't given a specific number on that and at this point, I'm not sure we're going to do that today.
John Lawler: And as far as the launch to complement John, we are so excited about this new F150 all-new powertrains that's towing best payload, it's the best 150 we very had and we do see the inside, it's incredible, the technology and customers are asking us for that. Look we've completed the design phase, the engineering phase, Howard and the team did a great job and we then finished the supplier readiness and manufacturing readiness. My whole leadership team and myself went to both plants personally to review the launches a couple times and we're now in high production starting the ramp-up curve at Dearborn and Kansas City. We expect to start soon. I think we don't know until we start getting up that ramp curve, what we're going to see but I'd say one of the things that will complement the Ford team how Linda [ph] cash the whole team was the way we use COVID. During the COVID shutdown, we didn't stop with the quality assessment of the launch and there was a lot of work done on the software specially. This is all new electrical architecture. There's a ton new software and we use that downtime to really prove out our capability and so we're a long way from declaring victory. It's a daily huge global team working on the F150 launch but we work through the launch so far. We've made a lot of progress as a team and now we're into mass production. So stay tuned.
John Lawler: Yeah. So let's just impact that a little bit, if you look at Europe, we've had a strong shift into our SUVs as we talked about earlier and with that has come pricing power relative to the other vehicle life and we expect that to continue in Europe. Down in South America, the team has been aggressive and you're seeing products shift there that's driving some of the net pricing as well, the strength in pricing because we're getting out of low profit, lower end vehicles and we're being very focused on driving towards higher margin products like Ranger and some of the other strengths that we have in the region. So we're going to see that continue through. And then in Europe they're managing through revenue management looking at everything we're doing the same thing here in North America. It's a focus we have and a lot of it's being driven by our strong mix. We are seeing some pricing for product as new product coming out and that's flowing through as well. So we're very focused on driving the top line as best we can, but equally and more focused on the cost as Jim has talked about as we've talked about, that's one of our main focus is keep moving forward on the top line and really hone in and focusing on getting the cost right.
John Lawler: So from a cost standpoint, I'll start with that. As I said earlier it's about $400 million for the quarter. We do expect some cost in the fourth quarter somewhere between $100 million to $200 million. So that's the impact we see as it is today and that does also -- that includes the impact of the pooling effort that we're going to have to undertake for our passenger vehicle in Europe.
