George Sharp: Thank you, Glenn, and good morning. Welcome to everyone joining us today either by phone or by webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I’d like to thank you for taking the time [Technical Difficulty] third quarter 2014 financial results. Now presenting today are Mark Fields, our President and CEO; and Bob Shanks, Chief Financial Officer. Also participating are Stuart Rowley, our Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit CFO. Now copies of this morning’s press release and presentation slides are available on our Investor and Media websites. The financial results discussed today are preliminary and include references to non-GAAP financial measures. Now any non-GAAP measure is reconciled to the U.S. GAAP equivalent in the appendix of the slide deck, and final data will be included in our Form 10-Q. Finally, today’s presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford’s future performance, of course, actual results could be different. The most significant factors that could affect our future results are summarized at the end of the presentation and detailed in our SEC filings. With that, I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mark.
George Sharp: Thanks, Mark. Now we’ll open the lines for about a 45 minute Q&A session. We’ll begin with questions from the investment community and then we’ll take questions from the media. Now as always, in order to allow for as many participants as possible within this timeframe, please keep your questions brief and please avoid asking more than two. Glenn, can we have the first question.
George Sharp: Thank you, Glenn and thanks everybody out there. That wraps up today’s presentation. We are really glad you were able to join us.
Bob Shanks: Hey Colin, thank you very much for the question, obviously an area that continues to be on the mind of investors. We’re not going to get into specific margins of profitability any particular vehicle line but everyone knows how profitable the F-150 is to the company and for the company, and we expect that to continue going forward. When we think about next year and the guidance that we gave for North America, the 8% to 9% [ph] and that triggered a lot of the questions. We need to remind ourselves that we don’t get the both plants, Dearborn and Kansas City up and running until we get into the second quarter. So clearly, that impact has an effect on what we’re seeing for the margins of the whole business unit. If I go back and look at the present generation of the F-150, we saw margins improve over the course of that product cycle life. Must wait and see what happens with the new one, but we’ve got lots of things planned on F-150 once you’re going to see when we come out, I think that will be very exciting, consumers are going to respond positively to that. And we expect it to be a huge success for us and to contribute very significantly to the bottom line. So it’s all I want to say on that. It’s a great product and it’s going to be very good for the business and we think even better as we go through the business planning period.
Bob Shanks: Yes, when you look at – and I’m on Slide 10 Daniel, but when you look at North America’s pricing and just the pricing element, that’s really near $40 million. The majority of that was actually on carryover vehicles, we did have some good news on some of the products we launched in the first half, it was mostly on carryover and it’s a line-up with Mark – with Mark said, that was more than explained by positive pricing on trucks and utilities, we actually had negative pricing on cars. So I conclude consistent with the scenario that we outlined.
Bob Shanks: Yes, and in terms of your question on the pie chart – Rod, what we did say at the event is that in terms of pensions for 2015 and 2016 we’re expecting contributions of about $1.5 billion here to our funded plans and that would get us to the plant where we believe, any aggregate might be different plan-by-plan but we would be fully funded. And then thereafter about $0.5 billion or so just for ongoing service cost and so forth. In terms of the debt, automotive debt, we said that by 2018 we’ll be down to about $10 billion and that assumption assumes actually that we continue to pay that down a bit as things mature, I’m not sure that’s where we’ll end up, Neil is actually looking at what’s the appropriate size of debt for the size of the company that we expect to be at that point in time but that is less than those numbers. And then the balance as you rightly said is much greater amount of capital allocated to shareholder distributions and what we’ve said in the previous five years. I wouldn’t put a number against that because it is further out and things can change, plus or minus, but based on our present assumptions that is certainly what we have in mind.
Bob Shanks: Yes, it’s actually very similar to what we saw in the first quarter except it wasn’t of the same magnitude, and in fact, the thing it’s interesting and you’re seeing that, and many earnings reports in this period is the effect of the stronger dollar on a lot of various companies and surely that’s what we saw. But just to give you a feel for what happened, we had a 62% devaluation and – I’m sorry, 48% devaluation in the bolivar, 32% devaluation in the peso, about 8% in the Brazilian real. And it will threaten net assets, the value of those assets now in dollars given that the change in the currencies gave us the $109 million effect that we talked about. That is – as Mark said in his comments that’s part of what we expect to see happening next year, currencies continuing to weaken, and then it will be one of the challenges that we face in South America as we – you will have the positive effects you talked about but you will continue to have high inflation, there is no sign that’s going to go away, and you will have these depreciating currencies.
Bob Shanks: It reflected – I guess I’d say differently, it didn’t assume some massive deval [ph], and clearly that’s something I think we all have to keep an eye on because with what’s happening to the U.S. dollar and the impact – I’m sorry, the oil rather, and what that could mean to the Venezuelan economy and their ability to differ what seems inevitable in terms of massive deval, that’s something we have to watch. We have not assumed that for next year, perhaps we’ve assumed just the continued weakening of currencies but if there were a significant onetime deval by the government that would certainly chang the equation in terms of what the impact would be.
Bob Shanks: I guess a general comment and maybe more specific on the quarter, in general if you go back to Investor Day and I think Dave Shak [ph] had a slide that showed capacity over the next five years and I think we’ve got [Technical Difficulty] and then we show one bar that had greater than 2.7 that was undefined because we – as long as we continue to grow and we expect to do that we’ll have to put in place capacity above in the arm that’s even coming in right now. So I hope that happens, I hope we have to continue to invest in growth in the business because that would just be good for the business. What we’ve thought going on the quarter that we’ve got the five facilities that are under construction, I think all of them either have a full complement of the hourly workers for example in place, or at least nearly in the process of being trained. So we’re carrying that cost, we’ve begun some depreciation and amortization as everything is being capitalized but some of it has the building to have progressed. And then in addition to those, we’re adding a shift, we just added a shift at our plant in Thailand, there is another shift it’s coming on this month in Chennai [ph], and because our capacity increase that we’re planning at the end of this nine month period, actually one of our engine plants in China, so not all new facilities that certainly continue spending for capacity increases, and that’s a play here as well. You mentioned Lincoln but that we’ve been incurring those cost now for some quarters and continue to do so this quarter. And to put it on the context, if you take the $173 million that you can see there which almost all of it is structural cost. So 40% of that relates to what I just described, the Lincoln cost, as well as the cost associated with these plan.
Bob Shanks: In that case one of the things that was interesting I think when we saw the downturn and 8 or 9 months [ph] we saw the pricing go up.
Bob Shanks: Yes, we expect to have positive cash flow in the fourth – positive cash flow but positive working capital in the quarter and we do expect this to reverse. This is really the impact of the launch effects as well as the supplier shortage that Mark talked about earlier. So we expect that to reverse out in the first quarter.Joseph Spak – RBC Capital Markets: Completely or…
Bob Shanks: Thanks, Ryan. I think from the standpoint of our de-risking strategy, the reduction in rates has been almost completely offset by returns. And so we’re about 1 percentage point change in funding status since our year end position, so that’s about $1 billion worse than we were at the end of 2013.
Bob Shanks: As the case, it was actually a pretty light quarter for us in terms of structural cost, I would expect it to be much more of a stature in the fourth quarter and that is in parts we know we always have higher structural cost in the fourth quarter and part of that’s related to what happened later in overhead inventory given the fact that we’ve got production – the plant is down at the end of the year, so the cost – right cost come out of the balance sheet go into the income statement, so that would be a factor. But also we’ve got all the launches ahead of it that we’ve yet to complete. That usually brings with it higher advertising and sales promotion expenses research and market the products, and of course the depreciation and amortization we talked about. And then the other thing is that we’re continuing to invest in terms of engineering in particular for products yet to come. We talked about all the launches we have next year, so we’ll include that expense as well. So I would expect to see a much larger number on a year-over-year basis in the quarter and an increase quarter-to-quarter.
Bob Shanks: It’s driven by the effect of the new car that we’ve just introduced, really very partially benefited from that in the third quarter but we are approaching full production of both photo and the client door sales, we think that will be the big driver of the results in the quarter.
Mark Fields: Thanks, Colin. This is Mark. As you know, launches are a complex thing but we are absolutely on plan with the launch and it’s progressing well. As you know, we’ve had eight weeks of downtime for the changeover at our Dearborn Truck Plant that was completed. We now have started mass production and we are exactly where we expected to be at this point. The plant is up and running and I was actually down at the plant earlier this week, our employees, they are all trained, they are excited, they are energized. And we’re confident that all of the preparations that have positioned us for a quality launch, and positioned just to had vehicles and dealerships with initial sales by the end of this year as we planned.
Mark Fields: In the first part of your question, yes, we expect the trends as we see the pricing this year, to flow into next year, and that’s part of the reason as we’ve guided to North America as 8% to 9% margins next year and we – our view is we’re going to continue to see a lot of competitiveness on the car side of the business, particularly with some of our competitors having some artificial advantages around currency and things of that nature. When you look at – even with regards to that, our whole strategy around investing in product excellence, we have a number of very strong products coming out on the car side as we get into next year, particular focus, the best-selling car in the world, our new one is coming, it will be in showrooms in the first part of next year. On daily rental, as you’ve seen a part of – when you look at the eight-tenths of market share deterioration in the quarter, half of that was due to – or four-tenths was due to the fact that we have throttled back on our sales to daily rental. And part of it is because it’s important that we’re in that market so consumers get experience with our products, but the margins are lower and you know our whole strategy of managing or maximizing our operating margins and profitability but we’ll continue to take a very balanced approach as we look at daily rental. In the quarter, our daily rental sales were down about 32%, they only represented about 5% of our total sales, and that’s down from about 7.5% the year earlier. So that’s the balanced approach we’re taking on this.
Mark Fields: While we’ve seen, we viewed it as short term in nature and obviously in some of the instances what we did to accommodate some of the suppliers that had some issues, we actually pulled forward some down weeks to allow couple of those suppliers to actually catch up. So we feel we’ll be able to make up some of that production in the fourth quarter. As we go forward, we’re going to continue to stay close with our supplier partners, it is a fact that the supplier community is running at or near full capacity, and that’s why we’re going to continue to work together with our purchasing team and our suppliers to make sure that we keep the plants running. But for this quarter we thought there were some unique issues that we’ve dealt with and have now resolved.John Murphy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Mark Fields: Thanks, Brian. Our view on gas prices, obviously what we’re seeing is that the supply fundamental, or the supply growth fundamentals have outpaced the demand growth and we’re seeing obviously the price of a barrel of oil actually go down. Our view continues to be that overtime the price of fuel will continue to rise, probably less so than we did in last year’s business plan but nonetheless, still it’s a non-renewable source and that’s going to play a factor in there. Plus we also have to keep in mind that where we are in terms of the global economic situation right now and a number of the markets around the world, it’s going to through some troubles right now and that’s waning on the growth for the demand for oil. Our view is it will continue to go up, and that’s why we’re going to continue to stay focused on our product strategy; we’re offering the very best fuel economy for our customers. And then when you think about the – your comment around the regulatory requirements about improved fuel economy, clearly in Europe we have seen some instances where you can price for that regulation that goes in, here in the U.S. our experience has been it’s very tough to do that and that’s why we’re going to stay very focused on what I would call the physical requirements of delivering those regulations at the most competitive cost.
Mark Fields: Yes, if you’re dealing with $5 to $6 a gallon of oil, yes, I think the dynamics change very greatly in what you comprise.
Mark Fields: Actually the biggest issue that we had in terms of high prices in the quarter was in South America because that’s priced in dollars and with the weakening currencies that’s been the biggest issue. In the quarter in North America we had about $115 million of higher cost associated with commodity prices and for the total company it was actually about $190 million to $200 million but again a lot of that in South America as well. So in terms of what we’ve got locked in, I think it will probably now be the contracts or hedges, about 85% of our full year commitments are locked in.
Mark Fields: [Technical Difficulty]. As we look at the run rate in fourth quarter, clearly as part of our plan is to introduce our ONE Ford product so we do expect some top line growth particularly around the new Ka or car that we’re introducing it to the marketplace. This segment is the biggest segment in Brazil, the product is off to a great start, we just launched it last month. We do expect to get some price recovery from inflation, we actually saw more of that in third quarter, in places like Brazil than we saw previously. We’re going to continue to work on our structural cost as we go forward. So as we stand back and we look at South America for next year, we do accept some level of economic and industry growth but also the launch of the global products tailored to that market will help.
Mark Fields: And just to add to put a perspective, the context of growth, we got a few questions on our September sales which were down two-tenths of percentage point in China and we have some questions around that. Just to put it into perspective, the September sales were – they were strong, they were steady, after a very strong comparison with 2013 and as Bob mentioned earlier, we had a record share in China in the quarter of 4.7%, and year-to-date our sales are up 26% versus an industry that’s up somewhere around 8%. So as you look at the remainder of this year we expect to be a bit down in the month of October but you will start seeing it grow again. I would think of it as it’s not a pause in our sales growth, it’s more of a pit stop as we position ourselves for growth based on the points that Bob mentioned that are going to be coming online next year.
Mark Fields: Yes, and that’s the only other thing I would add and I’ve said it before, I would expect it to be lumpy, it’s not going to be linear. At some quarter it will have more impact than others.
Mark Fields: To your question, yes, we have. We have driven the Model S, we have torn it down, we’ve put it back together, we drove it again, we’re very familiar with that product. And I think our product development team is very familiar with the approach they have taken. When we think about our products going forward, we have obviously a lot of experience as you know from a number of our electrified power trains and electrified vehicles that we have in the marketplace. And the answer is yes, I do believe with talent we have to continue to add and compliment that talent, absolutely. And part of that is the growth we’re going to see in our Silicon Valley operations which is going to be growing significantly so that we can attract that talent to our company and compliment the already strong talent we have in those areas.
Mark Fields: I think it’s very consistent with our product strategy, you know one of our fillers in our product strategy is from a technology standard, to have some more technology in our vehicles and you guys have seen them in a lot of the technology we have, we’re going to build on that, we’re going to make sure we have the talent to deliver it.
Mark Fields: We expect and we’ve always expected the EPA labels to come probably sometime in the latter half of November. So there is no surprise for us there and we should have that then.
Mark Fields: Okay, why don’t we take that first part of the question – as we mentioned we’ll probably see our sales a bit down in the month of October, I think you will start seeing some small growth in November and I think you will start seeing some decent growth as we introduce [Technical Difficulty] next year. As we get into the latter half of next year I think we’ll – as we bring on these plants with even more new products you will see an accelerated pace.
Mark Fields: In addition to also the new X Series we’ve introduced back into the marketplace after a bit of a high AS, that will help us well.
Mark Fields: Overall we’re seeing some very aggressive pricing, particularly from some of our Japanese competitors as they take advantage of their currency – it’s Russia – their competitiveness. So we are seeing – I wouldn’t say we’re seeing hugely irrational but overall with the market being down, it’s getting very competitive.
Mark Fields: Well there is a lot of things going in the world but you’re seeing our – in Investor Day, our view of growth over the business plan period and we expect this to be in our – we expect this to be a growth industry and we’re a growth company in that growth industry. As we look at some of the various markets, you’ve seen our guidance for next year and the industry here in the U.S. which is up from what our expectations are for this year. In Europe we expect very moderate growth but a little bit of growth there, same thing in China, and of course down in South America, that’s probably the softest patches we see with a lot of the uncertainties that we’ve talked about before. But overall standing back, putting in context where we are, it’s a growth industry and we’re a growth business within that industry.Mike Ramsey – The Wall Street Journal: Okay, great. Thanks.
Mark Fields: I think there are a couple of things. One is, when you look at just a fundamental demand, you look at the age of the park and it’s – what’s the right term, it’s quite mature by our view back in the 2005 timeframe, probably about high 30s, 40% of the products out there, cars, utilities and trucks were ten year’s older, we think that’s more like about 50% now and probably even skewed even higher on pickup trucks. So from a demand standpoint I think the replacement demand versus periods in the past is quite [Technical Difficulty] marry that against the production capacity that’s out there in the industry. Many folks including ourselves are running a very high capacities I think, when you look at those two elements I think it bodes well for pricing in those segments that will remain pretty good and then probably the last piece of it is just the new products that are coming into the marketplace, and in particular are new products. I think we’re heading into a good pricing environment where our new expedition, our new navigator, our new MKC will allow us to take advantage of a very good situation going forward. And that helps putting to context our guidance for next year.
Mark Fields: Yes, Brad we’re happy to help you. $1.1 billion of that was the conclusion of our share buyback program that we announced back in May, so that was the largest single piece. We had $0.5 billion of dividends, $300 million of pension contributions, our debt came down by $300 million and then of course we have the negative operating cash flow that we talked about earlier in the call which was driven largely by the negative change in working capital. So that’s the $3 billion.
Mark Fields: Just to clarify, the production or the part shortages that we have experienced actually were on current products, none on our new launches. So as I said our new launches are going according to plan and with the existing production, that’s been really some of the issues that we’ve had, we’ve been able to resolve those issues, we’ll be able to make some of that production up as we mentioned earlier in the quarter, not all of it but it’s been on existing models, not the new launches.
Mark Fields: Well we’re staying very close with our supplier partners as we launch all these new products, and we’ll continue to do so to make sure that we have successful launches.
