Hervé Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike. And good morning, everyone. We have had a very successful quarter on both the commercial and the clinical development side. And as promised today we are very pleased to include a more detailed review of the Jakafi launch to date in polycythemia vera. So the commercialization of Jakafi continues with significant momentum and the launch in PV has added to Jakafi's gross. Today, we reported Q2 sales growth of 69% year-over-year and we have raised full-year 2015 net product revenue guidance for Jakafi to a range of $560 million to $575 million from the $525 million to $565 million previously communicated. During Q2 we have also progressed as planned on the clinical front. We continue to recruit patients into the Phase III JANUS program and into the other solid tumor studies for both ruxolitinib and our JAK1 39110. The PD-1/PD-L1 combination trials with epacadostat, our IDO1 inhibitor, are all recruiting well and the FGFR and BRD inhibitor programs are also recruiting patients. Phase III data from baricitinib was presented at the EULAR conference in June and we also provided updates from the response study of ruxolitinib in PV and data from the novel:novel combination of JAK1 plus PI3K-delta at ASCO. So before I close this short introduction, I want to emphasize how important and successful we believe this quarter was for Incyte. We expect the launch of Jakafi in PV to provide with us with a new growth driver for the future, as our research and development team continues to rapidly broaden our product portfolio, and we also expect that our financial discipline and strength will continue to allow flexibility in our resource allocation process. I would now pass to Barry to give us details of our commercial performance in the quarter as well as some greater insight into the progress of the launch of Jakafi in PV.
Hervé Hoppenot: Thanks for the question. I will – on the first part of your question, I think the way you can look at the guidance is looking at the year-to-year growth rate that we are speaking about here, which is in the high 50s% to 60% growth from 2014 to 2015, and it's an acceleration of the growth. And I think it's reflecting the success of Jakafi in PV. Concerning the rate of discontinuation, maybe, Barry, if you want to speak about that.
Hervé Hoppenot: On the second part of the question for splitting the sales between MF and PV, frankly we don't intend to do that. And there are a number reasons for it, but one of them is that it's not absolutely clear that for some patients if they have an actual diagnosis of MF or PV because there are a number of cases where it's not easy to see it. What we believe over the long term, there is a guidance that we are giving of $1.5 billion is peak sales guidance, so it's something that you should look at in the longer term in the life of the product.
Hervé Hoppenot: Okay. Thank you for your time today and for your questions. So after a very successful Q2, we are looking forward to a series of very important and exciting events over the next several months and we look forward to talking to you again at our third quarter conference call in early November. So thank you and good bye.
Barry P. Flannelly: Sure, Matt. The best data that we have, as Rich just pointed out, is from the 80-week RESPONSE data looking at 83% of the patients still receiving therapy at 111 weeks. Now of course we only have six months really of experience with the launch of PV indication and we do begin to see a separation, just a little bit, between the persistence on MF and PV. But you would expect that. So in fact we'll have to see a lot more data, a lot more patients on Jakafi for PV, to get a real understanding of the long-term persistence, but the clinical trial data gives us confidence.
Barry P. Flannelly: Yeah. Thanks, Derek. We're very excited about the launch in polycythemia vera. We've gotten great uptake we think from our physicians who have patients who have PV who have prior hydroxyurea therapy. But I think, as we pointed out in the past, it's patient by patient, physician by physician. One of the things I learned from a meeting we had with a group of physicians recently who treat PV patients is they really only see their patients about six times per year and that's to their office. So in fact the physician may only see their patients a couple of times a year and mid-level providers are seeing the patients the other times. So really they have to see the patient and then identify that they have symptoms or they're uncontrolled on their current therapy in order to make a treatment decision to switch that therapy. So it is gradual, but it's consistent and we are really excited about what we've accomplished so far.
Barry P. Flannelly: So on epacadostat, our IDO1 inhibitor, all four of the trials are moving along well, and we're in discussions with each of our partners about the appropriate timing of potential abstract submissions to medical meetings as well as if the data are robust enough moving forward into registration trial. So we can't be specific, we've said in the past, but certainly the latest that we would have data in the public domain would be some time next year.
Barry P. Flannelly: So on the IDO progress, I mean we have certain meetings that come up and they control the timing of when there is detailed presentations of the data. But that doesn't drive the timing around our decisions to move into registration trials. So if the data are sufficiently robust before then, we would not be waiting for ASCO to announce something; it could happen sooner.
Barry P. Flannelly: Not really. I mean, there is quantity of data and then there is direction of data and they're both important to being able to make those decisions. So I really don't want to try to get into prognosticating when that might be.
Richard S. Levy: So we've never been particularly quantitative about what the actual median duration of treatment is in the marketplace in MF. But it clearly was shorter than we saw in the clinical trials where the median duration of treatment was about three years. So I wouldn't be surprised personally if in the marketplace PV is a little bit less or somewhat less than it is in the clinical trials, but I would also think that the relative duration of treatment in the clinical trials of PV to MF would likely be borne out in clinical practice as well, but I can't really get quantitative about it.
Richard S. Levy: So they're in the process of trying to finalize plans for potential registration study. That includes discussions with outside experts as well as regulators. And until such time as their decisions are made, then they'll propose that to us as to whether or not we want to participate. We really can't say anything in specific other than the data from the Phase II was unexpectedly strong, and we believe that Lilly will go forward in some manner.
Richard S. Levy: So for the first question, the biggest part of our gross-to-net is really Medicare rebates, Medicaid rebates, VA, Department of Defense and 340B. So the co-pay Foundation is really a minor part of it. The biggest ones are really the government rebates.
Richard S. Levy: Sure. In terms of prescribers, as you can imagine the vast majority of prescribers for both MF and PV are the same docs. It just so happens that we found a group of prescribers that hadn't experienced the use of Jakafi in MF and once they started using the drug in PV they may in fact have MF patients that they then prescribe for. And the second question was...
Richard S. Levy: Sorry, we continue to have a steady, consistent growth in MF patients. We think that the growth in MF is going to contribute well to the full-year sales this year. And both MF and PV new patients continue to grow.
Richard S. Levy: Sure. So I'll take the first question. In terms of payer mix specifically for PV, we think it's a slightly younger population, so you might see a little bit less Medicare patients. But it's pretty much consistently the same. And in terms of commercial payers, it's exactly the same and coverage really hasn't been an issue for PV.
Richard S. Levy: So I think we're not going to comment on the preclinical profiles of the compound. I think most relevant is to see the emerging clinical profile and then we will have something that is better relatable to the emerging epacadostat profile. I'll say that we continue to be very pleased with potency, the safety, the pharmacokinetics of epacadostat in the ongoing program and see little opportunity for another compound that's also an IDO of one selective inhibitor to significantly differentiate. So our focus right now is on trying to maintain the competitive gap we have and we think that's a very important asset to the portfolio.
Richard S. Levy: So the amount of money that we're spending is not what is controlling the timelines at this point. I mean so first of all, if you look at the IDO studies that are being done with PD1 inhibitors, you need to start at a relatively low dose and you need to wait certain amounts of time before you can go to the next dose level and then you want to generate enough data within any particular tumor type to make a decision as to whether or not you're going to go forward or not. Each of those things are progressing as quickly as we had hoped. Throwing more money at it would not make it go any faster. What we are committed to is, should the data be robust enough, we are going to make a fast and large commitment to registration studies and remain well ahead of our closest competitors.
Richard S. Levy: Sure. So one of the big upside positives coming out of the data that's already been presented was the structure data coming out of a study that was about half the size of the BEAM trial. So I would expect that, given the designs of this trial, that that would be fine. With respect to the expectations against Humira, again with the difficulty of comparing across trials I think our results have been as good or numerically slightly better than historical data with Humira. The study is adequately powered that it has the potential to show superiority if the results are consistent with some of the data that we've seen. But simply having non-inferiority to Humira across the board for a drug that is orally – it's an oral once-a-day treatment we think would lead to an attractive profile.
Richard S. Levy: So the way that it works, and I can't get into all the details, is first you look at superiority to negative control arm, then you look at structure and then you look at non-inferiority to Humira I believe based on ACR20 but I'm not 100% sure. And then you start to look at potential for superiority both based on DAS and ACR scores and I just can't recall exactly what the order in which that is done. But certainly we expect to be able to get to those analyses while still preserving alpha to make a statistical comparison on efficacy.
