Hervé Hoppenot: Thank you, Pam and thank you all for attending this call. So, first obviously I am very excited of joining the Incyte team and I want to congratulate and thank Paul Friedman for building such a company that it’s in a great position to continue to develop a broad portfolio of products to significantly improve patient outcomes. Now looking back at 2013, we delivered a very strong and sustained sales growth for Jakafi in myelofibrosis and exceeded the revenue guidance. The big news, obviously, for patients was at ASCO when we updated our survival data and suggested that we can slow progression of disease and prolong life of patient with myelofibrosis. We also saw data from RECAP our Phase II trial of ruxolitinib in pancreatic cancer and that this data are encouraging for patient not only with pancreatic cancer, but also with other solid tumors. And obviously we developed our pipeline of advanced number of projects and during the year we also restructured and strengthened the balance sheet which gives us the ability to invest and grow our pipeline and continue to discover and develop new drugs. Now looking forward to the future starting obviously now in 2014. First, we believe we will see continued growth in myelofibrosis, which you can see reflected in our net product guidance for 2014 in the range of $315 million to $335 million. Now remember myelofibrosis is just the beginning for Jakafi. We look forward for expanding to other indications, first in the PV where we expect to file sNDA in the first half of the year, and are getting our team ready for successful launch. And next, solid tumor, where we are planning two Phase III studies in pancreatic cancer and Phase II trials in breast cancer, colon cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. Our lead JAK1 inhibitor also has the potential in treating solid tumor and we’re testing it first in non-small cell lung cancer. We are also obviously excited about the potential of our IDO program. Just last week we announced that the deal with Merck to combine our IDOl inhibitor with their anti-PD-1 immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer, where we would be starting studies during the year. And we intend to establish all the collaboration to show that our IDO1 inhibitor can do in various types of cancer. Another combination we are working on is when where we are combining two of our own compound PI3 kinase delta inhibitor and the JAK1 inhibitor first in B-lymphoid malignancies.
Hervé Hoppenot: Thank you, Dave. So, just – you can see the growing number of products into the pipelines, the growing number of indications that we are pursuing and the strength of the team in managing the growth of the organization. And what I see is that, we have an opportunity here, obviously to improve and stabilize the people who are relying on us to develop new products for them, and also to create and build what could be in the future a very successful high quality, high growth biopharmaceutical company. So I think that concludes our formal remarks, and operator please open the call for Q&A.
Hervé Hoppenot: Thank you.Liisa Bayko – JMP Securities, LLC: A couple of questions, for the SPA, can you maybe talk a little bit or actually for the trial I mean, can you maybe talk a little bit about timing of when we might gain some more visibility on the subset that you’re going to be focusing on, and then in terms of – just a follow-up on that, when you talk about the competitive position, and not wanting to sort of tip-off competitors, can you maybe talk about, are you – speaking about just JAK inhibitors or other mechanisms as well, thank you.
Hervé Hoppenot: The agreement is largely around the single trial and does not go into detail about further development depending upon any particular results. Jim is actually were involved, if he has anything to add to that.
Hervé Hoppenot: At this point we really don’t want to get into the agreement in much detail.Cory Kasimov – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, I understand, well, and then much like Merck, it sounds like your interest in casting a pretty wide net from a collaborative standpoint, so when thinking about different combinations with your IDO inhibitor, how much preclinical evidence do you need that you’re getting an appropriate balance in immune response before pushing ahead into placebo studies.
Hervé Hoppenot: Okay. I’m not going to get specific yet, because we really like to see who all the final sites are, how long they take to come up and then how fast they actually enroll compared to the expectations that we have. So with respect to the times of final data in the Janus1 and Janus2 studies, I mean at this point I don’t want to be anymore predictive than some time in 2016, which it’s a pretty wide spectrum from early 2016 to very late 2016 and of course that’s just my current estimate. So, and those are fully blinded studies. So it should be no expectation that there would be interim data before that timeframe. In terms of the Phase II studies although one of those Phase II studies has a run in to establish the dose of either ruxolitinib or 39110 in combination with the combinations we’re seeing and we don’t know whether it will have to do one dose level to three dose levels and that makes it hard to predict when we would actually start the randomized portions of the studies. There is one study where we feel that the dose has already been established. We're moving directly into the randomized portion and that would most likely be the first study to start to read out. Now of course they are as we go into other tumors besides pancreatic cancer we're talking about survival as long as in pancreatic cancer. And so you might enroll the studies quickly, but until you’ve had a requisite number of deaths, the results wouldn’t really readout. So on the Phase IIs, I’m really going to reserve any comments on timing of the data other than one of them unless the survival is actually quite long in both arms, should be ahead of the others.Brienne Kugler – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Thank you.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yes. Yes, we can, Bret.Bret Holley – Guggenheim Securities, LLC: Sorry about that. I've got a question for Jim. There's been a lot of questions in the pipeline. Jim, you mentioned that 60% of your target prescribers are currently prescribing and I'm wondering how you can drive that up. I guess the current prescribers for Jakafi are both potential myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera prescribers, and obviously that's important to have the polycythemia vera data.
Richard S. Levy: Well, so the guidance we’ve given for milestones, we’ve said – just reflect the approval of pricing for Jakafi in Europe.Liisa Bayko – JMP Securities, LLC: Okay.
Richard S. Levy: So I mean that’s always a theoretical possibility, but the doses of ruxolitinib that were used in the RECAP study were in the order of 15 milligram twice a day where we saw in the subgroup a hazard ratio of less than 0.5. So I don’t really know that there is room for improvement over what you can do with that sort of dose range of ruxolitinib. What we get concerned about is when you get into highly myelosuppressive chemotherapy that you wouldn’t even be able to provide those levels of ruxolitinib and therefore the comparable levels of JAK inhibition. So, it’s conceivable that you could go higher with a JAK1 inhibitor in terms of level of JAK1 inhibition than you did with rux in the RECAP study. But that’s not really the rationale for what we’re doing. Right now we have clinical proof-of-concept with ruxolitinib, we have a lot of models and preclinical data to suggest the JAK1 inhibitors will do the same, but until we actually demonstrate clinical proof-of-concept with the JAK1s we are not giving up on studying ruxolitinib particularly in those indications where we believe the drug should be able to be dosed at comparable levels to where it was in RECAP.Matt Roden – UBS Securities LLC: That’s great. Thanks very much, Rich for the clarity and congrats on all the progress.
Richard S. Levy: I mean I would say that there are times when those data can be important just advancing our own understanding and creating the confidence that we need to move forward, and I think a good example of that is the work that we have done with Dr. Gajewski in collaboration to study IDO1 inhibition with checkpoint inhibitors. I think the more that we understand the basic biology of IDO preclinically even in the setting like that we can gain incremental comfort in exploring IDO1 inhibition with other technologies that maybe distinct from checkpoint inhibition, and that necessarily require preclinical gating studies for those. So I would say that part of this depends on the strength of the preclinical data and its internal consistency as well as our emerging clinical data and the changes in all therapeutic landscape. So, for example, speaking about technologies like vaccine approaches or immune stimulatory agents or even chemo our targeted therapies our confidence in all of those modalities I think is increasing as the immune oncology space is itself developing and we certainly want to be opportunistic and thoughtful as to how we enter into those spaces.Cory Kasimov – JPMorgan Securities LLC:  Thank you.
Richard S. Levy: Okay, so non-small cell is a focus of the Merck study. We are going to enroll some patients with other things but the current intend is that the Phase II portion would be focused on non-small cell that potentially could still change. I think that in general without getting specific discussions between companies this evidence that in non-small cell lung cancer PD-1 inhibition is active, but not as active as it is for example, in melanoma. And so therefore the concept was we want to focus in areas where we already know that PD-1 has some activity, but it’s suboptimal we want to try to add to it. And it is our hope both with Merck and potentially with some of the other collaborations that we are not really prepared to speak to that we’d look at other tumor types as well. But we really can’t get into that until we move forward. With respect to not doing a JAK1 inhibitor in pancreatic cancer, we’re still potentially looking at JAK1 in first-line pancreatic cancer where the combination is Abraxane and capecitabine which is a more highly myelosuppressive chemotherapy where there is a better chance of activity would be done with JAK1 and ruxolitinib but we’re just still going through dose finding there not prepared to announce anything yet. For us, we didn’t think in the end it was a good idea for us to do JAK1 inhibition in second-line pancreatic cancer in combination with something like capecitabine again, since we already have that covered, and doing the study there would not directly lead to a new indication, so we’ve been focusing in non-small cell which will be a larger opportunity should those results be positive.Salveen Richter – Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks guys.
Richard S. Levy: So I’m not going to get into details around the contract, but no one is tied. Just as we’re not tied from only working with Merck, they are not tied from working with other molecules. It could potentially include. But in terms of the data from the study there are confidentiality agreements around the data from the study and the use there. But I cannot go into any further detail than that.
Richard S. Levy: Well, so we have over 90% power assuming a more conservative hazard ratio than we thought in the Phase III study in the subgroup that we’re going to continue to study. For us to do a 900 or whatever the size of the ABRAXANE study was, I mean that would be powered to demonstrate a trivial change in survival or the hazard ratio and that’s not what we expect. So we believe that Janus1, the study that is under the SPA is sufficiently powered to give not only a p-value of 0.05, but the lower types of p-values that are needed to potentially support approval based on one study. And in the second study is about the same size in the off chance or a possibility that the results are not as robust as we expect based on phase II, then having two studies demonstrating more modest benefits could be sufficient.
Reid M. Huber: Yes, I don’t think we are going to have we previously presented some data prior, meaning we’ll have an update on our companion diagnostic efforts that are being conducted with Ventana to put ourselves in a position to have a means to potentially select the patients, it’s not clear if we are going to need that in the clinic or it’s going to enable the clinical development in anyway. But we want to make sure that we are in a position to leverage that. They will also be I think pending here soon a publication from Tom Gajewski from the University of Chicago that will describe a lot of his effort that have been done in collaboration with us exploring the combinatorial activity of IDO inhibition with checkpoint antagonism that includes with multiple checkpoint inhibitors, that we’ll look for those data as well in the coming year.Ying Huang – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Reid M. Huber: We don’t really know all that much about the new link IDO1 inhibitors except that on a milligram per milligram basis it’s considerably less potent, and that doesn’t necessarily translate into a difference in safety or efficacy, but it has the potential that with more milligrams you may run into some sort of safety things before you can get to the potency. But that truly remains to be seen. I think the main difference is how far ahead we are in development at this point in time. They are not ready to do this sort of collaborations that we’re doing until they generate more data and so it’s probably pretty good molecule, but we are ahead and we are not really in a position to comment on it beyond that.
Reid M. Huber: So Ian, this is Reid. I think it’s very difficult to theorize that based on pre-clinical data. Certainly the mechanism of CTLA-4 as you well know is quite different than PD-1, PD-L1, and I think that is evidenced not only by differential response rate, but also by differential immuno rate of adverse events, where CTLA-4 tend to have a much more deleterious if you will, inflamm related side effects profile. To the extent we can tell you these things pre-clinically our data both with pharmacologic inhibition and genetic knock-out of IDO1, all support the potential for synergy with these mechanisms irrespective of what the intervention is. And we’ll ultimately have to rely on the clinical data to point us in the right direction. And I think it’s an important aspect of the program to study IDO1 with PD-1s and PD-L1s given they are merging benefit risk profile in a lot of different histologies. And I think that is why we prioritize that and why we are particularly excited about the Merck collaboration that we just announced.Ian Somaiya – Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay, thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on a great quarter.
Jim Daly: So, one of the programs that we're doing and I'll tell you that it's colon cancer with ruxolitinib is a very less line of therapy where there are really very limited options. And that study is being designed so that if the results are quite robust that study in large space to compared to the others might potentially be a basis of a group without having to go back and do a Phase III, and so therefore since – we have pretty clear data in pancreatic cancer that this basis of restricting enrollment, it’s true in pancreatic cancer, we don’t have that data yet in colon cancer. We expect to find it. So we’re actually doing in that Phase II study is we are enrolling two groups one; to meet the criteria and the group that don’t, but the primary endpoint of the study is still based on the patients that do meet that group. So, in that sense that study is also based on that influence, so we are enrolling the other patient population there. With our studies in non-small cell and breast cancer, we don’t expect that those Phase II studies have the potential to be the basis of registration. So there we are focusing exclusively and only enrolling patients to meet that criterion. Once we demonstrate – assuming that we do demonstrate this is colon cancer and the second solid tumor that this a credited market for us, with therapeutic success I don’t think we will ever need to do that again in any solid tumor.Brian Abrahams – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. That’s very helpful. Thanks again.
Jim Daly: So I don't know what’s the investor expectations are. Can you tell me what they are?Josh Schimmer – Piper Jaffray, Inc.:  We hear now it's 30%, 40% there or higher.
Jim Daly: So, I really don't want to try to get into details around depth of response. We know that's been a big topic of presentation particularly with the PD-1 combination, that data is impressive, but what, our comparison here is really it’s the ipilimumab monotherapy. We are not trying to make any statements about comparison to the combination of Ipi  PD-1s.Josh Schimmer – Piper Jaffray, Inc.: Got it. Thanks so much.
Jim Daly: So let me start and them I’m a going to turn it over to Reid, so we created CRP is a marker of certain elements of tumor induced inflammation, and that’s the topic that we are talking about, in terms of what we said tumor induced inflammation. But we are not saying at this point in time as what is the subgroup I’m going to do that. With respect to whether CRP is actually playing a direct role in the cancer or is a marker of systemic inflammation, we know there is literature, and fairly limited compared to the prognostic literature on CRP, suggesting that might have a direct role in terms of leading to optimization, complement activation and things like that. But we don’t think that you need to hypothesize that CRP is having a direct effect to explain that they are probably our other cytokines and inflammatory mediators that are important in terms of both the effect on the tumor, growth survival, proliferation as well is on the patient as a whole weak out than it is a single mechanism. And with respect to JAK-STAT activation I think there is some data – there is more data on some tumor types around JAK-STAT activation than on others, but no we are not saying that that is the marker either and Reid you want to…
Jim Daly: Are you asking about CRP is a fairly simple test, I’m not sure I understand your question.Ian Somaiya – Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Well, whatever this marker is that you are using, whether it is CRP or let's say a cytokine, a specific cytokine, can you give us a sense of how easy it is to characterize it for the average oncologist? Since you mentioned that there's no need for a companion diagnostic.
Jim Daly: No. We believe that other than pancreatic cancer where we have actually a clinical result. The potential here goes across a wide variety of tumor types. So it’s in the group of many things that we think to have that sort of benefit. And then in terms of choosing between them the size of the potential market, the unmet need, all those things came into, plays in terms of picking the first place that we would look.Thomas Wei – Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Jim Daly: Yes, Bret, with respect to MF, I think we’re going to keep advancing the ball day-by-day. The next probably major catalyst for us would be getting some overall survival data reflected in the package insert. There is a cohort of physicians, quite frankly, who are reluctant to use a product unless they see an overall survival benefit and I think if we’re able to get certain OS data reflected in the label that should help us expand breadth of prescribing. With respect to PV, our targeted audience for PV is about 10,000 physicians and I think that is going to dramatically increase our overall prescribing base for Jakafi.
