Herve Hoppenot: Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone. So during the second quarter of 2024, we made significant progress across the business with strong performance on the commercial side, driven by Jakafi and Opzelura, transformation of our pipeline, where we made important decisions on our clinical programs, and capital allocation, where we closed the Escient acquisition and completed the large share repurchase. Looking at Q2 revenue, total revenue grew 9% year-over-year, exceeding $1 billion, while net product revenue grew 10%, driven by the continued success of Jakafi and Opzelura, which I will detail in the following slides. We continue to make strategic decisions that are transforming our clinical pipeline, and during the second quarter we closed the acquisition of Escient Pharmaceutical which added two first-in-class medicines to our IAI portfolio. Additionally, we are intensifying our focus on and concentrating resources on those high potential program, which have the largest impact for patients and for Incyte. We also recently completed a large $2 billion share repurchase, further highlighting our excitement and conviction in our clinical pipeline and commercial business, while retaining a strong balance sheet for potential further business development activities. Over the last 12-months, our clinical pipeline has significantly advanced and we are on track to deliver a number of best-in-class and our first-in-class differentiated medicines in areas where there are no or limited treatment options. When comparing our pipeline today on slide six to where we were just seven months ago, we have added potentially transformative clinical programs including KRAS G12D, TGF-beta PD-1, MRGPRX2 and MRGPRX4, and we have deprioritized some of the immune oncology programs, including TIM-3 and LAG-3 antibodies, LAG-3xPD-1 bispecific, and the oral PD-L1 program. Pablo will describe this pipeline transformation in some details and will provide clarity on the potential timing of data availability. Moving to slide seven, Jakafi net product revenues were $706 million, up 3% year-over-year. Paid demand increased 9%. As a reminder, the second quarter of 2023 benefited by approximately $37 million from channel inventory, which explains the 3% growth of net sales versus 9% growth of actual demand. Based on the strength in demand seen during the first-half of the year and anticipated growth for the balance of the year, we are raising the bottom end of our full-year 2024 Jakafi net revenue guidance to a new range of $2.71 billion to $2.75 billion. Turning to slide eight and looking at Jakafi total paid demand by indication during the first quarter of 2022, ‘23 and ‘24. As you can see, unit growth continues to be strong. MF is stable year-over-year with modest growth since this quarter and the largest growth coming from both PV and GVHD. Jakafi continues to maintain its leadership in MF. Based on market research, discontinuation rates have remained stable in the first line selling over the past several months with minimal impact from competitors. These trends have been consistent with our expectations. Moving to Opzelura on slide nine. Total Opzelura net product revenue in the second quarter were $122 million, up 52% when compared to the same quarter last year. The weekly prescription trend as shown on the right of slide nine reflects continued growth of Opzelura in both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo and U.S. total prescription for Opzelura grew 34% year-over-year, while refills grew 50% year-over-year. From an access perspective, we continue to see encouraging results since Opzelura moved to earlier position in Southern commercial plans, demonstrating a positive impact to net sales following the improved access. Moving to slide 10, during the second quarter we made continued progress on the reimbursement of Opzelura in Europe. Opzelura is now reimbursed in Germany, France, Italy and Spain, and the $11 million in net sales during the second quarter were mostly driven by Germany and France. We expect Spain and Italy to start contributing to revenue beginning in Q3. As shown on slide 11, Opzelura was the first therapy to gain full reimbursement in France through a new process called Acces Direct. This process has accelerated patients' ability to obtain Opzelura, while pricing negotiations were ongoing and were reflected in the increase in revenues seen in Q2. And I will now turn the call over to Pablo.
Herve Hoppenot: Eric, thank you for -- Herve here. Thank you for the question because it's obviously something that has been sort of driving a lot of our thinking in the past few months. I mean, our first approach to R&D spending is a project-specific financial rationale. So if you take any of these projects that Pablo went through and there are 12 NCIs there, you can look at does it make sense to develop it? Is that an investment that is reasonable for a product of this type. And you can go through the list from 12D to TGF beta, two, obviously, 617F and CALR and each of the project is first submitted to that test of saying, does it make sense, independently from the rest of the portfolio to develop this product. And obviously, we came to that conclusion for the projects that are moving forward and either because of certain data or because of the competitive situation, we came to the opposite conclusion for some of the projects in -- that we listed today. So that's the first thing. And then the second one is that something that Incyte can do by ourselves or should we look for other sources of financing for this project or partnering if we believe that it's something that we cannot do by ourself. And that's where we came with this list of projects where by stopping some of them, we are creating room for the new project. We are also seeing some of the historical projects coming to an end, like retifanlimab and like we will see a decrease of the investment in tafasitamab over the next few months as we are finishing the follicular study and the next year will be the end of the first-line study. So there is a movement where some projects are decreasing. Some projects are being stopped. And all of that is creating room to, as was described by Christiana, basically maintain a reasonable R&D spend in -- with improving ratios. And what Christiana just said is, as you see, the evolution of the P&L, we have been consistently improving the ratios with a decreasing percentage of revenue in R&D and in SG&A. So that's a big picture. It's going to happen at a pace that is over the next few years. It's not like a one-time event where suddenly, there is a big change in the number. But a lot of the spirit of what was described today is prioritized resources to high potential program in the pipeline. And I hope you could see from Pablo's discussion that there are a number of them and at the same time, stop programs where we are not in a good competitive position or the data is not confirming what we were expecting at the beginning of the program.
Herve Hoppenot: I think -- maybe I can start, and Barry can speak in more detail. I mean the picture on tafasitamab, obviously, was -- the financial picture of tafasitamab was changed when we basically got for free the full rights for the product. I mean that was a transaction at the beginning of the year, where it puts us now is facing the two Phase III studies that we have ongoing. We will have very soon in the next few weeks, the result of the follicular lymphoma, assuming if it's positive, it would obviously give us an opportunity. It's not enormous in size, it's fairly competitive, but there is a lot of upside for the brand at the stage where we are on this new indication, it would be a large randomized study. So it will add to the clinical profile of the product across all indications. So that's the first step. And then there is a first line coming in 2025, where if positive and depending on the size of the benefit that is observed could have a larger potential for the brand. I think the positioning of Monjuvi and Minjuvi in Europe and the U.S. is really driven by the fact that the efficacy that you see is at a very low cost in terms of safety side effect. So that's the ratio of efficacy safety that we observed with Monjuvi is very unique, compared to the rest of the competition. And it has a space that I think will -- depending on the data that we see will be important. It's not going to be a brand that is in the multibillion range, but it's going to be a brand that can increase by a few hundred millions, and I think it will be a good contribution to the portfolio.
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes. Thank you for the question. This is Pablo. The retifanlimab data did not have an impact on the pipeline restructuring. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the restructuring was driven primarily by two things. One, data review of the existing programs, the programs that we terminated, PDR, PD-L1, TIM-3, LAG-3 and the bispecific LAG-3 as well as a continued progression and promising data that we're seeing from the earlier-stage pipeline that is now becoming mid-stage and we'll start delivering important milestones in the next 18 months. So it was unrelated to the retifanlimab pivotal phase results. We are excited about those results, particularly the anal cancer data that we think, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, could potentially represent the first PD-1 antibody for previously untreated squamous cell anal cancer.
Pablo Cagnoni: Certainly, so we look forward to updating on the progress of our CDK2 program at ESMO in a couple of months. As I've mentioned in my prepared remarks, our focus initially is ovarian cancer. That doesn't mean we're not doing work in other tumor types and not the CCNE1 overexpressing tumor ties but the focus of this initial update will be ovarian cancer. And what we expect to show during the ESMO presentation is data set that captures the dose escalation. We just had a range of doses with our CDK2 inhibitor and different schedules as well. and we'll provide data that we believe supports the case to continue the development of CDK2 inhibitor in patients with ovarian cancer and will provide as well as the data update, a development path for this product for this molecule in patients with ovarian cancer going forward. So it will be data update. We have a range of doses, different schedules and the data supports further development and we'll show you a development plan as well.
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes. Thank you for the question. The most important point, I think, for the LAG-3 programs, both the monoclonal antibody and the bispecific was the competitive landscape, quite honestly. We are behind in both cases, far behind our competitors. There's a like three, obviously a proven combination with PD-1. And there's at least one bispecific LAG-3 that is well ahead of us already randomized trials. So that was the main determinant. And when it comes to data, we'll decide what is the right time and setting to disclose some of the data that we've seen with those programs.
Pablo Cagnoni: I think we are excited about that program, particularly in the continuous need for better pruritus control in patients with PBC and PSC, particularly PSC, there's really no good alternatives out there that have been approved. So the benchmark for Mirum is a reasonable place to start. One of the things we like about both X2 and X4, by the way, about 262 and 547 is the great safety profile we've seen so far. So stay tuned. We'll provide an update early next year. When it comes to the second part of your question, if you look at slide 14, and it's hard to pick favorites from that slide, I think that I am very excited about some of the programs in our earlier pipeline. I think that if you go vertical by vertical, I think obviously, the acquisition of Escient with both the X2 and the X4 antagonists, those are potential both first-in-class programs that address a number of potential indications. I think in oncology, the near-term CDK2 data reveal is something that we're very excited about. And I think that when you look at our TGF data receptor by PD-1 bispecific, we have taken a unique approach to those two pathways that we think could be a big differentiator. And MPNs, of course, I have to mention our mutant color and 617 programs, both of which are not just first-in-class, but they're a unique way to address patients with MPNs and potentially change disease outcomes by changing the natural history of the disease. So I think those are the areas where I would say today, we have the most excitement inside the company. And I would add by investigators outside the company that is showing by how quickly some of the studies are accruing.
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes. Thank you for the question. So look, as Herve mentioned, when we acquired full rights for tafacitamab early this year and knowing that we have a near-term pivotal readout as well as another one next year, led us to rethink a little bit about whether the level of investment in that program is adequate. And quite honestly, we're in the middle of that process. We're obviously aware of all the data with CD19 targeted therapies in autoimmune disease. We're conducting a full evaluation as well as interactions with external scientists to really understand, a, what's the opportunity for taf at this point in AI from the mechanistic point of view. What's the competitive landscape? What does it look like? And what are the remaining opportunities that we can go after with a reasonable and prudent level of investment. So we're doing that evaluation literally as we speak. We'll have an update probably on that later this year.
Barry Flannelly: Hi, Paul, it's Barry. Thanks for the question. So our -- so as Herve said, in fact, we're growing. It totaled patients for MF quarter-over-quarter year-over-year. were up 2%. And in fact, new patients in the quarter for MF were up more than that. In fact, we continue to see growth of MF by PV and GVHD are really the main growth drivers, if you're asking about the competition, in fact, we think those drugs pacritinib and momelotinib are being used in the second-line setting for the most part.
Barry Flannelly: Hi, thanks for the question. It’s Barry. So PV, we believe, actually is growing because of the efficacy of the product and the disease. And in fact, the most recent data from MAJIC-PV showed that long-term efficacy for Jakafi for those patients is quite good. And we believe that, that has spurred the uptake of PV and of Jakafi and PV patients. Obviously, the IRA and the elimination of catastrophic what patients have to pay in the catastrophic coverage area, helps all patients, helps all patients who are on particularly oral chemotherapy drugs. So we're excited about that. We're glad that that's finally happened. And next year, 2025 will even be better when out-of-pocket for patients on Medicare Part D will only be $2,000. So the growth really is coming from the efficacy of the product, and we're glad that changes happen to Medicare Part D to make all oncology drugs more affordable for patients.
Barry Flannelly: Yes. I mean, everybody really said it all, but we are excited about follicular and marginal zone. There's combined, there's about 12,500 patients that are treated in those settings in the second line plus setting. So yes, it's competitive, but particularly for follicular lymphoma. R-squared is currently the market leader in the second line setting in follicular lymphoma and obviously, adding tafa to it, we hope to improve the outcome for patients. And in the first-line setting for disease large B-cell lymphoma when we have that data next year and hopefully, the addition of tafa to R-CHOP will actually improve the lives of patients. In fact, we're hoping to obviously improve cure rates, and there's 30,000 patients in our frontline diffuse large B-cell lymphoma patients. And then our study is really concentrating on IPI 3 and higher. So anyway, so the opportunity for us is there as long as the data is what we hope it to be. I think we'll have success, as Herve said, but in both situations, diffuse like B-cell lymphoma and in indolent lymphoma, it's a very competitive market, but we think we have a profile of the drug that physicians and patients will want to use.
Steven Stein: Yes, hi, it's Steven, taking your question. So you know, in terms of its mechanism of action, it's inhibit hepcidin, which then helps in terms of iron release and hemoglobin production. We've shown in prior data sets that as we increase dose, we get increase in hepcidin inhibition with some variation in the hemoglobin response, which is why we've continued to dose escalate because we've had more room to do so. In terms of treating myelofibrosis, there's both disease-related anemia as well as potentially drug-induced anemia from suppression of cytokines like erythropoietin. So the idea is to try and attend to both of those and improve patients getting anemia either from the disease or from the drug, and we'll continue to escalate. And we'll show more patients with more data at higher doses and then potentially look at are there development path there that will be potentially addressable by the compound in those settings by alleviating anemia from the disease and the drug. So it's just -- it's an updated data set at higher doses.
Steven Stein: Yes, Jay, it's Steven. Thanks for the question. There were two simultaneous publications that were intriguing showing that potentially JAK inhibition can modulate the T cell environment in a positive way and enhanced checkpoint inhibition. However, our own experience in the past has not been as successful clinically. So I don't think if you remember, but years ago, we tried JAK inhibition on its own in several solid tumors based on an inflammatory hypothesis with C-reactive protein. And unfortunately, those endeavors were negative -- we also did some work in investigating initiated work in combination with PD-1 with JAK inhibitors, although we didn't have clinical data, some of the translational data didn't show the right directional changes in T cells. But you are correct in that those two simultaneous papers has reignited some interest, and we'll relook at it. But no current R&D sponsored plans there.
Steven Stein: Hey, Andy. It’s Steven, thanks for your question. On Jakafi XR, as Pablo had in his slides, he pointed to the pivotal BE data, the bioequivalence data come in, in the early part of 2025 next year. And then as the stability delivers towards the sort of third quarter, that's when we would file that indication should everything be directionally correct and then get an approval in 2026. So that's within what we said we would deliver for XR and we await that pivotal BE data for which the study is starting very soon. For CALR and V617F, again, to expand on Pablo's comments, it's still early days with both programs, obviously, in dose escalation with enormous promise in terms of a totally new mindset around disease modification dash potentially cure, because of eradication of the malignant clone. And in those entities, I mean, it's still early days, we'd have to discuss with regulators is they are completely another way of viewing the diseases and not look at the traditional JAK inhibition pathway for SVR35 and total symptom score in terms of eradicating the clone and removing the malignancy and the associated morbidity from it, there are potentially other regulatory pathways, which we'll explore at that time. So thank you for bringing it up because it could be a completely new way of thinking about those entities.
