Hervé Hoppenot: Thank you, Christine. And good morning, everyone. Slide 4, so we had another year of strong commercial performance with product and royalty revenues growing 17% to reach $2.9 million, representing a CAGR of 24% of over the past five years. We have been able to maintain this level of growth through continued commercial execution for JAKAFI, the launches of new product and new indication across the U.S., Europe and Japan, and rapidly growing royalty revenue stream. JAKAFI grew 10% for the full year and was up 15% in the fourth quarter, driven by the launch in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD and robust new patient growth in MF and PV. For the full year, our other hematology and oncology portfolio grew 40% year-over-year with contribution from new product launches, including $69 million from Pemazyre and $5 million from Minjuvi. And our royal revenues grew 45% to $569 million for the full year. What's important to note is that this growth does not yet include meaningful contribution from recently approved products, such as Minjuvi in Europe and Opzelura in the U.S. On Slide 5, as we look ahead to 2022, we have multiple opportunities for growth across our portfolio with our recently launched product, Opzelura, in atopic dermatitis; Pemazyre in cholangiocarcinoma; Monjuvi and Minjuvi in relapse or refractory DLBCL; and Jakafi in chronic GVHD. Later this year, we expect regulatory decisions in the U.S. and in Europe for ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo disease that affects millions of patients and for whom there is no approved treatment for re-pigmentation. For our partner product with Novartis, ruxolitinib is under review in Europe and Japan for GVHD and capmatinib is under review in Europe for non-small cell lung cancer. Regulatory applications were also submitted by GV for baricitinib in the U.S., Europe and Japan for alopecia areata. 2022 is a year full of important milestone where we will develop and expand our pipeline, deliver on new data in key clinical program and continue driving uptake of our newly launched product and new indication. Before handing the call to Barry I want to say a few words on the launch of Opzelura, and our expanding footprint in dermatology. A few years ago, we expanded our development capabilities into dermatology with the intention to bring ruxolitinib cream to market. We were able to implement a robust and successful development program for ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis and vitiligo, and Opzelura became the first topical JAK inhibitor approved in atopic dermatitis in the U.S. and has the potential to be the first FDA approved product for repigmentation in vitiligo. As you can see on the right, we have since expanded our dermatologic clinical development pipeline to include multiple products and indications. We also established a dedicated commercial organization in the U.S. to support the launch of Opzelura and these efforts have been translating into a very successful launch this far. We expect our dermatology franchise to become an important growth driver for Incyte, starting with Opzelura, which we believe can reach 1.5 billion in peak sales in atopic dermatitis in the U.S. alone. And to share more details on Opzelura and Jakafi’s performance and outlook, I’d now turn the call over to Barry.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yes. Hervé here. If you remember a few years ago, we made that decision to go and build our own organization in Japan and Europe. And you can see the result of that is starting to emerge. So we have had Iclusig for a number of years, now we have Minjuvi and Pemazyre launching in Europe, so that will contribute to that diversification, and we launched Pemazyre in Japan, which is a small number to this day, but we have a development organization also in Japan. As you know, we have partnerships in China that are very important and doing very well. And around, for the rest of the world, we are, in fact, as we speak, signing distribution agreements that will give us another layer of diversification. So the map today for Incyte is a map that includes for every project, Japan, Europe and U.S. And we think it’s very important from the development standpoint, because we know these studies are always applicable, most of the time applicable across the world. And we intend to keep that for the next few years. As the footprint for Incyte with a big question of China, where we have a number of products that are already partnered and we are looking at what we could do with some of the new pipeline products that we are developing for the future. So that’s the picture we have. And I think it’s an important aspect of the risk of our portfolio is that it’s not all based on the U.S. sales. Even if today, it’s still a big majority of our business.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yes, I can speak about that. I mean – so as you have seen, I mean, the uptake in Germany specifically has been very good. So there is a sense that the launch is doing well where it’s taking place. And as usual, in Europe, as you know, we have to go through reimbursement across a number of countries. So what you will see over the next months are new countries where we are launching coming on board. And hopefully, the same type of dynamic taking place there. Now peak for Minjuvi, we never disclosed it. As you know, in Europe, prices or net prices are somewhat lower than what we have in the U.S., but volume tends to be higher because of universal access. And so we think at the end of the day, the potential for Minjuvi is meaningful, and it will be a key contributor for us. As you know, we are not booking revenue in the U.S., but we are in the rest of the world. So that will contribute to our net product revenue growth over the next year.
Hervé Hoppenot: I think as you know, the once-daily RUX, the key aspect of it is the ability to combine with once-daily products that are also used in myelofibrosis, so that's the key strategic aspect. Tactically, will we launch it the day we get approval or will there be a delay? We frankly don't know yet. So I want to give you a precise information on that because we are looking at what it would – what kind of impact it could have to the overall JAKAFI business. And obviously, we don't want that impact to be negative. So we are looking at it. But I think it could be something that would be available certainly in the years following the – from today, but it may be at the time of approval or a little later, depending tactically on what's best for the franchise.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yes, for the long-term guidance, we are very much in line. I mean this is – it's getting closer and closer. And if you remember, the long-term guidance applies to the franchise. So it would – in the situation where we would have new products being launched in the next few years, it will be – it's included in the $3 billion guidance we gave in the past.
Steven Stein: Thank you, Barry. And good morning, everyone. In 2021, we made significant progress across our development pipeline with multiple clinical and regulatory achievements. We announced four product approvals that include Jakafi in the United States for chronic graft-versus-host disease, Monjuvi in Europe for diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, Pemazyre in Europe and Japan for cholangiocarcinoma, and most recently, Opzelura in the United States for atopic dermatitis. Further on the regulatory side, ruxolitinib cream is under review at both the FDA and EMA for vitiligo. Throughout the year, we delivered key clinical highlights as listed on the right, which include positive Phase 3 data for ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo and the initiation of a Phase 3 study evaluating parsaclisib in autoimmune hemolytic anemia following positive Phase 2 results. We also signed a collaborative agreement with Syndax for axatilimab in chronic graft-versus-host disease, which granted us the right to develop axatilimab as a monotherapy following treatment with Jakafi or in combination with the JAK inhibitor earlier in the treatment paradigm. And we shared data from our oral PD-L1 program, where we've demonstrated for the first time ever clinical activity with an oral PD-L1 inhibitor. Moving to Slide 16, as I mentioned, the sNDA for ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo was accepted for priority review by the U.S. FDA, with a PDUFA action date of April 18. Vitiligo represents another significant opportunity for our growing dermatology franchise. In the United States, there are currently 1.5 million people living with vitiligo and only 150,000 to 200,000 patients currently seek treatment due to a lack of effective treatment options. The quality of life for some patients with vitiligo can be poor, with one in four patients reporting depression and one in seven reporting anxiety due to their disease. Many vitiligo patients experience psychological, social and the physical impacts of vitiligo and represent the true unmet need where they may benefit from a new approved agent, like ruxolitinib cream. Now to look more broadly at our dermatology franchise on Slide 17. Within our expanding dermatology portfolio, we are pursuing multiple, additional indications with ruxolitinib cream, including pediatric atopic dermatitis and chronic hand eczema. INCB54707, our JAK1 specific inhibitor, has been evaluated in vitiligo in patients with larger body surface area of involvement greater than or equal to 8%, and is also in Phase 2 studies for higher adenitis to protiva and in prurigo nodularis. We expect results from the vitiligo and HS trial in the second half of this year. There is significant potential with each of these indications where there are limited treatment options, in some cases, no FDA-approved treatments. Slide 18 shows the opportunity for growth across our portfolio in MPNs in graft-versus-host disease. We expect an NDA submission in the first half of this year for once-daily ruxolitinib. Within myelofibrosis, we have multiple strategies focusing on improving upon the standard of care by either addressing efficacy or safety. In patients who have an inadequate response to a single agent JAK inhibitor combination therapy has the potential to improve efficacy, which we are pursuing through the addition of parsaclisib or a BET inhibitor. Our Phase 3 program evaluating ruxolitinib plus parsaclisib in inadequate responders and in the first-line setting for myelofibrosis is ongoing, and we expect results in 2023 for the suboptimal study. For patients who are on subtherapeutic doses due to anemia, these patients may benefit from the addition of an ALK2 inhibitor. We know that Jakafi has been a life-changing therapy for many patients with MF and PV. And we believe we can use our expertise in this area to provide additional options to patients. We continue to work towards addressing the unmet need in patients with graft-versus-host disease with Jakafi and other therapies including itacitinib, a JAK1 selective inhibitor, being evaluated in treatment-naive patients with chronic graft-versus-host disease. And as previously mentioned, axatilamab as monotherapy and potentially in combination with the JAK inhibitor. Turning to Slide 19, a number of updates are expected this year for some of our earlier stage pipeline. We expect updated data from our oral PD-L1 program later this year, which could allow us to make decisions on indication and a lead program selection. Additionally, we expect data from the adenosine program for both our small molecule A2A, A2B antagonist and our CD73 monoclonal antibody later this year. As you can see on Slide 20, we're expecting multiple regulatory and clinical catalysts this year and we look forward to another very exciting year ahead. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Steven Stein: Marc, it’s Steven. On your texture issue. So as you heard, we’re in the midst of a very successful launch, and we’ve been able to maintain a healthy commercial supply for that. Additionally, as we said, for vitiligo the PDUFA date is April 18. And obviously, we want to have a very healthy commercial supply for that as well. Given that, at the current time, the manufacturing of samples will have to wait a little bit later on. We want to get it done as soon as possible, but we’re focusing on the commercial supply. We knew early on in terms of the texture that this was due to an extremely small amount of crystal formation that we know is ruxolitinib. It’s API that has come out of solution, and we’ve been focusing on process improvements that will improve solubility and avoid this issue. Some of these changes are feasible within the NDA specifications and it can be implemented immediately, and some require regulatory back and forth and submissions and wait for the FDA approval to implement. But at the present time, we’ve been able to maintain a very healthy commercial supply and we’ll continue to, with the focus on both AD and the upcoming vitiligo, and then as soon as possible thereafter, manufacture samples as well.
Steven Stein: Ren, hi, it’s Steven. I’ll start on your first question related to the regulatory review of once-daily RUX. So just to remind you, we completed bioavailability and bioequivalence work within the FDA specifications for that and then the different strengths have put down in stability. As soon as that completes, we will file the first half of this year. We expect a 10-month review, a standard review. So it’s likely to be right at the end of this year, early next year that we get a regulatory action related to that, just to clarify that time. As for the launch dynamics there are...
Steven Stein: Yes. Hi Steven. I'll take your question. So just to remind as part of LIMBER, there are multiple aspects. There's a formulation work we just spoke about with the once-daily formulation. And then the different combinations, the most advanced of which is the parsaclisib in the suboptimal and first-line settings, which is in pivotal studies, and then our Baton ALK2 program. For ALK2, we're tremendously excited by it because it's a specific potent inhibitor of ALK2 as opposed to momelotinib, which you mentioned, which is probably a weaker JAK inhibitor with this off-target ALK2 effect, but does seem to alleviate anemia there and that's why we're so excited for this program. What we're in at the moment is the monotherapy safety and dose escalation and already with that we've seen in kinetics and hepcidin that are favorable. So hepcidin is decreasing, so we know it's working through the mechanism of action we wanted to work. And the iron kinetics are going the way we want. Over time that should translate to a hemoglobin increase and that's what we'll be trying to demonstrate this year. With that, we'll have proof of concept and we'd go very quickly to a RUX combo. We'll be doing RUX ALK safety anyway; and that combination's promise is twofold or maybe even threefold. So one, it will address potentially the underlying anemia for myelofibrosis itself and then we know for ruxolitinib, while an incredibly effective drug, about 20%, 25% of patients tend to have anemia with the drug and sometimes discontinue or can't tolerate high doses because of that. So alleviating the anemia of the underlying disease, alleviating the anemia from RUX will allow you to maintain RUX dose intensity as well and translate also to a better efficacy. So we believe the promise of that combination is large, and we want to get a lot more both safety data this year plus in hepcidin and hemoglobin data as well. Thanks.
Steven Stein: Yes. Just maybe a little more color on that. Thanks, Barry. Obviously, it's within label to treat any part of the body, as Barry said upfront, although there's a very distinct clinical entity where patients can get severe involvement of their hands only and there's a contact aspect to that in terms of contact dermatitis in the hands. And you've seen it become quite prevalent during the pandemic, during COVID with people and particularly physicians and other health care providers wearing gloves, where you see a lot more hand eczema. So the idea is that the separate opportunity gets addressed as a stand-alone indication that we generate robust clinical data. We expect the study to enroll through this calendar year 2022, and then have data for you in 2023 and that's the premise behind studying that condition.
Steven Stein: Yes. Kripa, its Steven. Whether we conduct an R&D day or not, we'll wait to tell you on that, I'm not sure we've decided. Just in terms of the IO platform, as we alluded to in the prepared remarks, the oral PD-L1 program is at a very exciting stage of development. We have three products in the clinic, all of whom have shown clinical activity. The two other products behind Pfizer have no peripheral neuropathy, and we want to make further decisions this year. We also have an exciting adenosine program, both the small molecule 2A, 2B antagonist and a CD73 antibody, which is also going through the clinic this year And then our LAG-3 program. The field has been sort of reignited beyond checkpoint alone now with data on LAG, TIGIT and potentially TIM-3 as well and there'll be some moving targets and we'll give more clinical plans when we're ready to share them. But we are – we have a very healthy IO pipeline. We're positioned in all those areas well and stay tuned on the oral PD-L1. I'll just leave it at that.
Barry Flannelly: Hi, Vikram, it's Barry. I can answer your first question. The 40% to 50% is what we say for this second half of the year. When things stabilize and we hope that continues into the future, I can't really predict what the future is going to bring after that. But certainly, we know that the value of the product to patients, to physicians is high, and therefore, I think that we can continue to manage and work with the payers to make sure that we have a reasonable gross-to-net for the product. The second question is just hard to predict. I mean patients are using the product everywhere. They're using it on their hands, their face. Obviously, a non-steroidal product like Opzelura is good to use on sensitive areas, including the face and other sensitive areas. So I don't know. The refills are coming in. They're increasing each and every month. Obviously, as more and more patients come on, most of them have gotten one tube so far, and then perhaps 15% of them have gotten a refill and those refills will continue. We'll obviously have more data for you in the future, particularly about refills, and that's a very important component of our continued growth. But as far as the areas of body they're using the drug on, I'm sure it's going to be all areas where they have continued problems with eczema, with atopic dermatitis.
Barry Flannelly: As far as patient journey goes, I mean, obviously, there's millions of patients that have eczema, atopic dermatitis. Today throughout the United States, they've been cycling through low potency steroids, high potency steroids and then TCIs. And so there, we don't really anticipate any future barriers whatsoever. We anticipate increased demand for the product, both from physicians and from patients because the more experience that they continue to have with the drug, the more happy they are with the drug. So while we – I mean, this is common, in fact, for new products launching in areas like atopic dermatitis or psoriasis, to have a period of time where you're covering into coverage. Sort of one of the things we like to say is that we're going to make sure that if a prescription is written by a dermatologist, by a dermatology office, it's going to be – the patient is going to be able to get it. And they're going to be able to get it now in the early periods of time with our help. But as coverage comes online, which is coming online every single day we expect that the gross-to-net will improve and that the barriers, if there is any barriers, will be removed. As far as the refill volume, it's very early, and we actually think that this will continue. Patients are coming back all the time and I think you'll see the refill percentage continue to increase with the new prescription volume. And obviously, as we move into vitiligo, things will even get better. We'll have even new Rxs going up and then those patients will be coming back for refills as well.
Barry Flannelly: Sure. So Barry, again. So the switches – the vast majority of patients are coming off of steroids. They have been prior treated with steroids, but it's everything. In fact, patients who have been treated with Dupixent with Eucrisa with TCIs, they're all coming off therapy or have been prior treated with those drugs and maybe they're not getting relief and now they're getting relief or switching to Opzelura. So it's really mostly steroids, and that's what we expected because we think this is the perfect product for patients with atopic dermatitis from the beginning, from steroids all the way up to injectable biologics, and there's millions of patients right there that we can help with this drug. The second part of your question was, out of pocket. So I think what I said is that no patients will have to pay more than $10 out of pocket. What we expect, of course, is that more and more of the plans, their insurance will pick up the cost of the drug. Some of them obviously have high deductibles, some of them have low deductibles, some of them just have a $10 co-pay when they’re covered by commercial insurance. But patients will have to pay no more than $10, and that’s what we guarantee. And to be quite honest, that’s what many other drug companies do. They keep the out-of-pocket cost to patients low. Now, patients on different tiers tend to have a different co-pay and it could average at Tier 1 that they have a $10 co-pay or no co-pay, and then the average is somewhere between $60 to $70 if it’s Tier 2 or Tier 3. It’s the rare patient that really has a big gigantic co-pay that we have to pick up.
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Marc, it’s Barry. No, the guidance is included on vitiligo launch. Now when vitiligo is approved, of course, so we don’t have to go back and do new contracts with the GPO/PBMs again for Opzelura. But each of the plans, because now you have hundreds of downstream plants, obviously, write their own utilization criteria and add the drug dose formulary and that takes a little bit of time. But other than that, the drug is available. It will be available to vitiligo patients that can prescribe it and it just has to take a little bit of time for the various plans to add it to their formulary or update their utilization criteria.
Barry Flannelly: Well, we’re very – Barry again. So we’re very confident in removing the NDC blocks. We’re in active advanced negotiations with them. The first part is signing these base agreements. So to get all of the contract specifications locked up. So we know how to proceed going forward. Knowing what the base rebates are, what the rebates would be for example, if there is one step, two steps, that sort of thing, it’s a sort of a menu approach. So the team is actively negotiating right now. We’re very confident. There’s a great demand for this drug. There’s a great push from the downstream plans. As you know, all these PBMs aren’t just working for one insurance company, they’re working for many insurance companies. They’re getting contracts for many insurance companies. And many of those have already established and put Opzelura on formulary and establish utilization criteria. And of course, they’re not getting any rebate now they’re paying at WAC. So they’re pushing to get all of the NDC blocks removed. And even when patients have an NDC block, you can still overcome that NDC block with a prior approval and a medical exception. So other companies live with NDC blocks forever because they might not be able to negotiate with one or two particular PBMs, we’re very confident that we’re going to be able to do this because of the value proposition offers both to patients and physicians, but also to the payers themselves because this is an effective therapy that most patients who are treated, 88% of them, are clear – become clear over time, and therefore, they don’t need any other therapy. So it’s really the value proposition that will make them want to have this product on formulary under contract and to be able to get their rebate and fees that they desire.
Barry Flannelly: The contracting – well, what I explained before is we don’t need to go back to the PBMs that we already have contracts with and the PBMs that were – and GPOs that we’re currently contracting with for the full NDC block and vitiligo will be included in that process. But the whole step process is that then the downstream plans across the country just have to add it to their formulary. So that’s just a P&T committee decision. Our market access team works with all of those plans across the country to get that on formulary and have utilization criteria in place as soon as possible after launch. In fact, they can work with them now, talk about 2b data for the vitiligo indication, and hopefully, very soon after launch, all of them will have the drug on the formulary. So we don’t have to go back to the PBMs, GPOs again for vitiligo. As far as the sales force is getting ready, it is tricky. I have to admit. We’re concentrating on accelerating the AD launch. It’s going very well. Everybody is very excited about it. But of course, we have a dedicated team working on the vitiligo launch. To be honest, we work with our advocacy groups, our patient groups that are very interested in getting a drug approved for vitiligo. There’s been a great deal of interest, both from payers, dermatologists. What really helped was the patient-focused drug development meeting that the FDA held on vitiligo and emphasize the great need for a treatment like Opzelura for vitiligo because these patients are really suffering. And this is the first true drug that can repigment the skin and hopefully improve the quality of life for them. And it’s the same sales – and what you’re asking is the size of the sales force. It’s the same sales force, it’s the same number of people going to see the same dermatologist. So there’s no expansion there. Of course, there’s some investments in advertising and promotion, but that’s already figured into the SG&A that we laid out for this year.
Barry Flannelly: Sure. So I'll answer the first part of the question, maybe Steven can jump in a little bit on chronic hand. So yes, we expect all of the agreements that I discussed, the third PBM coming on board this year and then the NDC blocks removing for all of the PBMs this year. So that's what our expectation is. Chronic hand eczema, I think it is an opportunity for us. It's a severe disease. It's difficult to handle, and I think it will demonstrate the effectiveness that Opzelura really provides to these patients.
Barry Flannelly: Yes. And just to add to it. I mean we are very happy with the new patient starts, actually, that recovered throughout 2021, especially in Q4. Obviously, the chronic GVHD launch is a big factor in that. And even the benefit for patients with chronic GVHD as sort of a halo effect over the rest of the indications. So as Christiana said, the low end of guidance is simply the uncertainty over COVID. Last year, we thought things were getting better in the summer moving into fall, and then we had Omicron hit. And so – we're fully expecting to have a good COVID-free, hopefully, year coming forward so that patients do not stay away and that our field force can have access to the offices, which oncology offices tend to close down. But as far as what's happening with the rest of the indications for JAKAFI, as I said, chronic GVHD growing very well. Myelofibrosis patients in fact, we believe that physicians are starting myelofibrosis patients earlier now just because of the survival benefit that JAKAFI offers to MF patients. PD patients are staying – the duration of therapy continues to increase. So we hope, we expect, that the MF, PD and GVHD growth will continue. The high growth of GVHD in the fourth quarter obviously was a little affected by the expanded access – patients on our expanded access program that gets switched over to commercial. But nevertheless, we fully expect JAKAFI to continue to be the standard of care in steroid-refractory acute and chronic GVHD. And of course, it's life-saving potentially can extend life for myelofibrosis patients and provide a great quality of life, a better quality of life for patients with polycythemia vera.
Barry Flannelly: Sure. As far as step therapies go, they vary. Like I said, there's millions of patients that have been treated already with topical steroids, calcineurin inhibitors, they'll continue. Some will have one step, some will have two steps. Some will just be two topical therapies, which may be a low-potency steroid and a high-potency steroid. The other part of the question, you...
Christiana Stamoulis: So Tazeen, the co-pay assistance is reflected in the 40% to 50% range at steady state that we have indicated.
Christiana Stamoulis: So let me start with the last question, and then I’ll turn it to Steven to give you an update on the texture issue. In terms of the SG&A guidance, it does reflect all costs associated with commercializing and marketing and supporting the Opzelura launch, so including DTC. Also one thing that I think is worth noting, as you look at the guidance that we have provided for SG&A and R&D, it covers costs associated with both hemo as well as dermatology. So the SG&A guidance fully reflects costs associated with Opzelura. However, when you look at the revenue guidance that we have provided, there, we have provided guidance on just the hemo part of the business, including MPNs. So you have part of the picture, you don’t have the other part in terms of the Opzelura as well as royalties and milestones.
Christiana Stamoulis: So let me start and Barry can add here. But when you look at the 2022 guidance range that we provided for JAKAFI 2.3 to 2.4. So if you look at the high end of the range, it implies a 12% year-over-year growth or in dollar terms, incremental revenues of $265 million relative to 2021. So that level of incremental revenue growth is very much in line with the growth we've been seeing pre-pandemic. And that reflects and assumes continued growth across all indications and especially GVHD, where we have the most recent approval for chronic GVHD use. The low end of the range reflects the uncertainty around COVID-19 and how this may play out in the year, but that's how – what is really reflected by the two ends of the range.
Christiana Stamoulis: Yes, I can take the second part. In terms of the 70%, there you have other discounts and fees, distribution of fees and related discounts that we may be providing as well as the co-pay assistance for that bucket as well.
