Hervé Hoppenot: Thank you, Christine, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, revenues increased 29% year-over-year, reaching $911 million. JAKAFI net sales grew 13% to $598 million, benefiting from growth in new patient start in all three indications. The contribution from our other hematology and oncology products continued to increase at the launches of PEMAZYRE and MINJUVI progress in Europe and Japan. We also made significant progress with the launch of OPZELURA in atopic dermatitis where we now have the third PBM GPO contract signed. This is a key milestone in achieving broad formulary access and an important step towards accelerating the growth of OPZELURA net revenues. As we shift from free drug to paid prescription, we are seeing some temporary delays in the filling of prescription, which had an impact on second quarter revenues. However, patient demand and satisfaction remains strong and improvement in reimbursement are translating to an increase in covered claims with a significant increase seen in July. These metrics are pointing to a continuation of a successful launch in atopic dermatitis. Turning to Slide 5. Two weeks ago, OPZELURA was also approved for the treatment of nonsegmental vitiligo, becoming the first and only therapy for repigmentation for these patients. The approval of OPZELURA was a momentous occasion for the millions of people living with the disease and generated a tremendous amount of excitement in the dermatology community with advocacy groups and patients. Turning to Slide 6. We also had multiple approvals this quarter with our partnered products. Jakavi was approved as the first post steroid systemic treatment for both acute and chronic GVHD in Europe. Olumiant was approved as the first and only systemic treatment for alopecia areata in the U.S., Europe and Japan; and Tabrecta received European approval for a subgroup of patients with non-small cell lung cancer. Together, this approval provided insight with $130 million of milestone revenues and will contribute with royalties to our future revenue growth. Finally, looking at some of the additional highlights of our pipeline on Slide 7, for baricitinib, formerly known at 707, is now in preparation for a Phase III study in HS following the positive results from our Phase II trials. As part of the LIMBER program, IND clearance was received for CK0804, Cellenkos cord-blood-derived Treg cells as adoptive therapy to ruxolitinib for the treatment of myelofibrosis. We also received FDA clearance – FDA acceptance of the NDA submission for QD ruxolitinib with a PDUFA date of March 23. And lastly, in early development, we expect to initiate a clinical program later this year with 459, a LAG-3 PD-1 bispecific antibodies developed in partnership with Merus. We have multiple ongoing studies across dermatology, LIMBER and hematology/oncology, as you can see on the right, where each represents a meaningful opportunity and puts us in an excellent position for future growth and diversification. With that, I'll turn the call over to Barry.
Hervé Hoppenot: Sure, Brian. So our expectations are for where we're placed on formula again is the utilization criteria that downstream plans end up putting into place for ADs. So most of the plans can have one prior therapy or two prior therapies at TCI or TCS. All of our contracts are written so that the downstream plans can take advantage of rebates by deciding to put it after one step or two steps. But most of them are just there, they are at one step or two step. And we think that will evolve over time and only get better. There is not necessarily miscoding at pharmacies, there certainly was a little bit of maybe an unexpected slow-down that we believe is fixed now that when people were switching from the free drug program to the prior approvals, it was easier for some pharmacies to continue to get free drug rather to go in through the prior approval process. But in this marketplace prior approvals are the norm. And in fact, dermatologists are used to doing prior approvals all the time. Most of them are electronic prior approvals that occur very quickly and if not they might take one or two days to get through the prior approval process. So we did have a slowdown but it really picked back up again. And I'm really proud of our market access team that was able to step in and solve these problems. For the gross-to-net, I might hand it over to Christiana.
Hervé Hoppenot: Just a comment on that, I mean, there are two ways to look at it. I mean, you can look at it over the entire set of prescription over a period of time. And that's the graph we have showing that over given quarter, the gross-to-net for all of these prescriptions, is on average has been 81% and improving obviously will be improving in Q3. And then you have the other aspect, which is the percentage of cover claim. And when the claim is covered, the net price for given tubes, that one tube that is covered is in fact very much in line with our target that we have given for the full year, the 40% to 50%.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yes, so Evan, it was temporary. We believe we had a problem mostly with the large portion of our prescriptions are filled by independent pharmacies, so it took us a little while to work together with them to work out them getting back to doing prior approvals, which they are very familiar with. And we're very confident that that was in fact temporary. Now the gross-to-net of 40% to 50% going forward in 2023 and beyond, we're certainly going to do everything we can to protect our gross-to-net. As you know the PBMs and pairs will always come back and try to get more and more and more. So we just keep on working to maintain that gross-in-net, because we think the value that this product offers is exceptional and we don't want to lose that value.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yes. So, our script data is very accurate. Obviously, we know exactly how much we're shipping. We know what we've reported the 867 data is what our wholesalers shipped to the pharmacies, which we think really reflects prescription volume. Just getting to your last part, the demand in Q2 was actually higher than Q1. I believe it was 42,000 tubes in Q1 for demand and 47,000 tubes in Q2 for demand. So the difference in the growth sales that we reported last time, and this time is really an inventory issue. So inventory was lower at the end of Q2 than we anticipated. So that's really the difference there. So we're very confident. And now what we've talked about TRx is that's IQVIA TRx. So there is a misalignment that often happens with the products that IQVIA sells, particularly at the beginning of a launch. And they happen to be – and this is the data, obviously that you guys get other analysts and investors get. So, it worries us a little bit when they are over projecting. We work with IQVIA, and they will, in fact, at some point make the corrections and as they often do, and they go back and send out to their customers what they believe the real data is today. So we're very confident about our data, we're very confident that now week after week, as it was in the beginning of year prescriptions will continue to grow from this point on. And I don't anticipate any barriers to demand growth going forward.
Hervé Hoppenot: Well, I don't know why [indiscernible] priced as they do or anybody else does pricing. We, we're confident in the value that we offer and that's the price now. Also roflumilast at least the data they released so far in atopic dermatitis is not that impressive. So it didn't come near the efficacy and safety that Opzelura offers to AD patients. So their approval is completely different indication, plaque psoriasis and so apparently it's okay in plaque psoriasis and they have lots of competition there. So maybe their price point is based upon both the systemic competition as well as the other topical competition. So that's – that was their decision, but we're confident in the way we priced our drug. And we're confident that both of these drugs that have recently been approved for plaque psoriasis will not equally efficacy that we've demonstrated in our two Phase 3 trials thus far.
Hervé Hoppenot: So I'll take the first part and then hand the axatilimab question over to Steven, so copay assistance. So there's a couple of different parts of that. So as we launch the program as many other companies do when they launch a new drug and this sort of marketplace is that you pick up the full cost of the drug. So we fully anticipated doing that. We wanted to have a very generous program so that full buy-down program essentially will be phased out over time and is being traced out even now. But their copay card program to assist patients that have a high copay will always be in place. So we'll always do that. Plus even patients that have maybe they go through the prior approval process and they're denied through our inside CARES program, they'll be able to make – they'll be able to get drug. So in terms of GVHD, it's the chronic launch. So we did have a bolus in 2021 that we talked about. We had expanded access program. We switched 200 or 300 patients over from Expanded Access Program to GVHD. That's all gone and we continue to grow as we've demonstrated the 18% year-over-year growth. Chronic is – we acute and chronic steroid-refractory acute GVHD Jakafi is the standard of care. Hands down, and we're very proud of that. Chronic patients are getting a lot of benefit from Jakafi and they'll continue to get benefit. We'll see continued growth there. I think we've talked about before how we divided up GVHD and you can see that it's about 15% of our units going out. Our net sales are approximately 15%. We expect that to continue to grow. There's about 14,000 chronic GVHD patients out there. The prevalent population is about 14,000 but the incident population is relatively small. So it's an exciting area that we're in. We think axatilimab was build upon that franchise that we have in chronic GVHD. And I'll hand the call over to Steven now for...
Hervé Hoppenot: That's a lot of questions. But we'll try to answer them one at a time. So who's prescribing? So dermatologist and dermatologist offices are prescribing, but that's dermatologist physicians assistants and nurse practitioners of which there are many, and they're all prescribing. There's some allergists who are prescribing as well. So that's what's happening there. Breakdown of copays it's sort of all over the place. We do expect an average copay that that a patient might have once they're – once their plan covers Opzelura either for AD or for vitiligo and could settle somewhere around $40. Unfortunately at the beginning of the year many patients also have a deductible that they have to meet before they get to their copay, so we pick that up as well. And yes copay assistance is part of the gross to net that's a factor in our net sale. So any copay that we pick up versus removed, but it's relatively low compared to – compared to a full buy down or something like that. And number of scripts turned away by patients due to copays, I don't know? Like I said, there shouldn't be any due to copays because we'll help them to pick up the copay if they have. Copay that is difficult for them to afford, but how many scripts that people walk away from, because of that I think, it shouldn't be any to be honest with you. Like we said, we did have a little bit of a hiccup there where patients might have not been getting their prescriptions as fast as they should have or may have walked away because it was taking too long to get them filled. We think we have that completely fixed now. And there's always going to be problems in this marketplace that we have, in this healthcare system that we have of patients running into barriers. But in fact we do everything we possibly can to make sure those patients get the scripts that they need.
Hervé Hoppenot: Sure. As far as the survey goes, I mean all that's really saying is that when we first ask physicians what percent of patients that they believe are eligible for Opzelura and this was in fact in AD. They gave a number but now that more and more have used, they've seen the safety and efficacy that Opzelura provides. We have many patients and physicians who send in pictures of their eczema resolving relatively quickly or very quickly because of the use. So they're very excited about it. So the more they get experience with it, the dermatologist, physicians, nurse practitioners, PAs the more they decide that this could really help a greater number of patients than we imagined. So I think that's only going to continue to increase both for AD and for vitiligo as dermatologists really see how the efficacy and safety of this product. For rux QD, we're going to launch in next year how we're going to position it? Well we think that this, well once a day versus twice a day is a very good option for many patients. So across all of our indications obviously the real reason that we're having rux QD roll out is because we want to combine it with other products that Steven talked about before that we have in our pipeline that we think will add to the safety and efficacy of – or the efficacy that Jakafi already provides. So that's the real purpose of launching it, but we think many people will benefit just from, the convenience factor the better compliance that they'll get from a once a day versus a twice a day.
Hervé Hoppenot: Sure. Steven thanks for the question. So our current label with Opzelura is in patients with 10% or less body surface area involvement, which incorporates about 80% of patients with non-segmental vitiligo, and for practical purposes, it gets pretty difficult to treat people with more body surface area involved, because the amount of cream potentially you have to use. For povorcitinib in this vitiligo program there's a little bit of overlap and worked with regulators it's 8% or above. So these are people with much more extensive skin involvement, and they can go up to 20%, 30%, 40% involvement. And there, again practically it becomes impossible to put that much cream on the therapeutic ratio changes and you can use an oral therapy to treat an oral systemic JAK inhibitor to treat the vitiligo. Because of that overlap, the numbers can get a little confusing, but that represents about 30% of patients. So you can sort of do the math there that have more than – more than 8% involvement and require an oral JAK inhibitor because of the extent of disease involvement there? Thanks.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yes. Matt, Steven I'll do the first part. So because it's once daily and it was in a submission that involved bio-equivalence and bioavailability data to get there. We will be developing other clinical data, but at the same time we've started developing fixed dose combinations because all of our other combinations are once daily as well. So whether it's parsaclisib, the BET inhibitor or the ALK2 inhibitor, they all once daily and have the ability to have fixed dose combinations. The parsaclisib registration studies are obviously ongoing and enrolling well, both the suboptimal and the first line study. And obviously aren't with fixed dose combinations at the moment. So once we have an FTC there, we would work out a transition again likely through a BA/BE route in conjunction with regulators to get there. But the future programs should we go there with BET and ALK2 would have the potential to go straight away to an FTC with each of those, so that's the promise there. And then I'll hand the question over to others for the second part.
Steven Stein: Thank you, Barry, and good morning, everyone. We are making significant progress within our dermatology pipeline. As you know, OPZELURA received FDA approval in vitiligo a few weeks ago and has now obtained two important FDA approvals in less than a year. We will continue to pursue other indications that may expand the use of ruxolitinib cream to more patient populations in need. Additionally, we are developing our oral JAK1 inhibitor, Povorcitinib, formerly INCB54707 in hidradenitis suppurativa, vitiligo and prurigo nodularis, all of which are in Phase II. And as Hervé mentioned earlier, we are preparing a Phase III in hidradenitis suppurativa. There is significant potential with each of these indications where there are limited treatment options, in some cases, no FDA-approved treatments. One of the interesting studies we are doing with ruxolitinib cream is the long-term extension of the TRuE-V studies where we are evaluating the duration of response following the withdrawal of OPZELURA. On the left, you can see the study design for the TRuE-V studies. At 24 weeks, after the primary endpoint has been reached, patients could roll over into the long-term extension study for an additional 28 weeks. At 52 weeks, patients who achieved at least a facial VASI90 response are then randomized 1:1 to receive 1.5% ruxolitinib cream BID or vehicle. Additionally, those patients who did not achieve at least a facial VASI90 response at 52 weeks are maintained on therapy with 1.5% ruxolitinib cream BID. The primary endpoint of the study is time to relapse in those who are placed on vehicle with numerous secondary endpoints. Moving to Slide 19. We are announcing today the most recent compound moving into clinical development, INCA32459, a LAG-3 PD-1 bispecific antibodies. INCA32459 has been shown to be superior to independent LAG-3 and PD-1 blocking in the LAG-3 PD-1 dual receptor assay and has increased cellular activity compared to a combination of the monoclonal antibodies. Additionally, in a humanized mouse model, 459 controls tumor growth better than the combination and gives us confidence that it may provide differentiated pharmacology and a clinical profile relative to current treatments. On the next slide, we have a number of opportunities within LIMBER to expand our leadership in MPN and GVHD with multiple programs reaching important milestones in the second half of 2022 and into 2023. The NDA was accepted by the FDA for QD ruxolitinib. And later this year, we expect initial data from the BET and ALK2 programs in combination with ruxolitinib, and we plan to start a Phase I program evaluating the combination of CK0804 and ruxolitinib in myelofibrosis. The second quarter was a very successful quarter for Incyte with multiple products and partnered product approvals, and we look forward to a busy second half of the year. I'd now like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Steven Stein: Salveen, thank you for asking the question. I think if you go back to label, this is why it is so great to have the 52-week data incorporating the label while unexpected, because it's obviously not in the placebo randomized period to have it in was a really good win, because we can educate within label now to what was seen. And so just to reiterate, in terms of the primary endpoint, the facial VASI at 24 weeks, and then at 52 weeks, you see this continued absolute increase of another 20 percentage points in the primary endpoint from the 24-week endpoint to the 52-week endpoint talking to exactly what you were alluding to that there is this gradual time to onset in terms of improvement in repigmentation. And it's actually reflected multiple times in the label with the efficacy data, with the dosing guidance that allowed continued use and with a statement that says, you may have to wait, upwards of 24 weeks or beyond to see improvement. So we can use both the commercial channel in terms of promotional activities, because it's within label and then obviously appropriate medical communication to continually educate both the treaters, the physicians, as well as patients’ advocacy groups, et cetera, that there is this continued improvement over time. And it'll be very much part of our efforts across the whole spectrum involved in the dermatology program.
Steven Stein: Jay it's Steven. Thanks for your question. Yes, so obviously the endpoints in clinical trials to date have been on spleen volume reduction and then symptom improvement to give you what you need for clinical benefit. But people look at fibrosis as well. And then other things like allel burden, et cetera, to get to the point you are talking about. One of the issues with reading fibrosis from bone marrows is sampling, is inter observer variability, central confirmation, et cetera, with the grading is not always very precise. But you do sometimes you can get a sense of fibrotic improvement. So, to reiterate, clinical benefit comes currently at least at a regulatory standard from this spleen volume reduction and symptom improvement and then disease modification as an underlying secondary endpoint. In terms of the therapies you mentioned, we'll have to see basically there is preclinical clues certainly in, for example, in the BET program, certainly in terms of the new effort with [indiscernible] and the T regulatory cells that we use there from the umbilical cord that you can potentially have underlying disease modification. But ultimately it's the clinical data sets that will prove that. With parsaclisib, we've announced the primary endpoints for both the first line and the suboptimal study in terms of spleen volume reduction, and certainly in first line needing symptoms as well With L2, the promise potentially also comes from what we want is underlying anemia improvement and then the ability to continue to dose ruxo at adequate levels to get maximum effect. So that's mainly what's been looked at. And again, just to be repetitive, we'll ultimately see. So there are some preclinical clues that you can do underlying modification, but we'll wait the data sets. Thanks.
Steven Stein: So Marc, your first part of your question, I guess what you're saying our gross-to-net is determined by the overall number of units that we sold and obviously the amount of reimbursement we're getting or payments we're getting for that. So right now our gross-to-net, as you can see, is what we expected to continue to improve. 55% of claims are being covered now, every single day that's going to get better and better. Gross-to-net at the end of the year, of course, is going to be in the range that we said. So they are not material different, but the gross-to-net will be better for each tube that we sell by the end of the year. So, we're very confident of the guidance that we've given so far in terms of gross-to-net. And I'm very confident that our demand is going to continue to increase week after week, particularly now with the vitiligo approval as well as the AD approval.
Steven Stein: Yes, thank you, Marc. So yes the intention is to show the complete Phase 2 proof-of-concept data set at a median this year. So, you will see it in 2022. We expect to be treated with JAK class labeling here because it is after all in an inflammatory condition. Again, these are patients with a lot of unmet need, they tend to have high body mass indexes and a lot of abscess and nodules. So, the profile we need to see, there are numerous ways to measure it. We looked at abscess and nodules count, we looked at this established combination endpoint called high score, it's a scoring system that was used with the Humira approval. And then, we'll work out with the regulatory agency what's the best one to use for a Phase 3 study. And then there is a reasonable placebo response rate here as well. Again, you'll see that when we show you the full data set. So you want to a large Delta between the placebo and then the efficacy effect, given that you're going to have class labeling likely a black box, because it's an inflammatory condition. And we are confident in what we've seen thus far with 707 in this entity. Thanks.
Steven Stein: Thanks Barry. Thanks for the question Kripa. With our partner Syndax, the AGAVE study is ongoing and is enrolling excellent. It should complete enrollment this year. Then we wait for the primary endpoint and we'll present the data in 2023. That's a registration directed study in third line chronic graft-versus-host disease with monotherapy axatilimab. In addition, we will start combination work with a JAK inhibitor, which is now going to be ruxolitinib. And that'll be to get a safe dose and schedule and then we'll move that up. The treatment paradigm, look at earlier lines – earlier settings with the non-overlapping mechanism of action, plus the likelihood that there's no overlapping toxicity makes it a potentially exciting combination. So just to repeat data in 2023 on the pivotal registration study which has gone really well. Thanks.
Steven Stein: Yes. So Monjuvi, we certainly still have confidence in Monjuvi. We certainly still think that we're going to get to in the relapse refractory setting we can get to $500 million; obviously it's taking us longer than we anticipated. The marketplace has changed in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. Over time it's a very dynamic market. Obviously there's more data with the CAR-Ts. There's more data with frontline [indiscernible], there's more products entering that are the bispecifics, but Monjuvi and LEN is an excellent combination for patients who have failed R-CHOP therapy are relapsed on R-CHOP. And we really believe that there's really only a couple of options for patients who aren't going on to transplant and that could be CAR-T but the vast majority of patients should be eligible for Monjuvi LEN. So we just need to keep on doing a better job of educating, because this is a product that really has great a CR rate, and the duration of response is 44 months, a three-year follow-up. There's really not much better data or any better data in that particular setting for duration of response than Monjuvi LEN. So we really anticipate that this is a product that can serve a lot of patients in the relapse refractory setting. And then of course, we'll wait for data in little lymphoma and in the first-line setting because that's where the ultimate real value of the product will come from.
Steven Stein: Hey, Gavin, its Steven, thanks. So you're correct. It's actually mostly Phase 1 safety data, but we'll try and incorporate as much of the efficacy component as we can in time for the abstract cutoff et cetera. And then for – again BET just to mention briefly, it's a drug we had for a long time. We treated solid tumor patients at multiples of the dose years ago and hundreds plus patients. So we know its safety profile at higher doses very well in terms of on-target thrombocytopenia and now it's really about getting the right therapeutic ratio in combo with rux and then make decisions to go forward. So it's largely a safety update to some efficacy. On ALK2 it incorporates some translational data as well, particularly as regards iron kinetics and hepcidin inhibition. So you'll see that as well in the data set that's presented. And we've seen favorable movements in terms of hepcidin inhibition and some iron kinetics. But we'll have to see whether that translates to hemoglobin increases or not over time. So largely safety updates, minimal efficacy, some translational data file to. Thanks.
