Paul Friedman, M.D.: Good morning, everyone. The launch of Jakafi for patients with intermediate- or high-risk myelofibrosis is going well. During the first quarter we recognized $19.3 million in net sales of Jakafi and we shipped 25.1 to our specialty pharmacies. Jakafi is an important advance for patients who suffer from this progressive and life threatening disease.  Given the compelling benefits it provides in terms of spleen reduction and symptom improvement, the encouraging survival data recently published in the New England Journal and the fact that this is the first FDA approved treatment for patients with MF, it’s not surprising to me that interest in Jakafi is high.  Additionally, last week our partner Novartis received recommendation by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, the CHMP, for approval of ruxolitinib, the treatment of disease related splenomegaly or symptoms in adult patients with primary post-polycythemia vera or post-essential thrombocythemia myelofibrosis. We look forward to seeing patients and physicians outside the US have access to the drug. The positive CHMP opinion means that Incyte has earned a $40 million payment from Novartis and will earn a second payment of $60 million once Novartis receives reimbursement and pricing approval in specific EU countries. In the EU, the European Commission generally follows the recommendations of the CHMP and the decision will be applicable to all 27 EU member states.  In addition to the ongoing extensions of our Phase II and Phase III trials in MF, Incyte and Novartis are conducting a global pivotal Phase III trial called RESPONSE in patients with advance polycythemia vera and we continue to expect the RESPONSE study to be completed in 2013 with our goal being to obtain FDA approval of the SNDA in 2014. There are also a number of ongoing investigator-sponsored trials in leukemias and in lymphoma, and then there is the Incyte-sponsored trial in pancreatic cancer with that expected from that trial in 2013.  So for now, I’ll turn the call over to Pat and then to Dave. 
Paul Friedman, M.D.: Rachel, can you just repeat the Lilly question, please?Rachel McMinn – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes, I’m just curious -- there’s an upcoming tofacitinib panel on May 9th where, obviously, that product’s going to be reviewed and I’m just wondering if there’s any information or how we should think about that panel impacting your Phase III planning, if at all. 
Paul Friedman, M.D.: So, obviously, that panel is quite important and we’re definitely going to be tuned in, and Lilly will be, too, as to what transpires there. There are common features between tofacitinib and 28050, but there are also some distinguishing features that we believe, in general, favor 28050, but if there are class issues that come up that are either good or bad, depending on how the committee discusses them and ultimately votes on them, I’m certain that Lilly, with our input, will use that information to adjust what is now a very mature Phase III plan.  But we are cautiously optimistic that that advisory committee should go reasonably well. The data looked pretty good. We just never know what twists and turns could come out of it that could be useful to you in finalizing your Phase III development plan. Rachel McMinn – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks very much. 
Paul Friedman, M.D.: I would just reiterate that last point. I think the data looked very good and people will be highly impressed with how clean the compound is, how low the dose is and how eye-popping the efficacy data is. 
Paul Friedman, M.D.: I think it’s actually, at the end of the day, at least as broad as what we have. It’s anyone. It could be -- they could be viewed as low risk, but if they had spleen or symptoms, they would be eligible under that label to be treated. There’s no restriction with respect to platelets there, either, so I would say it’s -- the indication is pretty broad. 
Paul Friedman, M.D.: Yes, we have seen the graph-type models where we see activity, but one of the other rationales for using capecitabine is the lack of overlapping toxicity, especially with respect to bone marrow suppression, whereas the first line drug does have bone marrow suppressive activities and we just thought that was a wiser way to go and the xenograft model supported that.   
Paul Friedman, M.D.: Okay, thank you and thank you all for your attention and questions today. I think we’re off to a good start, but it is a start. We have confidence that we will grow the product and think we’re excited about that prospect.  We’re excited about the RESPONSE study and we are also pretty excited about the RA data that’s going to be presented at ULAR. We’re all going to be sitting with bated breath for the upcoming advisory committee at ontelprecitnib [ph].  Some of the programs I haven’t described are, I think, pretty interesting programs and we’ll roll them out over the next couple of quarters for you, but it’s just, again, for competitive reasons, just a little bit premature, which is why we keep alluding to them but we haven’t given you any specifics.  Anyway, thanks for your attention and we’ll talk to you again soon. Bye-bye.
Patricia Andrews: Hi, Rachel. Good morning. So, what I meant by saying that growth in the future will be gradual relates to the patient population that we’ve been able to reach, so I do think there’s a large opportunity in total out there, but it’s the first patients we’ve reached have been those with more severely ill patients with symptoms, more burdensome symptoms, larger splenomegaly, and those probably would come faster because it’s more obvious that they should get the drug and they should get the drug right away.  But over time, we will, of course, be moving into the patient population, which ultimately is larger, which is patients who don’t have as advanced disease. They may have any degree of symptoms and splenomegaly and it will take longer to make inroads into that patient population, so I do expect continued growth, but I don’t necessarily expect the growth in absolute numbers to be as large for new prescribers or new patients as it was in the first quarter. 
Patricia Andrews: Good morning, Eric. I don’t have an estimate for you on how deeply into the patient population we’ve penetrated, but I can tell you in our launch tracking surveys, approximately, which we interviewed about 50 hematologist-oncologists.  We’ve been doing it every two weeks or every month since we got approval, that for those -- and they all had to have treated at least one patient with Jakafi, and that suggests that about 80% of their use was in patients with moderate or severe symptoms and are splenomegaly, and about 90% were intermediate, too, or high-risk, so you can see that the usage is definitely, at the moment, in that more severe patient population, and we still have a significant inroads to make there, as well, as over the longer term in a patient population less burdened by the disease but still with splenomegaly and/or symptoms. 
Patricia Andrews: What we’ve always said, Thomas, is that physicians in practice look at their MF patients as mild, moderate and severe, and within that, each one is about a third of the population. If you’re actually looking at risk prognostic factors, there’s four gradations and it’s low, intermediate one, intermediate two, high risk, and of course, we’re indicated for intermediate and high risk. Thomas Wei – Jefferies & Co: Thanks. 
Patricia Andrews: As might be expected with a new product in the new -- that’s from a new class for patients mostly treated in the community, there’s not been much usage outside of myelofibrosis, and that would be expected and I think that that would continue for quite a while because just like they need to get comfortable with the patient population that they’re treating in myelofibrosis, it would take much, much, much longer for them to have comfort outside of that for a large number of physicians. Of course, there would always be some exceptions. 
Patricia Andrews: No, really, coverage has been very broad, very open and it’s not always been immediate because there have been prior auth and sometimes additional information needs to be provided, but it’s nearly always been ultimately successful and there wouldn’t be a characteristic that I could point out which has been --  I mean, the only time it’s not been successful, really, is when it’s not been for myelofibrosis because the prior authorizations usually do require that and that’s one that they’re not usually going to go around. 
Patricia Andrews: Right, so I wouldn’t have any information on that. What comes in to us is they were diagnosed with MF, and therefore, they’re going on our drug. If they had previously been MDS or something else, I wouldn’t know that. 
Patricia Andrews: No, there hasn’t been.Cory Kasimov – JP Morgan Chase: Okay. Alright, thanks and great job with your early launch. 
Patricia Andrews: It’s really too early in the launch to have much insight into dose reductions. There’s been titration. It’s a product that does get titrated in the judgment of the physician. They might have started low and titrate up to go for more efficacy. They might have started maybe higher than they should have for the patient and they dose down, so it’s a drug that does have titration and it would be too early for us to be able to read into what those titrations mean at this point. David Friedman, MD – Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you.
Patricia Andrews: I’m sorry, but we’re not able to give greater color for Novartis here. It’s their market and I wouldn’t want us to be speaking on their behalf. Brian Abrahams, MD – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, fair enough, thanks. 
Patricia Andrews: Sapna, I don’t know if it’s a difference on diagnosis. I think it’s a difference in the physician’s perception of how that patient presents and are they presenting -- let me re-step. I’m going back to, of course, physicians in the community tend to look at it as the patient being mild, moderate and severe rather than on prognostic levels.  So with that, I think their characterization is usually based on the extent that the patient has splenomegaly and the extent that the patient has symptoms. Sometimes they may factor in whether the patient is transfusion-dependent or not and what their platelet count is, but in general, they work on splenomegaly and symptoms and that the diagnosis is for MF, but then they just characterize them on one of those three ways.  So I think your question on penetration into that group, into those intermediate patients who may be more -- or high risk may be more mild in their symptoms. That would be the longer term challenge that we face is to make inroads into that patient population and I feel confident that we will do so. It just -- it will be gradual because it takes a while for a physician who doesn’t have a lot of patients who have MF to get comfortable with the treatment paradigms, the right patient population, how you manage that patient and the benefits that patient gets. So those are all things that just come with time, so that’s how we see -- and they come with education in the marketplace and being -- and having a speaker from the platform at educational events, talk about the product and the treatment. They come over time through education, experience and growing comfort levels. 
Patricia Andrews: MF is a chronic disease and Jakafi is a chronic medicine, so we would expect, just as we saw in the clinical trials, that many patients who go on drug do, in fact, stay on it for many years. However, there will always be some patients who stay on it less and some who stay on it very long periods of time.  So that’s our anticipation going forward. It’s too early in the launch cycle to make any -- draw any conclusions from real world experience. Many patients will have only been on drug for a month or two months. 
Richard Levy: This is Rich. There’s a little bit of data at ASCO that is brand new. A lot of it is looking back again at the COMFORT studies and providing more detailed analyses in certain areas.  The one study that we’re going to be presenting that we’ve not talked about before is one in patients who start with counts below 100,000, or essentially between 50,000 and 100,000, and we’ll be presenting data where those patients start at five milligrams twice daily and worked their way up.  And just a general sense of that, most patients are able to work their way up to doses that are effectively treating both cytokine and spleen-related symptoms and we’ll provide more data on that, and I believe that the actual titles of the ASCO presentations were posted maybe this morning or last night.  In terms of the ULAR, the only presentation is the Lilly presentation on their Phase IIb study with R28050. That’s three-month data. We expect the six-month data to be presented at ACR, and I think you’ve heard from Lilly, who tends to be very quiet, that they’re talking now in their call, I guess yesterday or the day before, they’re talking about the drug and their expectations to go into Phase III, so you can take from that that the date looked good. 
Richard Levy: Yes. We have our thoughts kind of together on this and the next step is putting together a package to talk to FDA and see whether or not our preliminary approach is one that they are going to like, and if that’s the case, we’d probably start sometime in early 2013. 
Richard Levy: With respect to your second question, we’re studying second line pancreatic cancer and there are not specific drugs that are approved for that, and it has been historically the case that you can study your drug in combination with unapproved drugs in such settings as long as you get that buy-in from the Food and Drug Administration or other regulators around the world.  This is a Phase II study. It has a small percentage of being a registration study if the results are very strong. We anticipate that more likely we would start a registration study based on these results and have detailed discussions with FDA once we have results of this in hand. 
Richard Levy: In the Phase II study, which is the longest use which started in 2007, data was presented at ASH this past year by Dr. Verstovsek showing that at that point, the median duration of treatment was about three years. But again, as Pat says, clinical trials and real world can be somewhat different and we just can’t assess whether the real world is going to be matching that number yet. That’s something we’ll look at over the next couple years. 
