Paul Friedman: Thanks. So before opening for Q&A I’m going to give a brief description of some of the other programs in the pipeline. First, the Phase II and Phase III long-term extension trials in Myelofibrosis are continuing. Second, we anticipate patient recruitment in our pivotal P vera trial to complete this year so what we’ve guided is where we think we’ll end up here, which keeps us on track for a potential approval in the second half of 2014. Third, we’ve recently initiated a second study in PV patients called RELIEF. It evaluates symptom improvements in ruxolitinib-treated patients as compared to hydroxyurea-treated patients. And although it’s not required for approval we intend to submit results of this study to support labeling claims [of a symptomatic] benefit for NPB. Fourth, the Phase II trial in pancreatic cancer is well on its way to enrolling the approximately 130 patients with results anticipated next year. Fifth, the three-month data from the Phase II-B trial in rheumatoid arthritis for baricitinib, our JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor partnered with Lily were presented at EULAR in June. The results were impressive. The six-month data are expected to be presented later in 2012 and we continue to expect that the Phase III program will start this year. Lastly, our early stage oncology programs for c-MET and Indoleamine dioxygenase or IDO are progressing, and I or Rich can address any questions you may have about them in Q&A. And we have other ongoing clinical development programs in oncology and inflammation – I anticipate describing these proprietary programs at the appropriate time. With that, Operator, let’s open the call for Q&A. 
Paul Friedman: So I’ll let Dave and Pat add to this, but I’ll just say you have to remember it’s the first product in this therapeutic area; it’s the first JAK inhibitor approved for any indication and we’re about six months into this. We’ve evaluated a number of different scenarios and we’ve developed a range of outcomes that we believe reflects a launch that is proceeding well. And it’s expected to grow at a steady, gradual pace. We did see in Q1 and late last year an influx of patients who were quite sick, could not get into the Phase III trials and were queued up to get into our studies. So I wouldn’t call that a bolus but I will say that revenues in Q1 were somewhat higher than our forecasts. Since that time, we are I’d say slightly ahead of our forecast and right where we think the launch should be. But I’ll let Pat and Dave comment on your question as well.
Paul Friedman: So with respect to 39-110, it’s a very interesting compound. We think it has potential in RA, other inflammatory diseases and potentially in Myelofibrosis. It is our compound and we are not ready to really talk much about its mechanism or clinical results yet. We want it to mature a little bit before we put it into primetime. But I can tell you it is an interesting mechanism and it’s an interesting compound.
Paul Friedman: And so just to clarify that first statement or to try to clarify it, what we’re seeing because we obviously track this is an increasing percentage over time of physicians who are putting a second patient and a third patient on drug. But still at this point in time the majority of physicians have prescribed for a single patient, but it’s moving in the direction of more physicians putting more than a single patient on. And of course we have individual physicians who’ve put several dozen patients on. So it’s a mix but the majority of prescribers have prescribed for one patient at this point in time.
Paul Friedman: So the number of new patients has not declined week-over-week as we follow it. It looks good and I will let Dave reiterate what he said before about the guidance and the growth.
Paul Friedman: And that would be analogous to $32.7 million for this quarter. If you were doing sell in net it’s $32.7 million, and since we’ve had no product returns whatsoever that seems like a pretty legitimate number.
Paul Friedman: This is Paul. We’ve run past 9:30, it’s been a long call. So I’ll just summarize by saying launch is going well. It is almost to the letter on what we forecasted before we launched the drug, and there’s lumpiness if you look at it on a daily or weekly basis but if you look at it on a quarterly basis we think we’re growing. Launch is going well and we’ve said all along that we thought there would be steady and gradual growth and that’s what we’re seeing. Just to reiterate about Q1, it was mildly higher than what we forecasted – not a classical bolus but there were some very sick people queued up. And we’ll obviously keep plugging away and we’ll anticipate that we will continue to grow. And so far there’s no indication that we’re [not] growing at exactly the rate that we forecasted before we started this. We’re very excited about baricitinib going into Phase III. We think it has a very high probability of technical success and we think that the compounds that we have earlier in the clinic, including 39-110 are very interesting and we look forward to providing you with more information on those at the appropriate time. So with that I will end the call and thank you very much for your attention. Bye-bye.
Dave Hastings: Yeah, just on the growth question you know, even on gross shipments the low end of the range does imply growth in the high teens, and certainly on the higher end of the range higher growth than that. So Matt, there is growth second half compared to first half.
Dave Hastings: Most likely, Salveen, but you never know. But I would think at this point Q3 is the most likely outcome for that, yeah.
Dave Hastings: Sure. So the growth on average for the first six months is about 8%, Cory, as you mentioned. It’s a little early to assume that’s going to be the rate going forward. The driver, the key driver for growth in that is patient mix so that may change over time. That range, though, has some variability but not significant amounts of variability as you think about gross net going forward. In terms of growth, I was just looking at we shipped $60 million in the first half and our revenue guidance is net, so you would have to ship more than that to achieve the low end of our net revenue guidance.
Dave Hastings: Yeah. Again, if you just look at gross shipments for the first half at $60 million, to get to the low end of our net revenue guidance you do have growth in the high teens in terms of gross shipments. At the high end your growth is in the low 30%’s. So there is growth, Rachel, in the back half on a like-to-like basis. Rachel McMinn – Bank of America: So basically you’re assuming that there’s significant discontinuation rates coming in the back half.
Patricia Andrews: And I’ll just add that one of the factors driving our guidance range is the time it will take for us to evolve from the use of Jakafi in more severely ill patients that Paul was referencing to less severely ill, specifically the moderate to mild MF patients with any degree of splenomegaly or symptoms. And that you know, will take education and education is a major component of our marketing efforts, and we will help the treating physician who’s not that familiar with Myelofibrosis in the first place because they just don’t have that much experience with it and they need experience with Jakafi to understand who the right patient is. And then we remain confident that over time this will lead to pretty broad usage within the intermediate and high-risk patient category for patients with any degree of splenomegaly and symptoms. But it will take some time to get there.
Patricia Andrews: Sure. It’s early to say what the discontinuation rate would be. Usually it’s something that you’ve had longer-term and look retrospectively and say that’s what it was, and so we’re trying to provide what is the longer-term data which is from COMFORT 1 and COMFORT 2 to give you some sense of what we think it would be. And of course, you know, it’s frequently the case that what you see in commercial practice is higher discontinuation rates than you would see in a clinical study because the study is controlled. And so we’re trying to remind people what the discontinuation rates were in the studies and we would expect that to be probably the low end of what we see commercially.
Patricia Andrews: I think for a lot of physicians yes. I mean I don’t want to generalize about all physicians but yes, because there’s always… You know, the first priority of the physician is to do no harm and they want to make sure that when a new product is out on the market that it’s going to be appropriate for their patient population. And if they don’t have a lot of MF patients it does take a while to work their way through patients who are less severely ill, versus it’s a much easier call for patients who are really, really suffering with the disease burden or an incredibly large spleen. So I feel very confident that we’ll see that over time but it is an over time thing; it’s not something that we would have expected to occur yet.
Patricia Andrews: Sure, Ian. Our market research suggests that about 90% of the patients going on drug are intermediate II or high-risk which more closely parallels the Phase III study but it is narrower than what our label is, because our label is actually intermediate or high-risk. So again, we would expect that over time with more familiarity with the drug that there would be a shift in patient population treated to those less advanced.
Patricia Andrews: Well as I said it’s too early to really comment on discontinuation rates or compliance during the duration of therapy, so that’s why we’ve referenced the studies and other data which is long-term.
Patricia Andrews: Sure, Tom, let me answer the second one first. So the over 1600 physicians who have prescribed Jakafi which we think is a good, solid foundation at this time, seven months into the launch. The majority of them have indeed only put one patient on drug, and what we see is that we have both new prescribers joining each week and month as well as repeat prescribers. But we’re still working strongly on broadening our prescribing base because we think that’s really the key to this market, because the patients are dispersed throughout the community and most physicians only have a handful of patients. So it’s really been our focus and one of the reasons why I have emphasized it in our prepared remarks. On the discontinuations, again it is very difficult to compare over time because at any point when you look – you said compare Q1 to Q2. You know, if they started in Q2, even if they started in April they would have only been on drug for two months. So I would just encourage people not to over focus in on discontinuations at this time because it’s really hard to know what is a like discontinuation rate and what to expect, which is why we referenced the clinical trials which were of longer duration and you can get a better sense for over time what might be an expected discontinuation rate.Thomas Wei – Jefferies & Co.: I guess just to make sure that I understand, when you make those comments on discontinuation, I guess I’m having a hard time interpreting if right now what you’re seeing is a relatively high discontinuation rate that you think will stabilize out to something more normalized even if it’s not as good as the clinical trials; or if actually you’re seeing not very many people discontinuing even though there were sicker patients enrolled to start.
Patricia Andrews: No actually, Thomas, what I was trying to convey was that we see both repeat prescribers as well as new prescribers and both are growing in Q2 over Q1.Thomas Wei – Jefferies & Co.: Okay, great. 
Patricia Andrews: No, not really. I feel like we’ve said about as much on discontinuation rates as we can. We’re not expecting significant discontinuations in the back half beyond what one would expect based on patients staying on drug for six months or one year as you saw in the trials.Rachel McMinn – Bank of America: Alright, well I’ll follow up offline. Thanks.
Patricia Andrews: Sure. So at launch there was not much awareness of Jakafi – it was very low. I don’t want to cite the numbers but it was a low double-digit number on awareness of the product. And now on an unaided basis it’s more like 70% and on an aided basis it’s pretty much 100%. So it’s definitely becoming more aware. There is a difference as you know between awareness and knowledge and comfort, and so awareness is really getting up there. We still need to work on knowledge and comfort and that will happen over time.Tom Russo – Robert W. Baird: Okay, and my last question: over on 050 you reaffirmed expectations to start Phase III before the end of the year, and I was just wondering if you’d share your latest thoughts on design and maybe setting up for success on the structure [and endpoints] too.
Patricia Andrews: Our challenge is that if we let the third parties collect data on prescriptions it also goes to potential competitors to give them a leg up even though they are a number of years behind us that we don’t have to actually give them. And so it is important competitive intelligence and I would like to guard that for as long as I am able to.Eric Schmidt – Cowen & Company: Thanks for the answers.
Patricia Andrews: Sure. So we think it’s too early to comment on duration of therapy so we haven’t provided that information. It’s just I’m not sure that it would tell you something that you’d actually be able to successfully build a model off of, which is why we’ve gone the opposite way and tried to focus in on prescribers and referred you back to things such as the studies which provide you longer-term information. So we’re somewhat more forward-looking. And on the percent, what we know from our tracking studies is that about 90% of patients on the drug from the physicians that we’ve surveyed are intermediate II and high-risk, which is maybe 50% of the total in that patient population.
Patricia Andrews: Sure. So most scripts are written for one bottle, a 30-day supply – that is the vast majority. But you’re right; there are certainly some scripts that are for lower doses, say two bottles of 5 mg for what’s intended to be a 10 mg dose and allows flexibility on the part of the prescribing physician. So just a couple of points on that: we have seen that those are generally covered without too much delay by payers so we consider that a very positive thing. It is coming more from academic physicians, physicians who have more experience with more patients I would say. More of the community physicians are actually starting on a fixed dose such as 15 mg or 20 mg and prescribing it in that strength rather than in subsets so they can titrate around it. But the majority are the script equals one bottle.
Patricia Andrews: So again, it’s really quite a small percentage of the total. It’s probably single-digit but to be honest I don’t have that data in front of me, but it’s probably a single-digit number. And at the moment as I said it’s not something where there have been many payer issues, but of course the sooner you do something which is a little bit different from what the norm would be there may be an added delay on it. But we see in general very few payer issues, certainly none worth being overly concerned about.
Patricia Andrews: Yes, absolutely. I mean education and particularly understanding a couple of aspects of the disease is really important because remember, most of these physicians may have 1500 patients in their practice and three or four of them are MF patients. So they’re just not as familiar overall with the disease or with the drug. But one thing that is clear is that many patients advance relatively rapidly; you saw that in our clinical trial. Data even at six months, if you look at what happened to the patients on placebo in COMFORT 1, their spleens grew – the vast majority progressed and progressed fairly rapidly, and sometimes to a fairly large extent. So MF patients, most will become severe at some point in time. Now of course we think for the benefit of patients it would be better to capture them earlier on in the disease so you don’t let the spleen get so large, so you don’t let the patient have this diminished quality of life, this heavy burden of disease. So it is important to start earlier and our label clearly allows that.  There are no restrictions on timing or starting, and so working on education about the progression of the disease and the role of our therapy in it is definitely an important thing and we will be focusing in on that more over the coming year than we have the past seven months where our focus was more directed on the already-diagnosed, more severely ill patient – put them on drug. They’ve waited long enough; give them something that’s going to help them.
Patricia Andrews: So I would say the discontinuations, again, it’s hard to be more granular but anecdotally from our feedback from physicians there have been certainly some patients who were very severely ill who went on drug and their discontinuations are because they were just so advanced. But there’s also some discontinuations for anemia or from bicitopenia.  There has to be more education out there on how you might manage expected side effects of the drug, and how when patients are on drug over a long period of time their hemoglobin comes back to somewhat below baseline but to a very reasonable level; and how patients, even though they may experience bad actually tend to still have a significant improvement in their spleen and their symptoms. In support of it is education on working through the discontinuations by adjusting the dose before the patient discontinues rather than having them discontinue. So we are seeing, there’s certainly dose holds out there and it would be hard to know if something is a dose hold or a discontinuation until time passes. But a lot of it is just what we would expect on side effect management and comfort with that, and that goes back to the education.
Patricia Andrews: I do think that patients, their platelets recover; their hemoglobin if it was depressed would recover. It’s certainly a potential when the patient has that recovery to go back on drug. Our label really states how you restart dosing. Remember, thrombocytopenia would be an expected side effect based on mechanism. The part of it that is making sure that it’s well understood, how you work through that, how you keep the patient on drug – that’s clearly the most beneficial thing for us if the patient is to never stop their treatment rather than discontinue, wait to recover and then go back on. And when they do restart what’s the appropriate restarting dose?  So all of those things are about familiarity with the drug and for a physician who has one patient on drug that’s a longer education than it would be for a physician on their fifth patient, on their sixth patient. So over time I do think that will also be something that familiarity and knowledge helps us work through, but right at the moment it’s all part of what would be expected at this stage of launch.
Patricia Andrews: I think what I was saying is there was consistent new patient adds in Q2.Thomas Wei – Jefferies & Co.: Okay, thank you. I’ll follow up offline.
Rich Levy: Yeah, so the study compared to hydroxyurea is still in patients that are, we’re starting with a patient population that’s already on hydroxyurea but who are not responding as well as can be by virtue of the fact that they’re still symptomatic, which is one of the parts of the definition of refractoriness to HU. So I don’t see this as the potential for an actual indication for first line. The second thing is that this study which is just starting now has a significantly shorter duration of treatment to the endpoint than the ongoing RESPONSE study, so the timing is such that both studies should finish around the same time and both would be included in the initial labeling. And that’s our current expectation.
Rich Levy: So we didn’t want to directly compete for patients who are still enrolling in RESPONSE, so there are two differences in the patient population to make them not be eligible for both studies. One is that, well let me just say it a different way. In RESPONSE you have to have both an enlarged spleen and have to have at least two phlebotomies within the prior six months. So in RELIEF we said you could have one of those things but not both so there’s no overlap in the entry criteria. But otherwise they’re very similar except that in RELIEF you have to have symptoms of at least a certain level. And we also are studying the same endpoints in RESPONSE for symptoms; however that study is not a blinded study so we don’t expect to be able to use that data in the same way. This study is a fully blinded study and therefore something as subjective as symptomatic improvements really requires a placebo controlled study. But in both cases you’re still talking about a patient population that would be defined as refractory to hydroxyurea.
Rich Levy: Well, I think in terms of medical meetings we’re probably talking about late spring or early summer next year, but I don’t know for example whether we’d be giving top line results on anything in advance of the next real medical meeting. So it’s not really that well decided as to what that strategy would be.
Rich Levy: Yeah, you’re talking about a combination therapy with Ipilimumab in that study where Ipilimumab itself has proven activity. So it’s not the sort of study where you simply see a response and then say “Well, it must be your drug that’s causing that to happen” because it is a combination study. So I think it’s going to be a while before we have a sense of that. We also have a second study starting soon in ovarian cancer where we’re using the drug as monotherapy, and that might potentially give a quicker answer simply because if there’s activity it’s due to your drug and not to the drug that you’re adding on top of it.
Rich Levy: Yes, so I have to be a little bit careful in what I say since Lily hasn’t announced their specific plans. But what I will say is that we’ve learned from the experience of Pfizer, both from the data on patients who are already experienced on Methotrexate that was presented at the FDA Advisory Committee as well as the information that came out just this week on their positive results with both 5 mg and 10 mg [VID] doses in Methotrexate naives where top line results say that they did see a structure benefit there. And there are other lessons that we learned from Pfizer’s experience as well. So yes, there’ll be structure studies and we’ll be able to talk more specifically about it when Lily announces what they’re doing.Tom Russo – Robert W. Baird: Great, thank you.
Rich Levy: So we said that we expect the approval to come sometime this summer, and I just couldn’t be real specific about country-by-country pricing and reimbursement. We do know that Novartis had some sort of call earlier this week and talked about their expanded access program where they have 2200 patients on drug now and when there was pricing in each of those countries those patients had all come over very quickly, almost a bolus there which we don’t have because we didn’t have expanded access per se. So but I think that you can probably look at histories in each individual country as to how long those things usually take to get a ballpark.
Rich Levy: So that’s going to be up to Novartis at this point. Even though we did the Phase I study for them it really is their decision about what data will get presented and when.
Rich Levy: So I mean let me just say that I don’t think Lily would be comfortable with us being that specific. But we don’t think that there’s much risk at all that it wouldn’t happen this year, which indicates that it’s not close to the end of the year where things are targeted for.
Mani Mohindru – ThinkEquity: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Most of my questions have been answered but I just wanted to get a qualitative sense on discontinuations. What has your feedback been from the field and what’s driving the discontinuations if at all? Is it the lack of expected efficacy or symptom relief that the patient or the physician wanted to see? Or is there emergence of side effects like thrombocytopenia or other [side opinions] that’s driving that? And then I have one more follow-up question on the pipeline.
Mani Mohindru – ThinkEquity: Okay, so the way I’m looking at it right now is there’s a potential for these patients to come back on therapy unless they go onto some other clinical trials once these side effects get resolved or managed in some way.
Mani Mohindru – ThinkEquity: Okay. And the initiation of the Phase III RA program, will that be more likely a Q4 event right now rather than Q3? Is that how we should look at it? And I’m trying to get at it from more of a financial perspective to you, from a milestone perspective.
