Paul Friedman: So good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We’ve had an eventful couple of months here. The results from our two registration trials in myelofibrosis COMFORT-I and II represented in full at ASCO and at EHA and we submitted the NDA on June the 3rd. While we wait the official NDA acceptance letter which is due within 60 days of the filing date, the agency has verbally confirmed on multiple occasions, the latest yesterday afternoon that we have been granted priority review and that our PDUFA date is December the 3rd. Novartis continues to make progress as well. They submitted the MAA in June. The presentations at ASCO and EHA demonstrated that treatment with ruxolitinib gives very compelling results including significant reductions in spleen size, significant improvements in symptoms and an overall improvement in quality of life measures. In contrast, and I think this is an important point, the patients who received placebo even in a six-month period and even or even the best available therapy, their disease worsened. Market research conducted over the past several years has consistently indicated that ruxolitinib’s ability to address these negative aspects of MF were expected to position the drug as a welcomed and important new treatment for both the patients and their treating physicians.
Paul Friedman: So, there is no due to specify timeframe for the FDA to respond and we are revising in SPA but we’ve had discussions with them about this. We had really very good interactions with the FDA in this division in particular, and we just don’t anticipate that this would be protracted and we’ll see how it goes. We’re also optimistic because the changes make perfect sense that FDA will accept the amendment. I’m not saying we won’t have some discussion back and forth, but we just have to wait and see. We plan within the next couple of weeks to have the amendment into the FDA, so we’ll be moving pretty quickly. And again, without getting into specifics what we think are very reasonable changes to the protocol are accepted without a major alterations that we would not change our guidance with respect to time lines for completing the study.Rachel McMinn – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Very helpful, thanks so much, appreciate it.
Paul Friedman: The inclusion criteria are listed on clintrials.gov and I don’t want to get into all the details but I’ll give you an example of one where we lost a lot of otherwise eligible patients and that is subjects had to in addition to being phlebotomy dependent and having a spleen, they had to have either or both elevated white blood cell count, elevated platelet count. It turns out that a lot of people don’t have that and yet they have big spleens, they have symptoms, and they are phlebotomy dependent, and that’s particular criteria was meant to ask an interesting question, but it wasn’t on the main path to making the co-primary endpoint. And so, if you take that out, you retrieve a lot of people who didn’t make the first cut.Thomas Wei – Jefferies & Co.: I see, and can you address whether or not questions like that where harder the central debate with the agency when you –
Paul Friedman: So we have not been informed that there will be a panel, but we recognize it’s a novel treatment, it’s a novel class of drugs so we are preparing, and Rich is leading that preparation so I’ll let him explain as much as he wants to in that regard.
Paul Friedman: We don’t know the answer to that, and I think you have to ask them. I mean we certainly if we are programmed we would give something top-line while we waited for one of the arthritis meetings larger company they may wait for one of the meetings but you’d have to ask them. I mean it’s conceivable they would be in Phase III before they actually presented Phase IIb data, if they wait for one of those meetings.
Paul Friedman: Begins with P. Right. And so the data at ASCO with both of those agents we thought was were impressive and we just have to make sure that our return on investment should we go into Phase III with the Sheddase inhibitor is the best place to put our money since we can’t do everything.Tom Russo – Robert W. Baird: And just something else that I think I had a bit of air time at ASCO and was kind of a theme was the inadequacy of the current IWG criteria for transfusion independence and preference for something more like the Gale [ph] criteria, I know it’s only been a couple of months but curious if you are seeing any signs of activity kind of in the guidelines community on that front? That’s my last question.
Paul Friedman: I think there was a plan and then the initial meeting may have occurred for the IWG to meet and have further discussion on that, but that’s the last I heard about it. I think it would make a lot of sense because the transfusion independent criteria currently in the guidelines is, as you know, not a very challenging hurdle.Tom Russo – Robert W. Baird: Okay, thanks Paul.
Paul Friedman: Yes so I guess it could be us to follow any of those that you said. It could be us to look at durability; it could be us to follow leukemia-free survival. I don’t know how easy that is with the crossover rules, Rich.
Paul Friedman: So, there is about 16,000 to 18,500 in MF patient in the United States, about a third of them are severe, about a third are moderate, and about a third are mild.
Paul Friedman: As I said a couple of times, I don’t mean to be evasive, but we’re not going to get into the details. What that those issues were until we’ve had a chance to talk with the FDA. I gave you one example. Sure, there have been some people who have not might be strict definition of hydroxyurea resistance or intolerance, that percentage for example, is significantly lower than the white count, platelet count thing I told you about. So that alone would not matter that much and I just would rather not get into the details of what it is we’re addressing both because our partner would not be happy about that and it could balance up our discussions with the FDA.
Paul Friedman: Yes, not that I would bet the ranch on any of those pre-clinical models, but we have very good activity in ____44:24 which should help you by those experiments. But seriously, there have been so many, you don’t want a negative experiment there, but a positive, I don’t think tells you that margin till you get into people.
Paul Friedman: Okay, thanks very much. So, thanks for dialing in today. We will keep you updated as we interact with the FDA as it’s appropriate, we’ll let you know when we get the actual written confirmation to what we’ve assured of verbally multiple times and I suspect that would be within week, 10 days because that’s when the 60 days run out. The things, everything else is moving along, I’m hoping that we have assured you that we are really focused in on top preparing for a successful launch and that we left no stone unturned in doing that, and again we will keep you informed as to how that progresses. Thanks again and with that say good bye.
Dave Hastings: Thanks, Paul and good morning, everybody. I’ll start my brief overview this morning by discussing our cash position. We ended the second quarter with $364 million in cash and investments excluding $28 million in restricted cash held in escrow for interest payments through October 2012 on our 4.75% convertible senior notes. Our cash uses here has been $89 million excluding $14 million in proceeds from stock option exercises and a $15 million milestone payment received from Novartis for the cMET inhibitor program. Our cash use so far this year is on plan and our cash use guidance for the year is unchanged at $185 million to $200 million. This guidance, as always, excludes actual and potential milestones received from partners and proceeds from stock option exercises. Our operating expenses were also in line with our expectations and we’re not changing guidance for either our R&D or SG&A expenses. We continue to focus our investments in what we believe are high value R&D programs as well as preparing for the potential launch of ruxolitinib in the US later this year. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Paul.
Dave Hastings: Yes, so we’re not changing guidance, Cory is though as you look at the first two quarters, the spending is a little bit less than we’re anticipating, and as Paul mentioned, we’re well underway of hiring the sales force putting the infrastructure in place, so again we’ll spend within the 50 million to 55 million, but you’ll see that ramp up in Q3 and Q4 in particular.
Dave Hastings: Sure. So, if you take into account all employee stock options and the convertible note, about $190 million.
Rick Levy: Yes, we actually think that what we’re proposing to do will increase that population, not decrease it.Thomas Wei – Jefferies & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Rick Levy: Yes, I mean, so I think by either regulations or guidelines, the FDA have to give the company at least 55 days notice before Public Advisory Committee. So, we have not received any such notice. But, we would plan on putting in more than 55 days to prepare for an advisory committee. So, we’re doing work that includes creating a whole bunch of potential questions, answers, slides that could be put up for that as well as our primary presentation. If we got a warning within 55 days we probably do a one or two mock advisory committee meetings as has become the practice in the industry these days. We’re not quite 60 days into their priority review yet, so I’m not surprised that we haven’t heard anything one way or the other at this point, but hearing nothing is certainly better than the alternative, because we’d love to not doing advisory committee.
Rick Levy: At this point, we have not been getting specific guidance from Novartis on preparation for an Advisory Committee. In that we would do that if we actually had 55 days of warning. The people who are here at Incyte all done advisory panels before. Not necessarily here at Incyte, but in their experience at other company. So we’re well experienced in this as well, and I’m sure Novartis would be directly involved in preparations, mark [ph] committee, etc., should that come to pass but at this point in time, we’re just basically focusing on preparations of questions and answers back of slides primary presentation.
Rick Levy: So just to remind every one that U.S. market is Incyte and the rest of the world is with Novartis, because approval in the rest of the world takes longer. We’re actually ahead of them on these preparations, all the standard things and when would do associated with market research and branding and positioning and concept and then the distribution processing are different because we’re in the US, and there are ex-US, so there is not really that much overlap and they do have their own focus on their primary responsibility. That being said we have committees in place, we do talk to them all the time, it’s in a very supportive and interactive and continuously engaged relationship, so we get some information from them, they get some information from us.
Rick Levy: Yes, I mean, you can look at durability’ in the arm, let me demonstrate it clear superiority that we’ll see both in a number of things as well as best available therapy –
Rick Levy: Instead a 351 or couple one that US study patients that potentially all crossover and the intent is the COMFORT-II patients who cross over since. So, it’s really more of what you can get out of those places while it’s 3251 [ph] which has already been going on for four years. So get more durability to look at things, but not so in a comparative way. We did not believe that there is really much chance at all that after FDA agreed that we didn’t need to show anything around survival. At the time we’ve set up these SPAs that they would come in now, so we think it would probably more likely just be a run rate, durability, greater exposure around the things that we’ve already and are in the patients that we already have, but we haven’t had this discussions with FDA yet.
Rick Levy: The starting dose in this study is 10 milligrams BID that’s not something that causing to faint and everybody still continues to get titrated and 10 milligrams (inaudible) is about where people end up around and I’ll turn it over to Pat to talk about pricing.
Rick Levy: We don’t expect to have any results from the Phase II type of new indications. This year or early next year, we’re in a early stages of getting those studies started, we don’t yet know what the recruitment rates are going to be, so I wouldn’t anticipate anything probably at a medical meeting until earlier than maybe after 2012, but I just don’t have enough information to really answer the question.
Patty Andrews: Definitely, there is some detailed steps that we need to take in order to get the approved label on the bottles and get the bottles QC-ed and then sent to warehouse and then sent to our distribution network, and we’re very confident since we have mapped all of the steps with all the vendors on board. We have mark ups of draft labels etc., that we can do that within let’s say 10-day window.
Patty Andrews: Sure. We’ve actually completed our pricing work and so we now have significant feedback from payors in the US, and as expected, it’s very favorable because of the profile of the product. And as you know in the United States it’s really about what tiers they place your product on, it’s not whether they will cover it if you are an oncology product because they are covered. And the tiers are second, third, fourth and the first two are generally co-pays, the third is a co-insurance and usually it’s the practice of the organization and some of ours more than it is the results from the study, so we’d expect we will have a mixture across those three tiers. And see, the second question was on the mix, which about 60% of the patients are over 65, so theoretically could be covered by Medicare, some portion of those are still covered by private insurance through retiree benefits or other things. So, it ends up being around, let’s say 40% are covered by Medicare, and 12% covered by self-pay and 5% Medicaid and the rest commercial pay. And that’s how we are looking at it and as you also know there’s different things that we can do to support patients in those different buckets to ensure that the script is written they are able to afford the medications.
Patty Andrews: It’s a combination of both. This recruiting study has been frustrating for some of the sites because of some of the things we’ve talked about and they’re aware that we’re planning an amendment. And so, some of the sites have not been rushing to get up and running until the amendment goes through at the same time. But we’re quite confident that once the amendment goes through, the sites that we have will be enrolling patients and a number of the patients that did not meet the screening criteria originally, will come back in and enroll in the study. So I think looking at the past, clearly says that changes needed to be made which is why we’re taking steps to make the changes but we’re confident that that will work.
Patty Andrews: In our research we did ask both payors and physicians what they thought would be a comparable product and actually they named many. So within that group there is pretty much the obvious comparisons with others CML product, which are chronic to sigma, sprysil [ph], gluvit [ph] or some other products that are newly or not new now, but new were to the market, affinatore [ph], futent [ph] some people name products like permectaso [ph] it really, it’s a wide range that they name and we would be aware of that in choosing what price we have, but really, earlier Brian had asked the question, I was still in the 46,000 range or we see the high end of that, and so if we’re in that range we’re at the high end of that range, but we maybe out of that range.
Patty Andrews: And on uptake, there are a couple of things as we were interviewing these reps that Paul had mentioned, a lot of them have actually commented to us that they’ve spoken to some of their physicians to see if this is a company they should join what they thought as a product and the physician says “Yeah, it’s a great product, I have patients waiting.” So I think there are a certain number of patients out there who are following this, who are active and engaged, physicians who have these patients and they’re waiting for this product. And so there will be a certain amount of that at the beginning. At the same time physicians often cautious, they’re more likely to put their more severely ill patients those who clearly match the exact criteria in the study, those who have very large spleen, and those who have a lot of symptoms and put those patients on the drug first and see how they respond to it. We believe based on everything we’ve seen in earlier studies that majority of those patients, the vast majority will get some benefit, many will do extremely well. It’ll be restoring their lives in a lot of ways that will be encouraging to the physicians, they will then put other patients on the drug, maybe those who are more moderate and spleen enlargement were moderate incentive. So, that takes a while. So if I were characterizing the launch, I will probably do it more slow and steady than enormously fast and then flat.
Patty Andrews: So, as I said earlier, we’re going to set the price at launch, but we’ve certainly been speaking about flat pricing, so it doesn’t matter what strength patient is on. So that would obviously effect if the PV does include were different, the pricing would still be the same per patient so to speak than per dose, so, that’s how we’ve been looking at it.
Patty Andrews: It’s something that we think about and we talk internally about whether we’ll do or not. It’s more critical with your in infused product than if you are in oral Oncology because of the way that’s coverage work been so I think many biotech companies coming forward with monoclonal antibody something they think of probably more strongly then we will think of doing it.
