Hervé Hoppenot: Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone. So, on Slide 5, we achieved another strong year with 2023 product and royalty revenues growing 14% versus 2022 to reach $3.7 billion, continuing the strong performance we have delivered since 2018. We also achieved [a symbolic] (ph) milestone in the fourth quarter. Total product and royalty revenue reached $1 billion quarterly for the first time, driven by the continued growth of Jakafi and successful launch of Opzelura. So, moving to Slide 6, 2023 Jakafi net sales were $2.6 billion, growing 8% versus the prior year with growth across all indications year-over-year. And Opzelura saw strong momentum in 2023, growing 162% to $338 million, driven by new patient and refills in both AD and vitiligo. We expect Opzelura to continue to be a key contributor to growth in the next year. On Slide 7, our clinical pipeline has the ability to deliver transformative therapies to patients across multiple programs and provides the opportunity for 10 high-impact launches by 2030, as presented recently in San Francisco. Importantly, some of the programs highlighted on this slide are de-risked as they are post proof of concept, including axatilimab, which has been submitted to the FDA for approval, RUX cream in pediatric atopic dermatitis to be submitted to the FDA by mid-year, RUX cream in HS where we have randomized Phase 2 data, and povorcitinib, where we are in Phase 3 in HS, vitiligo and in PN, where we are on track to initiate a Phase 3 study this year. Each of these programs have the potential to address a significant market and provide an opportunity to contribute to the top-line before the end of the decade. I would also like now to highlight the recent transaction with MorphoSys on Slide 8. As described in the press release we issued last week, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with MorphoSys, which gave us exclusive global rights for tafasitamab, also known as Monjuvi or Minjuvi. This acquisition provides a number of benefits to Incyte in the short term. First, going forward, we will now record all revenues from Monjuvi in the US, while eliminating MorphoSys' share of the royalties ex US and all future milestone to MorphoSys. Second, we will realize significant operating efficiencies and cost synergies in US commercialization and in global development by removing redundant position and redundant external expenses and by simplifying the org chart. Therefore, in 2024, this deal will add to Incyte's revenue and will have a limited impact on operating income. For the future, while the currently approved indication of relapsed/refractory DLBCL represents a smaller opportunity for tafasitamab, we see upside potential in second line follicular lymphoma and marginal zone lymphoma with Phase 3 data expected later this year and in first line DLBCL, for which Phase 3 data are expected in 2025. These programs have been co-funded by MorphoSys until now and, if positive, Incyte will fully benefit from the upside from this indication. And this acquisition will be value accredit for Incyte in all scenarios. I will now turn the call over to Barry, who will discuss our commercial performance in more detail.
Hervé Hoppenot: So, let me take the piece about our agreement with Novartis on Jakafi and Steven can speak about the development of XR. So, the agreement is such that both parties can be co-developing new formulations of ruxolitinib in oncology, including the once a day. It has not been the case yet, but there is still an optionality for Novartis to co-develop XR if they wish, and that would mean that they would be able to commercialize the XR formulation outside of the US, but not in the US, where, obviously, it will be commercialized by Incyte.
Hervé Hoppenot: But in terms of calibration of follicular lymphoma, we need to see the Phase 3 data. It's a fairly competitive place. There are a lot of new products. So, we need to see the Phase 3 data before we can give you a good calibration of that. I mean, the number of patients we are speaking about in the US is around...
Hervé Hoppenot: So, in Europe today, Opzelura launched in Germany and Austria, in fact, where it's commercially available. The price there is €750 per 100-gram tube. And then, we recently received reimbursement in France under a process called Accès Direct, which is a way to make -- it's one of the first product. In fact, it's the second product to be part of that program. And that gives access to patients through a special distribution system and while the price is being discussed. So, the price discussion will probably take 10 months and we will start booking sales or recognizing revenue in France when the price is finally approved. So that should be late this year in the best case. And then, we are also in the process of getting reinvestment in other countries in Europe. So hopefully, we will get multiple countries launching in '24 and '25. Regarding atopic dermatitis, we decided, obviously, to start with vitiligo for reimbursement reason because it's a better case leading to a better price in most of these countries. And we have ongoing studies that have been, in fact, started relatively recently that could be used if we want to have a limited level in atopic dermatitis, which would be required to be able to maintain the price. So that process is ongoing, and it's not going to lead to a new indication in the next two years. It will be coming after that.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yeah. Maybe on the first question, as I said, I think the tafa acquisition for us is an excellent deal. It's, in fact, very, very asymmetric, because it's, as I said, with all of the synergies we can realize in the short term, it can compensate for what is left in terms of development costs in these two indications or in fact, most of the development has already been paid for in the past year. So, it is a case where the actual impact on the bottom line will be very minimal in the short term and very positive in the long term, whatever the scenario of the new indication. Now, if any of this new indication is hitting and its positive then it becomes obviously a super deal because we get all the benefit in terms of top line. So that's the aspect. Now, in the field of myelofibrosis, as you can see from our pipeline, we have a number of projects that we are pursuing ourselves. We have our own BET. There is still the ALK2 program where, as Pablo was saying, there is some additional data that we need to get certainty, but it's very promising. And obviously, we have the 617F and CALR program on top of the XR formulation. So all of that is giving us a very full pipeline in the field of myelofibrosis. So that would not be the first priority for acquisitions.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Hervé, and good morning, everyone. Starting with Jakafi on Slide 10. In the fourth quarter, Jakafi net product revenue grew 7% year-over-year to $695 million and grew 8% for the full year to $2.6 billion. Total patients increased 6% in 2023, with growth being seen across all indications. We experienced some variation in Jakafi dynamics during the fourth quarter, including an increase in patients on free drug as well as an inventory fluctuations. Recall, inventory grew down modestly in Q3 and rebounded in the fourth quarter. Additionally, we anticipate the increase in patients on free drugs seen at the end of 2023 to reverse and return to more normalized levels through 2024, supported by the lower out-of-pocket expenses under the Part D redesign. Christiana will provide more details on these dynamics in her prepared remarks. We continue -- and we expect continued growth of Jakafi and have updated the full year net product revenue guidance for 2024 to a range of $2.69 billion to $2.75 billion. As highlighted on Slide 11, Jakafi continues to maintain its leadership and market share in MF, driven by its unmatched product profile. Based on market research, other competitors have not had an impact on Jakafi in regards to total patient market share or new patients, and is consistent with our expectations. Jakafi demand remains strong and we expect continued future growth driven by maintaining its leadership as standard of care in myelofibrosis, growth opportunities in polycythemia vera and chronic graft-versus-host disease, as well as earlier use in chronic GvHD. Additionally, we anticipate the positive changes in out-of-pocket expenses for Medicare Part D patients to contribute to the growth in the coming years, with the biggest impact starting in 2025. Turning to Slide 12 and Opzelura fourth quarter performance. Opzelura net product revenues in the fourth quarter were $109 million, up 78% when compared to the same quarter last year. Total 2023 full year net sales grew 162% versus 2022 to reach $338 million. US patient demand increased during the quarter with total prescriptions growing 77% year-over-year and refills growing by 22% versus the prior quarter. The weekly prescription trend, as shown on the right, demonstrates typical end of Q4 dynamics, as well as the continued growth of Opzelura, which is coming from both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo. In AD, growth was primarily driven by Opzelura's efficacy and impact on inflammation and itch. In vitiligo, where Opzelura is the only approved treatment for repigmentation, growth was driven largely by refills, improved access and our educational initiatives. We remain very optimistic about the long-term potential of Opzelura as we continue to see strong uptake. The launch continues to be strong and it's gaining positive momentum with both physicians and patients as Opzelura becomes established as one of the best recent dermatology launches. Looking at the first 27 months post FDA approval, Opzelura continues to outperform other dermatology products on a launch aligned basis when measured by monthly dermatologists prescribed TRxs on the left and when comparing quarterly net revenues on the right. The successful launch of Opzelura is driven by its compelling product profile, its ability to address significant unmet need in both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo and our strong market access relative to competition where we continue to improve access and growing net sales. Turning to Slide 14, we have a number of initiatives in place for Opzelura to drive demand in 2024 in both AD and vitiligo. We know that based on Opzelura's compelling efficacy and safety, healthcare professionals want to use Opzelura sooner in the treatment algorithm. In addition to securing improved access for 2024, we are also continuing to look for ways to improve utilization management and we have an exceptional value proposition that supports these advancements. For vitiligo, we continue to drive patient awareness through consistent marketing campaigns with the goal of educating and inspiring these patients with positive real-world patient experiences. We believe this will drive further demand and activate patients to discuss treatment options with their dermatologists. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pablo.
Barry Flannelly: So, stabilization of market share in myelofibrosis. So Jakafi, as you know, is the leader in myelofibrosis because of its safety, efficacy, overall survival, and really tolerability, which is really a big advantage. We think that myelofibrosis will continue to be the largest portion of our patient share until polycythemia vera patients ultimately take over, because you know those stay on for long period of time. Your question around pelabresib, if and when it gets approved in combination with Jakafi, of course, that's a good thing for us. If in fact the profile of the drug is as it appears or the combination is as it appears, then many physicians may choose to use that combination and Jakafi will only benefit, but we have to wait and see what happens with the approval process.
Barry Flannelly: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So of course, as far as launch trajectory, we're continuing to launch very well in both AD and vitiligo. We continue to expect growth in vitiligo just based upon our educational efforts directed both at patients and healthcare professionals. We know that the profile in AD in terms of its itch relief and clearance of the skin is unmatched for any therapy, topical therapy. We even believe that in AD, for example, the profile is so good that as far as payers are concerned, they're interested in the fact that more than 80% of the patients will be clear and have their itch relieved and can delay or not even go on to biologics. So, we think those dynamics are good for both AD and vitiligo going forward, and we can -- we're looking forward to future growth. I'll turn the call over to Christiana to talk about gross to net.
Barry Flannelly: So, as far as breaking out AD versus vitiligo, I think we've said before, it's about 60% currently for AD, 40% currently for vitiligo. It could be changing a little bit. Ultimately, we expect vitiligo total tubes perhaps surpass AD. AD patients are many new patients always come on for atopic dermatitis, and in vitiligo, it's about continued use and refills. As far as Monjuvi tafasitamab goes, obviously, we're looking forward to, hopefully, positive data in follicular lymphoma, indolent lymphoma and in first-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. So, we think there's great opportunities ahead for these two indications. We think it's a great drug for lymphoma. Obviously, it's a crowded marketplace, but we think the profile of the drug and the trials we put together for those two new indications are going to serve us well in the future.
Barry Flannelly: Well, there's [29,000] (ph) patients in first-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. There's about 13,000 patients in second-line plus in follicular lymphoma in the United States.
Barry Flannelly: So, to answer the first question, in Q4, we saw a significant increase in patient seeking assistance from Incyte in the form of free drug, of course. We know that these were paid patients who had Medicare Part D and our assumption is these patients were receiving financial assistance from independent charitable foundations to cover their out-of-pocket expenses. This assistance was no longer available to them apparently at the -- towards the end of the year. And of course, they came to us and they met our eligibility criteria for free drug. With the changes in Medicare in 2024, as you know, the out-of-pocket in 2024 for Medicare Part D is greatly reduced. Therefore, we expect these patients to return to being paid patients. And in fact, we know already that many of these patients already have. In terms of 2024, 2025 and the changes to Medicare Part D, we think it's been very positive. We've been saying it for a long time that these co-pay out-of-pocket cost for patients -- cancer patients who are in Medicare Part D was very much too high and should be reduced. And in fact, they probably are still too high. But because of the way it happens in 2025, $2,000 maxim out of pockets, they can spread that out over throughout the year. So, they pay about $167 per month for a 12-month period. We think that there's lots of patients perhaps over the years who have walked away who have abandoned drug because they could not afford these out-of-pocket cost. We think that there's an opportunity at least for those patients who abandon drug or just thought they could not afford the drug now that the Medicare Part D is greatly reduced, they could come back -- so come back or option into drug therapy now. So...
Barry Flannelly: As far as the payer mix goes, there's no real difference between payer mix. For AD, more patients perhaps have step therapies. In vitiligo, more patients don't have any steps or have one step. In terms of the number of tubes we've said in the past that for AD, it's around two tubes or a little bit more. We think that will continue to grow as people use the drug over larger portions of the body, obviously, they can go up to 20% of their body surface area, which is a very large body surface area. Some people start out in sensitive areas and now they'll continue to use it over a larger [portion] (ph) of their skin. For vitiligo, it's just too early. We'll figure out. But we're anticipating, obviously, as we've said, the refills will be much greater in vitiligo compared to AD.
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Navin. This is Barry. So as far as patient retention, I guess what you mean is that how many patients. So obviously, the vitiligo patients stay on for a much longer period of time. Of course, atopic dermatitis patients, patients with eczema, they have flares, they use Opzelura it goes away, and it's very effective. So, some patients get immediate relief. Obviously, we talk about the itch relief all the time to get good itch relief and then the skin begins to clear over time. So these patients will come back, we think, year after year as long as they have their eczema and use the drug when they see the flares until it goes away and then start using it again. Vitiligo patients, we've seen from our long-term data, patients can use the drug for twp years and continue to get benefit. So that's what we keep on reinforcing around education so that patients understand how to use the drug, what they're going to see at three months, six months, nine months, 12 months and beyond, and that's how we'll continue to retain them. Yes, it's very important, the strategies around patients' adherence, particularly for vitiligo, and particularly, we know we can make improvements around what healthcare professionals, dermatologists and their offices are telling the patient how to use the drug and then the patients themselves understanding how to use the trend. As far as competitors in the MF space, I mean, there are three other JAK inhibitors approved for myelofibrosis, where we continue to be the market leader in myelofibrosis, we'll continue to be. As far as the combinations that have been studied recently, we'll see. But it certainly does expand the market because you have the opportunity of going early, earlier patients starting. We know if they start early with Jakafi, their survival advantages could be better. And then, in fact, they'll go to second-line drugs and third-line drugs. So yes, we created the market, and it could expand if there are good drugs approved after Jakafi.
Pablo Cagnoni: Thank you, Barry, and good morning, everyone. I want to highlight some of the key R&D milestones that we accomplished in 2023 and to provide a framework for how we are evolving our R&D focus with near-term goals to increase the rigor of our decision making, accelerate the progression of our pipeline and to optimize our resource allocation. As you can see on Slide 16, we have three areas of focus where we're building a robust and diverse portfolio of medicines for the treatment of MPNs and graft-versus-host disease, oncology and inflammatory diseases. We're advancing a pipeline to deliver impactful innovation with a focus on best-in-class and our first-in-class differentiated medicines in areas with large unmet medical needs. Our discovery process is targeting pathway-centric and leverages cross program knowledge and deep biology expertise in our established disease areas of interest to identify and prosecute novel targets as well as disease and genotype-specific dependencies with a mortality agnostic approach. In addition to our established small molecules expertise, we have expanded our drug discovery capabilities to include monoclonal antibody discovery in-house and have access to bispecific antibody discovery capabilities through our partnership with Merus. Turning now to Slide 17, we made significant advancements across all three priority areas of focus in the R&D portfolio in 2023. In MPNs and graft-versus-host disease, we submitted the BLA for axatilimab for the treatment in third line chronic graft-versus-host disease. We presented updates for our BET and ALK2 inhibitors in MF and highlighted our new potentially transformative therapies for MF, PV and ET, our mutant CALR monoclonal antibody, which is enrolling well in a Phase 1 study and our JAK2 V617F inhibitor for which we plan to initiate a Phase 1 study in the next month. In oncology, we initiated several monotherapy and combination studies with our small molecule oral PD-L1 inhibitor and highlighted early signs of clinical activity with our small molecule CDK2 inhibitor. Additionally, we unveiled a new program in development, our KRASG12D inhibitor, which entered the clinic earlier this year. Steven will provide more detail on the KRASG12D program in his prepared remarks. In dermatology, we continue to maximize the potential of ruxolitinib cream. In 2023, Opzelura was approved in Europe for vitiligo as the first and only approved treatment for repigmentation. We also presented positive Phase 3 data in pediatric atopic dermatitis and announced that the primary endpoint was met in a randomized Phase 2 study in patients with hidradenitis suppurativa. For povorcitinib, we presented a positive randomized Phase 2 data in vitiligo and initiated two Phase 3 studies for patients with extensive vitiligo. We also announced that povorcitinib had met the primary endpoint in a randomized Phase 2 study in patients with prurigo nodularis, and we initiated two randomized Phase 2 studies, one in patients with asthma and another in patients with chronic spontaneous urticaria. We believe that with ruxolitinib cream and povorcitinib, we'll be the only company with the ability to address a broad spectrum of patients from mild to severe, potentially providing both the topical and oral option for a number of indications, including prurigo nodularis, hidradenitis suppurativa and vitiligo. Apart from an exhaustive list of all the R&D achievements in the past year, this demonstrates that 2023 was a very successful impactful year for Incyte and it serves as a foundation for a number of pivotal trials that will deliver results in the next few years. As you can see from Slide 18, we anticipate that 2024 will be another very exciting year with multiple clinical and regulatory milestones. Steven will provide more details on these, but I would like to highlight certain events. Within our oncology pipeline, we believe that our potentially best-in-class CDK2 inhibitor is an active agent and we look forward to sharing data as well as our development plan later this year. In addition, the pivotal trial of tafasitamab in patients with follicular and marginal zone lymphoma, also known as inMIND, we'll read out later this year, and we look forward to sharing those results. We submitted a BLA for axatilimab late last year and we look forward to working with the FDA to make axatilimab available to patients with chronic graft-versus-host disease later this year and to initiate additional combination studies in patients with less pre-treated chronic graft-versus-host disease. Within our dermatology portfolio, we expect to submit the sNDA for Opzelura for pediatric atopic dermatitis and expect multiple data readouts throughout the year. With that, I would like to pass the call to Steven, who will provide further details on our clinical development pipeline.
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes. Thank you for the question. This is Pablo. So, for the ALK2 inhibitor program, what we're in the process of doing, and we need to establish this efficacy in a larger number of patients with newly diagnosed MF in combination with ruxolitinib. And that's what the team is focused on right now and as we mentioned at ASH last December. So, we continue to push the dose. We need to get to doses of around 400 to 600 milligrams a day in order to get the maximum effect on hepcidin. Two, we need longer duration of therapy in a larger group of patients in combination with RUX. So, that will happen over the course of the year. We haven't provided a specific timeline for when we're going to disclose the data. But as we mentioned at ASH last year, it would happen this year. And we'll provide clarity on what the next steps for that program are. On the second question for the mutant CALR antibody program, we started dose escalation very recently, as you know. That study is accruing very well. The initial goals like for any first-in-human study, obviously, to establish that this monoclonal antibody is safe, get a good view of the pharmacokinetics in this first-in-human study and establish initial evidence of efficacy, which, in this case, will be by traditional endpoints in MPNs and also potentially a view on the effect of the mutant CALR monoclonal antibody on a real burden in some of these patients. That will happen over the course of the year. We haven't decided yet when we're going to present data, whether it's this year, whether at some point in 2025.
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes, thank you for the question. We have not. We are happy with the safety profile so far, which is consistent with the mechanism of CDK2 inhibition. And we have not seen ocular toxicity, which, as you know, led to a clinical hold in one of our competitors. So, we're very excited about the early data of our CDK2 inhibitor, as we mentioned. And we look forward to sharing data over the course of the year as well as our future development plans for the CDK2 inhibitor program.
Steven Stein: And then, Andy, I'll take the other part of your question. So, for RUX XR, as Pablo communicated at the ASH Investor event, we have now clear feedback from the FDA that we need to do a new formulation strength, which are already developed, which are slightly higher and then demonstrate the EBA with those primarily around Cmin and AUC. That's the clear guidance from the FDA. And we estimate this should be completed in a two-year process, so well before the LOE. It doesn't affect our development of FTCs, fixed-dose combinations, with any of our products. So that continues. For our BET inhibitor, again, we showed data at ASH and alluded in my prepared remarks, we have clearly an active compound showing very good rates of spleen reduction, both volume and length, very good symptom improvement and occasional hemoglobin increases, just like seen with the other BET inhibitor. We have been operating like other companies under the assumption that at least in first line, you need SVR35 and symptoms to date to get approvals. I can't comment on where they are in their regulatory progresses or how the FDA may change in that regard. But that has been the standard to date. Thank you.
Steven Stein: Michael, hi, it's Steven. I'll start with your question. Thank you for the question. So, povor in HS, we think we have outstanding efficacy data, which we've now updated with a 52-week data that shows prolonged effect that's maintained. And so remember, this is a JAK1 specific agent, about 50-fold selective for JAK1, has a long half-life and a very high volume of distribution, which may translate to more penetration in the skin, which is why we see this degree of efficacy showing to date. Both Phase 3 STOP-HS1 and HS2 are enrolling very, very well. So that probably speaks to also some of the belief out there in the agent, and that is clearly our lead indication as you alluded to. It's hard to always cross-compare with many caveats to other studies where the drugs aren't directly compared and you spoke about the IL-17 here and the biologics, and clearly, there's some variable activity there. You have to look at placebo corrected rates. But I think ours tackles multiple aspects of the disease pathophysiology, not just one interleukin. And as I said, the drug profile with a long half-life and high volume of distribution may lend itself to increased efficacy here. Obviously, time will tell with the Phase 3 data. It will be a once daily oral tablet, which offers that sort of convenience. In PN, what patients suffer from primarily is intense itching. And again, our Phase 2 proof of concept data is very strong in terms of the itch relief here and the ability to eliminate that symptom pretty quickly, as well as over time, disease resolution in the actual skin manifestations. There is, as you allude to, an approved agent there in Dupixent, but that has provided us the regulatory pathway on the way to go in terms of itch resolution and skin change resolution. And again, we'll offer the once-daily oral convenience. We think we'll have a really good agents in terms of high efficacy there. So, we're excited about this program as well. Thanks.
Steven Stein: And, Ren, your question on XR, so just to go back to the CRL, remember, when we did the submission, we missed on Cmin to a small degree that per the FDA resulted in a theoretic concern on efficacy. And then we tried to do some more population PK analysis in that to reassure them, but their pathway didn't work. And as we gave more granular detail at the end of last year, the route forward is new formulation, slightly larger tablet size and then repeat EBA work. And you're right, it's not -- doesn't take a great length of time. But to get that data in, analyze it, put it into a package and send it to the FDA and then have the discussions and approximation of best guess is an approximately to your journey from the beginning of this year to get it done. And that, we feel, has enough conservatism in it that we should make it. In terms of probably of success, we can model from the formulations what we will likely achieve in terms of area under the curve, Cmin and even actually Cmax as well. And we think that is relatively high. Obviously, that's why we're doing it, and we'll share that data as it becomes available and then take it to regulatory agencies. Thanks.
