Hervé Hoppenot: Thank you Pam, and good morning everybody. seethe field of oncology is evolving very rapidly at Incyte with a growing marketed product and the pipeline that includes innovative targeted therapy and first-in class compound in onco inflammation and immuno oncology is very well positioned to be an important player in this [challenge] [ph] in oncology. We had a very good first quarter commercially and on the development side. The sales of Jakafi - demand size of Jakafi are increasing at a steady rate and we are very confident in the full-year net product revenue guidance of $315 million to $335 million. On the clinical side we’re growing our portfolio; the PV filing is on track; we launched our Phase III program of ruxolitinib in patients with pancreatic cancer and randomized Phase 2 studies of ruxolitinib in patient with colorectal cancer or lung cancer and breast cancer has been initiated. The IDO program is advancing; the ipilimumab combination Phase I/II data would be presented at ASCO in a few weeks. And we’re on track to begin the trial combining our IDO inhibitor 24360 with Merck’s anti-PD-1 immunotherapy in the second quarter. Our selective JAK1 inhibitor 39110 is expected to begin the first of two Phase 2 trial in non-small cell lung cancer in the second quarter. And we have advanced our PI3-kinase delta inhibitor 40093 in our Phase 1 trial in combination with 39110 in B-lymphoid malignancies. Novartis continues to progress INC280 our c-MET inhibitor and has initiated a second Phase 2 trial in c-MET positive/EGFR-TKI-resistant non-small cell lung cancer. Our alliance with Lilly could deliver significant value for baricitinib our second JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor and we expect to see internal readout of results from the first of multiple trials in RA Phase 3 program this year, with data presentation to come in 2015. We also plan to initiate a Phase 2 trial of our second JAK1 inhibitor 47986 in rheumatoid arthritis by mid year. Now let me turn to ASCO; we will have three important clinical data presentations and on Monday night following two of this presentation, we will host an investor event where we will discuss as a presentation of that day, so it’s a recap results as well as the data that [inaudible] the role of JAK inhibition as a mechanism to target systemic and local inflammation. And 24360 and the role we see for IDO inhibition in immuno oncology, so that’s for Monday. And on Tuesday afternoon following our presentation of the results from RESPONSE the pivotal Phase 3 study in patient with uncontrolled polycythemia vera we will host a second IR event and Dr. Verstovsek will present the RESPONSE data so that will be coming in another few weeks from now, where we will have all of this important data that will be presented. Now Jim will provide more details around our commercial accomplishment with Jakafi.
Hervé Hoppenot: Well the reason we do two meetings is frankly, mostly practical because two of the presentations on Monday and I know many of you in fact may not say on Tuesday so what we wanted to do is to do meeting on Monday evening to discuss IDO and onco inflammation. I think obviously the data itself is going to be a big part of this meeting, but in addition to the data, what we would like to discuss with all of you is also the scientific rationale behind onco inflammation and the fact that there is a mechanism there that is fairly you where very few companies are involved and we are in the lead. And it is our responsibility to clarify for everybody what is the science behind the mechanism of external of the drug like Jakafi in study tumors. For IDO obviously the data that would be for the disclosed for the first time and then we’ll be discussing also the status of the program and how we see combinations being that keep up as the next steps for this product.Eric T. Schmidt – Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you, that’s helpful.
Hervé Hoppenot: I would say that important thing that can prevent anybody from taking such a path, the reality of the field of IDO is that we are well ahead of the competition and that’s what we intend to continue, where we intend to continue to be. So we don’t see that as a circumstantial issue.
Hervé Hoppenot: Okay, thank you. Thank you for attending this call. Obviously, as you see, I mean we have had a very strong Q1 on the development side and on the commercial side. So I think it can be looked at as a very good step for the organization and the next big one would be at ASCO. So I hope to see you all at our ASCO Investor meeting. Thank you.
James M. Daly: Thank you, Hervé and good morning everyone. Our first quarter net product sales of $70 million reflect continued steady growth in underlying demand which was offset by one time seasonal impacts from price and inventory drawdown following inventory builds in the fourth quarter of last year. These impacts were anticipated and we remain confident in our full year guidance of $315 million to $335 million for net product revenue. Year-over-year net sales grew 44% and quarter-over-quarter sales declined 4% with the following components to change relative to the prior quarter. Underlying demand as measured by bottles dispensed to patients grew by 6% consistent with growth relative to the same period last year. We are encouraged by this performance given that seasonality typically makes first quarter challenging for branded products due to the annual reset of deductibles, increased cost sharing while in the donut hole, and patients pulling forward January prescriptions into December. Net price declined by 4% reflecting a temporary increase in gross to net discounts driven by seasonal increases in Medicare Part D donut hole rebates reflecting a $3 million impasse. As expected and communicated on the fourth quarter call, the inventory increase that occurred in the fourth quarter was given back in the first quarter. Inventory declined by 6% and we exited the first quarter at the lower end of the normal range of three to three and a half weeks. The dollar value decreased in inventory in the first quarter was approximately $4 million consistent with the inventory build in the fourth quarter.  We believe the increase in underlying demand in the first quarter reflects continued solid execution of our commercial strategy to growth Jakafi in MF. Market research indicates that the expansion of our sales force, which was completed in the fourth quarter along with high impact educational programs have driven expanded depth and breadth of prescribing for Jakafi.  Measures of specific progress were seen and an increased understanding of dosing and recognize that Jakafi works regardless of JAK2 V16F mutation status. The overall reimbursement environment for Jakafi continues to be favorable. The vast majority of payers manage Jakafi consistent with the label, and patients are able to successfully manage most prior authorization that exists.  In the first quarter, we launched enhancements to our Incyte care patient support program. We remain committed to making this program second to none in terms of support levels, eligibility thresholds and either views to benefit both current MF patients and future PV patients. Our Jakafi net sales guidance assumes no meaningful contribution to revenues in 2014 from FDA approved indication in PV. We believe the PV indication will make a substantial contribution to Jakafi sales in 2015. The addressable patient population for PV is larger than that of MF and lengthy treatment of PV is likely to be longer than MF. Based up on claims data there are at least hundred thousand PV patients diagnosed and treated in the U.S. 60% of them are currently on HU, or previously on HU. But this continued because of side effects, or lack of efficacy. We estimate that approximately 25,000 of these patients or one in four have inadequate response to or intolerant of HU and suffer from uncontrolled PV while on just available therapies. We have always said that MPNs are just beginning. We have a deep pipeline of novel molecules and innovative programs that represents an exceptional opportunity to make a difference for patients. To discuss this in more detail I’ll turn it over to Rich.
James M. Daly: Sure, well as you know, patients, particularly when you have a branded product with a significant Medicare part D component, patients do have a tendency to try and pull forward prescriptions from January into December, but that effect only lasts for month and you’d expect to see that bounceback. We are seeing that. Price was kind of a wind in our face in the first quarter. We had gross to net of 8% in the fourth quarter. We jumped to 12% in the first quarter. But as Dave guided 9 to 10 for the year, we expect that to come down so price will certainly be a wind in our back. Plus we took price increase on April 1. So we expect to have - and we think we ended the quarter at the low-end of the normal range of inventory. So we have got all drivers going in the right direction in the second quarter so we think we're going to have a very strong second quarter.Matt M. Roden – UBS Securities LLC: Sorry, go ahead on the guidance.
James M. Daly: So, right now we are still in the dose finding portion of that study. And so we generally in this case as well, try to get through dose finding with a broad population of patients until we get to the drug levels where we are confident that we really want to be focusing on potential subgroups that may be best. In that study, we are not focusing on the same subgroup as in the solid tumors although that is a possibility for later on. And I’d ask Reid if you want to add anything to this.
James M. Daly: Brian this is Jim, I will take the second question first which is we’ve seen just a very gradual increase and the percent of use that is non-MF I think we have 12% non-MF in the fourth quarter and that’s gone to 13% in the first quarter, so no meaningful change.
James M. Daly: So, what has been publicly announced is that they're doing Phase II trials and psoriasis and diabetic nephropathy and they have not said anything beyond those two indications.Michael W. Schmidt – Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my questions.
James M. Daly: Steve, at a general policy we don’t comment on forward pricing actions but if you look at oral oncolytics there is a growing practice to move toward twice a year pricing actions.Steve Byrne – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay, thank you.
James M. Daly: So we’re exploring all options we clearly are focused on the PD1’s including the study with Merck if there is an opportunity with ipilimumab that is not already potentially taken by a PD1 we would certainly be interested in exploring that so we’ve not closed the door on anything and I’ll turn the second question over to Reid.
James M. Daly: So we’ll get into that more detail when we actually do our Investor meeting when we actually disclose the subgroup. But I mean I will say that probably the breast cancer patients which is probably the largest of the indication has a lower percentage on that would meet the subgroup. But we should have no trouble finding them because there are so many of these breast cancer patients. And what was your second part of the question.Josh E. Schimmer – Piper Jaffray & Co:  When the trials will specifically only include those subgroup patients or whether enrolled.
James M. Daly: Right so as I try to get across in my prepared remarks, the lung cancer and breast cancer studies are only in the subgroup. The colon cancer includes two groups. Those that meet this definition and those do not but the primary endpoint in the colon cancer study is based on those patients that are in that subgroup. We felt that it was important to demonstrate that this subgroup was not only predictive in pancreatic cancer but in at least one other tumor type. And we choose to do that, within colon cancer because this study which is on top of survivor or Regorafenib the very advanced patient population, positive trial there has some potential to be a registration trial. And so we wanted to make sure that we were kicking the box of showing that this predictor that we saw confirmed in pancreatic cancer was also confirmed in one of the tumor types. We don't feel that it, we show that in both pancreatic and colon that we would need to show in other types. And that’s kind of the reason why that study is bigger.Josh E. Schimmer – Piper Jaffray & Co: Got it. Thanks very much.
James M. Daly: So, I mean I think that, really is going to be indication by indication. And the data that we saw in pancreatic cancer is pretty convincing that this is real. But it was based on hypothesis that goes back in the literature from many years with tens of thousands of patients supporting that this is an important factor. Anyone study is not necessarily going to negotiate that the totality of that data. And so I certainly don't think it would have any impact on the approval in pancreatic cancer. And if we saw good results for example, in both of the patients that were in this group and those were not in the group. In colon cancer, my preference would be the same, the good in both groups and maybe there's another reason why that drug works in colon cancer. Anything can happen within individual study and that's why you have to do the study is to really know.Boris Peaker – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Correct. And my second question is on IDO. I’m just curious are you in active discussion for additional potential combinations for your IDO compound and it’s so all these partnerships specifically maybe waiting for the ASCO data would have been prior to pulling the trigger on some other IDO combo.
James M. Daly: Yes, we already have two discussions with other manufactures. So we have PD-1s, PD-L1s and there are not gated to any other particular data release.Boris Peaker – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.:  Okay, great. Thank you for taking my questions.
David C. Hastings: Thanks, Rich. Good morning everybody. Let’s begin with Jakafi for which we recorded $69.7 million first quarter net product revenues. Additionally, we reported $9.8 million in product royalties from Novartis for sales of Jakafi outside the United States. We also recorded as a part of contract revenue in the first quarter, a $7 million milestone from Novartis based on the formal initiation of a Phase II clinical study with c-MET inhibitor INC280 and c-MET positive/EGFR-TKI-resistant non-small cell lung cancer.  Our gross to net adjustment for product revenue recognized was approximately $9.6 million or 12.1% for the first quarter. As I mentioned in our last call, we expected our gross to net adjustment to be higher in the first quarter than the rest of the year primarily because of our share of the donut hole for Medicare Part D patients. We still expect that our full year gross to net adjustment will range from 9% to 10%. Our cost of goods sold for the first quarter was immaterial as we continue to benefit from the fact that our starting finished goods inventory was previously expensed as R&D prior to FDA approval. In terms of operating expenses, both R&D and SG&A were within our expectations.  From a cash perspective, we ended the quarter with $519 million in cash; our multiple and increasing sources of cash flows from net product sales, milestones and royalties and our stable cash position give us the ability to continue to invest in our PV launch activities and fund our expanding high potential pipeline. So, with that operator, that concludes our formal remarks. And let’s open the call for our Q&A.
David C. Hastings: Sure. We’ve already established with monotherapy with 4093 that we’re able to get safely to levels that inhibit the target by over 90% throughout the dosing interval. We then took a step back, when we added in combination with the JAK1 inhibitor and we want to get up to at least that level. Then there are several expansion cohorts in different patient populations which are not really ready to discuss at this time. But Reid also mentioned for example the ABC subtype of DLBCL. It’s something that we are interested in. And that will potentially give us, answers to whether or not we want to move forward to potential Phase II or even registration trials in some of those B-cell malignancies with that combination.
David C. Hastings: Greater details until a later time.Ian Somaiya – Nomura Securities International, Inc.:  Okay. Thank you, very much.
David C. Hastings: I would it’s probably about somewhere in the range of six, but I just don't have that number in my head.Thomas Wei – Jefferies & Co.: Fair it’s…
Richard S. Levy: Sure. So, I mean you didn't say it but I'm pretty certain that you are talking about the IDO studies. So in the abstract we will have results of the patients who were first started at 300 milligrams and even though that dose was not tolerated we’ll present some data - there is data in the abstract on those patients. Then we went down to 25 milligrams twice a day. There were eight patients in that cohort and that is the data that is in the abstract. At the actual presentation we will also have results of the 15 milligrams BID cohort, which adds about another seven or eight patients. So, altogether there is a number of patients. But there will definitely be some additional data from the higher dose cohort in the presentation that is in the abstract that we expect to come out around two weeks from now.Whitney Ijem – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Got it. Thanks for taking the question.
Richard S. Levy: So clearly there is buy-in to the subgroup. That was not an issue and we have in writing that we don't need to study the other subgroup et cetera, et cetera. With respect to how much FDA believes in the mechanism, I mean there a skeptical group is – in general when they say show me more data. So they have seen the early data and they said we need another trial and you would be better off following the regulations and doing two more trials just to be absolutely safe in case that results in the first of those trials is not quite as robust as what you saw in Phase II. So I mean that's about all I can say. The SPA was a process that we went through. Not because we wanted to get their buy-in that survival could be the primary endpoint, but to make sure that the subgroup was okay and that we didn't need to do any work to develop a companion diagnostic.Matt M. Roden – UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks and congrats on all the pipeline progress.
Richard S. Levy: Okay, I can’t go into detail as to what is going to be in the abstract/presentation, I think the main difference that you will see from what’s already out there is the identification of the subgroup. I don't remember the abstract per se to remember what else is in there. But there is more information than was simply in the press release that we issued before. And then the actual presentation will obviously go beyond the abstract and I think importantly the investor event that we will do that evening will include additional presentations that go beyond the actual results of the RECAP study to include background on historical data, on selection of the subgroup and why we are confident of this is not only real here in pancreatic cancer, but other solid tumors as well. As well as more on the scientific background on the whole theory and evidence behind onco inflammation as a therapeutic target with Jakafi [inaudible].Ian Somaiya – Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. And just one follow-up was on the combination study you are running [inaudible] B-cell lymphoma, PI3K-delta and JAK1. Just intrigued by the combination of that mechanism and I was wondering if there are any subgroups that you have identified or [inaudible] in that trial like you did in the RECAP study.
Richard S. Levy: So I have to be careful what I say here because the data is not out yet. There are some differences between the designs of the trials more so then there are differences in the results of the trials. So for example in the Phase 2 trial we look at (indiscernible) by patient not by MRI, where is to get MRI in Phase 3. We had a running period where we got people into a therapeutic range for their hermetic within the Phase 2 trial. And then look for phlebotomy eligibility where as the Phase 2 we just took them where they were. So there are going to be some difference based on the designs of the trials but I don’t think quantitatively or qualitatively they indicate anything different.  Obviously the Phase 3 trial is larger and that gives us an ability to start looking at certain things that we had no potential to look at in Phase 2 including for example even though the rates are low, rates of the thrombosis in the different arms of the trial which you trying to keep them rate down in order to be able to avoid thrombosis but actually doing thrombosis trials is way too long and too larger in the FDA we didn’t need to do that but within this larger study with patient study is longer we can start to get a hint at some of that data as well.Brian C. Abrahams – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks Richard, that’s really helpful and just a quick follow up you mentioned I don’t think Lily’s recently mentioned that will see some of the Phase 3 data comparison that rolling up by the end of this year can you possibly clarify which of the studies, which study or studies we might see and is there anything you’re waiting to see from those readouts prior to starting the Phase 2 for 986 in RA? Thanks.
Richard S. Levy: The answer is. I do know which trials are likely to readout this year but I’m not at liberty to get any information on Lily’s programs at this time they really are in control of the message on this one and we just what we said is what we’re allowed to say at this point of time. Brian C. Abrahams – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, sure enough in terms of gaining practice for 986 and anything you are looking for in those studies if we start 96.
Richard S. Levy: No, that study is pretty much ready to start we have an investigator’s meeting coming up and then patients will start enrolling protocol has finalized, the IND is clear that’s pretty much ready to go.Brian C. Abrahams – Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Great, thanks again.
Richard S. Levy: Yes.Thomas Wei – Jefferies & Co.: And can you give us a sense because of the disparity of the doses here, when you talk about having a positive view on the efficacy signals, you are talking about a kind of all doses here. This isn’t something that’s being driven by the data 300 milligrams.
Richard S. Levy: Yes, so I think we went to 600 and 900 originally with monotherapy and that was way higher than we needed to be. And I agree with you that we believe that the combination toxicity data is largely – is the combination issue and most likely not a PD-1 or PD-L1 combination issue. But we have to generate the data to do that. So we are going to start relatively low. And work our way up. But I don't think that anyone has to be that there is a need to take the amount of time it would take to get all the way up to 300 mg dose again, because when we look at this, we said in the range of 25 to 50 mg BID gives about all the efficacy that you see in the preclinical model. So, we would like to have some buffer there above that's that every patient remains in that therapeutic range. And so I don't think it's the case that we are going to have to go gradually from 25 BID as an example of the starting point all the way up to 300. But, the protocol probably allows us to continue to go, but I think that we probably won't go past a few doses.Thomas Wei – Jefferies & Co.:   Thanks, that’s very helpful.
Richard S. Levy: I’m sorry. So the differences are number one that we are looking at symptoms of pancreatic cancer in Janus 2, but not in Janus 1, but that still only an exploratory end point there to try to fully evaluate potential patient for the outcome that could be supplemental labeling statement at a later time. The second thing is the Janus 1 is a little bit larger than Janus 2 not by a lot simply because the only real role for Janus 2 will be a Janus 1 is not sufficiently robust that we need the second positive trial, so it’s a little bit smaller otherwise the designs are pretty much identical.Ying Huang – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Richard S. Levy: No Liisa we’re going through a translation process right now I think which the team translated Phase II to Phase III now we have translate Phase III to a label and then as a commercial team we will translate that to messages then we will ultimately translate that into treated patients. So the normal criteria is evolving as we go through those translation processes.Liisa A. Bayko – JMP Securities, LLC: Okay, great. And then can you maybe talk a little bit about market readiness I know that was slight issue for Jakafi and MF what do you doing in PV now just sort of lay the foundation that’s my last question? Thank you.
Richard S. Levy: Liisa I want get into explicit details, but I want to assure you that we’re doing everything that should be done that can be down in order to climb the market in a complaint manner. So that we have a higher compression launch for PV, so it will be a launch executed in a highly professional manner, and our goal is to make sure that the patients who need this product get it as quickly as possible and we are confident, we are going to do that.Liisa A. Bayko – JMP Securities, LLC: Great, thanks a lot.
