David Hastings: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everybody. I’ll start my overview this morning by discussing our cash position and guidance. We ended the Q2 with $422 million in cash and investments, excluding $47 million remaining in an escrow account reserved for interest payments through October, 2012, on the 4.75% convertible senior notes. So far our cash use this year has been $76 million. This amount excludes $183 million received by collaborators for milestones in upfront payments, and $159 million used to redeem the remaining 3.5% convertible senior and subordinated notes. Given our cash use to date we are adjusting our gross cash use guidance for the year from the previous range of $165 million to $175 million, to a range of $160 million to $165 million. As always this cash use guidance excludes actual or potential future milestones received from partners. In terms of milestones, we recorded $33 million from our Lily and Pfizer collaborations in the Q2. Our milestones are recorded as revenue in full in the quarter in which they are earned, and therefore they had a significantly favorable impact on our Q2 results.  In terms of our operating expenses, our year-to-date R&D and SG&A expenses were $60 million and $13 million respectively. As we stated in the past we expect variability in our spending in these areas and we’re changing our 2010 guidance to reflect the expense amounts to date. For R&D expense we now expect that to range from $135 million to $142 million, which is a reduction from the previous range of $138 million to $145 million. For SG&A we now expect that to range from $35 million to $40 million, a reduction from the previous range of $40 million to $45 million. Importantly, despite these expense guidance reductions we remain on track in our key clinical development programs and with our commercial preparation for the launch of 424 in myelofibrosis.  In terms of our election of the co-development option for RA, we were pleased to see that the development budget we agreed to before deciding to opt in was largely consistent with the amount discussed when we entered into this collaboration. As we noted when we announced our partnership with Lily, we expect the funds received from this collaboration will be sufficient to offset the development costs we will incur as a result of opting in for the RA indication.  As a reminder we have also retained certain mechanisms to give us cost protection as 050 advances in clinical development. For instance, we can defer our portion of co-development’s study cost by indication if they exceed a predetermined level. This deferment would be credited against future milestones or royalties and Incyte would still be eligible for the full incremental royalties related to the co-development option. In addition, even if we have started co-development funding for any indication we can, at any time, opt out for that indication and stop future co-development costs share. If we elect to do this we would still be eligible for our base royalties plus an incremental prorated royalty commensurate with our contribution level of co-development costs for these indications for which we co-funded. Finally, it’s important to note that we ended the Q2 in a strong financial position, and based on our current plans we have enough cash to carry us through the potential launch of 424 in myelofibrosis and beyond. And so with that I’ll turn the call back to Paul.
David Hastings: Yeah, again similar – we can’t discuss costs but what I would say is again the budget we reviewed recently was largely in line with what we saw during the negotiation and there’s nothing unusual in the study design that would make it either more expensive or less expensive than any of your traditional phase II-B studies.Rachel McMinn – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
David Hastings: Yeah, we can’t give guidance in terms of the amounts but I would say though, a couple things: one, we were really pleased with the amounts of the milestones available under the contract and they’re very traditional, Eric, in terms of when you would get those. And you know, they’re usually at initiation of studies.Eric Schmidt – Cowen and Company: Thanks a lot.
Paul Friedman: Okay, thanks, Dave. With that I think Operator, if you could please open the call for questions I think that would be the next obvious thing to do here. 
Paul Friedman: Well, so I’ll give you some top line stuff. I don’t want to get too granular because I think we definitely want to make that presentation at ACR. We think it’s going to be pretty well received. As we see across the board improvements in the scores when you go from 12 to 24 weeks – actually fairly impressive changes which mimic what was seen with Pfizer compound. We may actually be seeing a little bit more but these are, in the comparable studies, neither study is so large that you could say that it’s any different. It just may be that that’s the time course here for these smoldering joints to quiet down. But that definitely happens – it gets better. From a safety standpoint I would say there’s nothing, Rich may want to add to this, but there’s nothing of note beyond what we saw at 12 weeks.
Paul Friedman: We are at this point planning on a single study, single global study for what would end up being an SNDA NDA submission. I mean that could change at the last minute, but again, unless there are some fairly radical alterations in feedback or from our partner that is the plan, to do the single global study.Rachel McMinn – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, that’s very helpful. And then for 050, do you have a sense of the breadth of the phase II-B studies that you’re going to be conducting? I guess in terms of the different potential populations you could go into within RA. And then can you also talk about perhaps the cost of the phase II program all-in? I think you had mentioned that they’re similar to your expectations; I’m not sure if you’ve mentioned specifically what that is.
Paul Friedman: Based on the initial set of discussions that we had with them for ET.Ryan Tochihara – Oppenheimer & Co.: Great, thank you so much. 
Paul Friedman: The data that we’ve seen on Pfizer’s compound continues to, we think, look quite good. I mean they have, they have the specter of JAK3 which we think is not an attribute that they have to deal with, and whether or not that’s raised its potentially ugly head in any way I don’t know. Certainly nothing that’s been presented would say that at this point, with this relatively modest number of patients who have been treated for relatively modest lengths of time, there has not been like, you know, any evidence that you’re seeing a lot of opportunistic infections, for example. They do have a liver signal, it seems sporadic. We haven’t seen it at all and it makes, it is conceivable that that bothers them and they want a structurally different compound as a backup. They also have a long history of wanting different entities, different molecules for different sets of indications. And that could well be what compelled them to take an interest in the Ligand program but we really don’t know. 
Paul Friedman: Well I think we’re also considering a call, right, to allow you and us to get slightly more granular than what would be in the press release, but not obviously so granular that we would not be able to present at ASCO. Eric Schmidt – Cowen and Company: Okay.
Paul Friedman: Yeah, so that’s a complicated question, and you know, obviously I can’t definitively answer it. We’ve had again many internal discussions and many discussions with Lily about what the other indications in inflammation are that make sense, and when you would pursue them. And for example, I would just, I’ll just throw out some examples – things like juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, it’s pretty obvious; it’s an extension, actually it would be almost the pediatric part of an RA program. If you were looking at other indications where there’s proof of concept and where the prevalence, patient prevalence is interesting you would certainly be partial to ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis indications that are lumped in into the seronegative spondyloarthropathy category.  There are some other in there like reactive arthritis but those prevalences are significantly lower. But psoriatic arthritis indications and ankylosing spondylitis together, the prevalence is something like 35% of the prevalence of rheumatoid arthritis. And the biologics work there. And there is every reason to believe, in fact I would be incredibly surprised if this mechanism will not work there. So you could for example be doing pivotal trials almost in parallel with your phase III’s for RA, maybe staggered slightly. So that’s kind of low-hanging fruit and I think to me, pretty obvious. Now, can I guarantee at the end of the day since it’s Lily’s ultimate decision where they go with this, that we’ll go there? No, but to me it’s pretty logical. And it’s beyond that that it gets a little more esoteric and you have to think a little harder about where to go from there. And I think I don’t have anything else to say on that but Rich, you might.
Paul Friedman: Okay. Thanks for your attention and the questions. We think that we’re in a very good place right now and we just need to also have the luck that you always need when you’re doing this drug discovery and development. But I think it was the Green Bay Packer coach, what did he say? “The harder you work, the luckier you get,” right, Vince Lombardi.  So that’s what we’re doing and we look forward to being able to present what I think is going to be a very exciting presentation at the Rheumatology meetings on the full six-month study in RA. I’m anticipating that the results from COMFORT I and COMFORT II are going to be positive, the safety profile is not going to be any different than what we described to you with 251 – the 251 patients have been on drug a long time; and that we’ll be filing, get an exit study review and towards the end of next year we will be selling for our first indication with a drug that I think pretty profoundly affects a very sick population. So we’re very excited and we look forward to keeping you informed of our progress. Thanks again for listening to us today.
Richard Levy: Yeah, I have nothing to add to that. That’s correct.Tom Russo – Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just one more and then I’ll hop out. Just switching over to 424 MTV, the regulatory discussions, can you…? You mentioned progress with FDA – are you willing to comment on whether there’s any change in your expectations for what design of the phase III trial might look like? And then also maybe whether there have been discussions yet over in Europe or is it still, you know, awaiting sort of agreement from FDA? And lastly are you still looking for an SPA there? Thanks.
Richard Levy: Yeah. Basically there would have to be a sudden change for things not to go well. They’re going really well there. And with respect to the other part of the question about Europe, I mean Novartis is going to be part of this study, it’s a global study and they’ve satisfied their needs from a European perspective so that there is no need to wait longer to get European regulatory buy-in to this study.Tom Russo – Robert W. Baird: Okay, thanks very much.
Richard Levy: No, I’m saying that everything is done in Europe with respect to the level of regulatory buy-in that Novartis needs.Rachel McMinn – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Richard Levy: So first we won’t have the data for sure till after even the late breaker abstracts are due. So then you know, you take the option of putting a placeholder late breaker abstract, which is no guarantee that you would get, and then that still could see you into a position of if anything potentially were to require more time to go through quality assurance or whatever then you may not make it. So we’re now pretty much decided that we’re taking the approach that when the data comes out we will issue a press release, let everybody know the top line results and do a formal scientific presentation at ASCO.Eric Schmidt – Cowen and Company: And do you think that, that’s obviously an important press release for the company. Do you think you’ll be able to provide us with sufficient detail in that release and what kind of end points might we be looking at in the press release prior to ASCO?*
Richard Levy: Only that you also asked when we might start and the current plan is that phase II’s in other indications would start sometime next year, not this year.
