Hervé Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike, and good morning. So, moving to slide five, let me start with a reminder that Incyte has a very unique profile within the biopharmaceutical industry. As we have a fast-growing top line, we have been cash flow positive for each of the last four quarter, and we have the potential for second – (02:39) impact on source of revenue should baricitinib be approved in 2017. So, we have a very strong start to 2016. Financially, Jakafi sales growth continued increasing by 59% year-over-year, and we are raising Jakafi net product revenue guidance for 2016. The big potential of the Jakafi brand may also be increased should we be able to successfully develop Jakafi for GVHD. The latest output from our discovery and development teams was presented at ACR, positioning Incyte for future success. We now have a portfolio of 14 clinical candidates. We have just dosed the first patient in our LSD1 program, and we expect the clinical trial for our GITR program to begin in the next few weeks. Our latest stage portfolio is also progressing well, and we expect to launch two pivotal programs in the coming months, ECHO-301, the Phase 3 trial studying epacadostat in combination with Merck's pembrolizumab in first line melanoma patients will begin shortly. And in the second half of 2016, we look forward to initiating a registration program for ruxolitinib for the treatment of GVHD. So moving to slide six, with this perspective in mind, we were pleased to announce this morning an agreement to acquire ARIAD's European business. As you know, Incyte has a diversified portfolio of exciting development project which represents one of the largest dermatology oncology pipelines in the industry. We also have a fully-integrated U.S. business that is very successful as evidenced by the continuous strong growth in Jakafi. Our strategy is to do the same in Europe, and we face the technical choice of whether to build the European business or to buy one as we seek to maximize the chances of launch success of our products in Europe. Last year, we established our European headquarter in Switzerland, which is now home to a growing European clinical development team. And upon closing of the ARIAD transaction which we expect to occur on June 1, Incyte will immediately have a fully-integrated European operation of 125 FTEs with medical and commercial teams in place across the continent. The addition of the ARIAD team in Europe will not only accelerate the establishment of Incyte in Europe, it will do so in a manner that is financially efficient because revenue generated by sales of Iclusig will offset our European operating cost. If other compounds from our portfolio are approved in Europe, the ability to leverage our fully-integrated European operation should allow us to maximize the chances of European launch success narrowing our operations in the U.S. So, slide seven is summarizing the Iclusig profile. Iclusig is approved in Europe for the treatment of patient with CML and Philadelphia-positive ALL that are resistant or intolerant to dasatinib or nilotinib, Sprycel and Tasigna. Iclusig is also approved for all patients with 315i mutation, and activity against the 315i mutation is important and is very unique to Iclusig among all these BCR-ABL inhibitors. Moving to next slide, slide eight. Some of the financial components of the transaction, so upon closing which now is planned at the end of the month, Incyte with pay $140 million cash upfront to ARIAD and will pay additional considerations through tiered double-digit royalty on Incyte sales of Iclusig in Europe. We also expect to make two development cost-sharing payment to ARIAD of $7 million, one in 2016 and one in 2017. Additional potential milestone payment may also become due but only if additional indication for Iclusig are approved in Europe. We forecast that the acquisition of ARIAD's European operation will be earnings accretive to Incyte beginning in 2018. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Barry for an update on our Jakafi franchise.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yes, I'll take these two. Starting with the milestones, the way all the milestones that we have are attached to new indications, some of them are related to the second-line potential indication based on the study versus the nilotinib. And some of them are attached to potential indications that could be in oncology or outside of oncology. So, it's a very broad field, obviously we don't know yet if there is there is or will be any effort in any of these indications. So, that's where the – except for the second-line Tasigna that we discussed. I don't think we will be disclosing exactly the details by indication, so that gives you the perspective, which for us, is basically that we have a base case based on the current indication that works for us, and we see everything else coming in addition to that as a upside from that base case. In terms of the size of the infrastructure in Europe, which was your first question, we are very comfortable with where it is. It's well spread across a number of countries where we want to be able to actively develop our products, and that will be the core of the launch program for our new products in Europe and it's as usual Italy, Spain, France, Germany and UK. So, it gives us the right footprint that we would have created by ourselves if we didn't do this transaction.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yeah. Thanks, Michael. You're right. I mean it's something we don't sort of predict because, as you know, every BD&L is always an adventure on the anniversary of the result, but it has been the case that when we were looking at opportunities in the past, just having a footprint in the U.S. only was in fact a problem for the partners who were looking for somebody to commercialize their product on a broader basis. So, it was a little bit of a catch-22 where you don't have the team, you don't get the product. And if you don't have the product, you don't have the team. So, what we have now is a very efficient way to have a high-quality group of people, an interesting product that is growing and obviously, it will open new opportunities. And as we have always said, I mean we look at different options and if something seems to make sense from the strategic and financial standpoint, we will do it. But we don't need to do it, I mean, the way we are now deployed in Europe and the U.S., we have teams that obviously in the U.S. generating a lot of income from Jakafi. And in Europe, we'll have a team with a growing top line and interesting product and covering most of the cost from that Iclusig business. If we can have something else, it would be in addition to some upside on that scenario. But the best scenario now is very good and I think will help us maximize our launches when they come.
Hervé Hoppenot: And maybe just to complement that in terms of how does it fit with the rest of the portfolio, we don't see – there is no overlap. I mean, these two studies are already ongoing, and it's not going to compete with the rest of the portfolio. It's a project that would be managed in a totally separate manner than the rest.
Hervé Hoppenot: Maybe on the first one, no, it has absolutely no impact. I'm sorry, I was – it has absolutely no impact on rethinking the IDO indication between hematology and oncology. I mean these are completely separate. I think there is – obviously, a lot of our pipeline that is in hematology, there are a number of solid tumor indication where we are looking at it. And Iclusig is not changing any of the balance between oncology and hematology in our pipeline. And maybe, yeah, if you can speak about the GVHD development.
Hervé Hoppenot: So, let me take that one on the second-line indication. The way our deal is constructed in fact makes it such that it works with and without the second-line indication. It works differently with the current indications that we have. And Iclusig is growing relatively fast in Europe, it's still in the launch – prelaunch mode in many of the countries as it is being reimbursed. And assuming there is no second-line indication, it will give us enough resources to cover the costs of the infrastructure. If we get the second-line indication, it's going to trigger our milestone payments as we have discussed and it's going to obviously increase the potential top line and it would be an upside to the base case, but both base case and the upsize case reaching our strategic objective which is to get the team in Europe to be self-funded in some way.
Hervé Hoppenot: Okay. Thank you. I'll take the buyback. I mean obviously, you can – you'll realize, and I think it's very rational that it was very important to ARIAD because in their overall strategic approach to the company which is basically we group resources in the U.S. territory. It makes sense to have this transaction about the European business done because it will reduce their spending and it just happened and it's also a very good deal from our side for all the reasons that we have discussed. So, I think it's a case of complementarity. And then, came this issue of what if somebody is willing to acquire ARIAD, so it's based on the charge of control of ARIAD, and is interested in the European business. So, we came up with this buyback option that is part of our agreement and the buyback option is obviously responding to their needs and is built in such a way where there is timing, so it can happen basically between three year and six year of that (44:45) signature of the deal. So, it gives us a certain amount of time to get prepare for that in case it were to happen, and it's based on financial terms that have been discussed, where there would be all the milestones that have been paid plus additional milestone based on the past 12 months of sales plus forward royalties of 20% to 25%. So, in some way, it was sort of meeting everybody's needs where there is a delay of a number of years, it's still allowing a potential buyer of ARIAD to have access to Iclusig, and it's giving us financial condition that would be certainly somewhat favorable. So, that's how it was built, and I think it's meeting everybody's needs in this transaction.
Hervé Hoppenot: I think, I mean you have to do – to put it from our needs standpoint. I mean we have already a very large portfolio of projects in our pipeline. I think we have a strong discovery team for small molecule. It has been very productive over a number of years. So, our discussions were very much about what we need and we don't have, which is an organized European platform with infrastructure with medical team across the different countries, commercial team, and market access. I think it just happened that it was strategically something that ARIAD was interested in discussing for the reason I was explaining. And I think for the reason they have also communicated this morning that they are trying to concentrate their resources into U.S. to be ready to not only grow Iclusig, but also some of the pipeline products that may be coming soon. And that's where the discussion was centered, in fact. So, I see it as a deal that has a lot of win-win qualities for both organization and where we get really what we were looking for, which is related to our European infrastructure and being able to maximize our products there.
Hervé Hoppenot: So, I can speak with the territories that we have organized this transaction around. So, it's approved at the European Union level, so that's where the technical approval is taking place. And then, there is a reimbursement that is done country by country. So, in term of the European Union, the reimbursement is obtained now in some of the large counties like Germany, but it still work – and Italy, which is obviously a very fast-growing country for Iclusig. But it's still not fully obtained, as you know, in France, there is a situation where you can have an ETU, you can basically sell the product before it is fully reimbursed but there is a clawback that is taking place at the time of reimbursement, and it's anticipating – anticipated to be happening relatively soon. And some of the other countries are still in the process of getting reimbursement, inside the EU. And then, in our agreement, there are countries outside of the European Union, like Russia is one of them, where we will have to find a partner which is probably what we will be doing to go through the entire process of approval and reimbursement.
Hervé Hoppenot: So, maybe I can take some of that. So, in Germany, the price went through the entire review and is a price study approved by the government. In the UK, most of the usage is funded through the cancer fund. So, it's not a nice reviewed kind of situation, it's a cancer fund. Remember, it's a relatively rare form of CML because the product is approved for two groups of patients, the one who are resistant or refractory or intolerant to nilotinib or Sprycel, and a group of patients with 315i mutation. And the 315i mutation is relatively rare in the first-line setting, but the incidents of 315i mutation is increasing with the lines of treatments that you are receiving. So, it becomes more and more frequent on the smaller number of patients, as patients are going from first-line to second-line to third-line. So, in the UK, it's going through the cancer fund. In Germany, it went through the entire process. It's ongoing in France. And we are anticipating – or ARIAD is anticipating the resolution of the negotiation in France. It's already approved and reimbursed in Italy, and the other countries are still in the reimbursement process now.
Hervé Hoppenot: Okay, Yes, thank you. Thank you all for your time today and for your questions. I think it's a day today where we're sure that we have made three bigger steps for a while. I mean, one is obviously the growth of Jakafi in the U.S. because it's important to see that now we are a year after the launch in PV, and we are still growing very dynamically with both in PV and in MF. I mean, we spoke about second big step which is a progress of our pipeline, we are planning to initiate two pivotal study soon or over the next few months with epacadostat in first-line melanoma and with ruxolitinib in GVHD, and I think it's really important. And as you see, the third big step was now establishing Incyte firmly as a transaction-fee company with an organization in Europe. And as I said at the beginning, our goal with that organization is really to narrow the powerful and successful organization that we have in the U.S. with established now five years or six years ago, and be able to make sure that we maximize our launches when our products are maturing, and also grow Iclusig that has a lot of potential to grow as it's still in a phase of the launch that is relatively early. So, I think, it was a very exciting few weeks and months for us in the beginning of the year, and I'm looking forward to sharing our progress with you later this year or with Q2 call by midyear. Thank you.
Barry P. Flannelly: Thank you, Hervé, and good morning, everyone. We continue to see strong growth in Jakafi sales in the first quarter. Net product revenue for the quarter was $183 million, an increase of 59% over the first of 2015. As a result of this performance and a strong underlying demand for Jakafi, we are increasing our full-year net Jakafi product revenue guidance for 2016 from $800 million to $815 million to a new range of $815 million to $830 million. Slide 11 shows the sales bridge for Jakafi in Q1 versus Q4 last year. Volume growth in Q1 was robust at 7% over Q4 2015, but this was offset by the typical increase in gross to net in the first quarter of each year. This is mostly driven by the 50% discount we make to the coverage gap also called the donut hole for Medicare Part D patients. As patients move out of the donut hole, the gross to net stabilizes for the remainder of the year. Jakafi's standard of care for the treatment of intermediate and high-risk myelofibrosis patients in the U.S. and the beneficial effect for patients is highlighted by the five-year survival data published at ASH last year from the COMFORT-II pivotal trial. Five-year data from the COMFORT-I trial is going to be presented at ASCO in June. The launch in PV is going well as evidenced by the strong flow of new patients beginning treatment with Jakafi. The 80-week analysis of the RESPONSE trial recently published in Haematologica demonstrated that patients had durable control of hematocrit and spleen volume, and which is now included in the Jakafi label. As we have said previously, we are confident in reaching our long-term Jakafi sales target of $1.5 billion in MF and PV alone. Patients who experience graft versus host disease represent a significant unmet medical need in the U.S. And if ruxolitinib is successful developed and approved by the FDA, it can provide us with a new indication for Jakafi and provide yet further growth to the brand. With that, I'd like to pass the call over to Steven for a brief clinical update.
Barry P. Flannelly: And your question about Jakafi guidance is – it's driven both by MF and PV. In fact, we continue to add new patients in both PV and MF, and the other part of it is many of these patients are staying on drug for a long period of time. So, that's where our guidance comes from.
Barry P. Flannelly: Well, this is Barry. And maybe I'll hand it over to Steven for more information. But in terms of the opportunity, there's 21,000 stem cell transplants in the United States alone, about half of those are autologous, another half are allogeneic. If the allogeneic patients that end up having the GVHD, fewer patients have acute GVHD, and then more patients have chronic GVHD. And the way it generally breaks down is that then those patients who have acute GVHD might have a shorter duration of therapy and chronic GVHD might have a longer duration of therapy. We think it's an exciting opportunity, and we hope to help a lot more patients with GVHD as we hopefully successfully develop this drug. And I'll hand it over to Steven to answer the question about Phase 3 development.
Barry P. Flannelly: So, it's Barry. Obviously, we took price increase on April 1, and we don't really discuss our pricing strategy going forward after that.
Barry P. Flannelly: No, the slides are referring to millions of dollars, so it's $13 million one way, $12 million the other way.
Steven H. Stein: Thanks, Barry. As you have already heard, our overall portfolio continues to progress well including the first patient dosed in our LSD1 inhibitor program. In my remarks today, however, I will focus on our two new pivotal programs: ruxolitinib in graft versus host disease, GVHD; and epacadostat in first-line melanoma. There is a clear unmet medical need for patients with graft versus host disease, long-term survival rates in patients with corticosteroid-refractory GVHD of between 5% and 30%. Our multicenter survey published in Leukemia last year and anchored at the American Society of Hematology showed that treatment with ruxolitinib generated a greater than 80% response in patients with GVHD. And of those responders, relapse rate was less than 10%. We believe these are impressive results, and we look forward to the initiation of our pivotal program of ruxolitinib in GVHD patients later this year. Slide 15 summarizes some key trials within the epacadostat clinical development in hematology and oncology development program, which continues to progress well/ The ECHO program: we expect about 600 patients to be enrolled into the Phase 2 expansion cohorts by the end of the year. And we expect data to become available from some of these cohorts in the second half of 2016. ECHO-301, the Phase 3 trial of epacadostat in combination of pembrolizumab for the first-line treatments of patients with advanced or metastatic melanoma is expected to begin enrolling in the coming weeks. The clinical trials (11:45) record is now available to view. The trial will have co-primary endpoints of progression-free survival and overall survival, and is planned to enroll 600 patients, randomize one to one into two cohorts of pembrolizumab plus-minus epacadostat. We anticipate initial data from ECHO-301 in 2018. I will finish my segment with a portfolio slide, which illustrates Incyte's balanced and diverse portfolio of small and large molecules across various development stages. The quality of our drug discovery work was demonstrated at the AACR meeting last month where Incyte candidates were featured in 10 abstracts in both mono and combination therapy settings. With that, I'll pass the call to Dave for the financials.
Steven H. Stein: Salveen, thanks. It's Steven. So, as you know, we presented at SITC and SMR in the fourth quarter of 2015 on the initial data sets which we now have additional scans in those patients, which has reinforced our confidence in epacadostat-pembrolizumab combination in first-line melanoma and our decision to initiate the Phase 3 program. However, there is not enough new data to justify a presentation at this time. So, I think it's the meat of you question, if you look across the four PD, PD-L1 combinations, as we said on the call, we'll enroll about 600 patients across 13 tumor types, so it's too early to say what tumor types will have available data win, but we will be getting data over the course of the year, and that's is the most I can say about it at this point in time.
Steven H. Stein: Yeah. Thanks, Barry. And then, just in terms of the question, one of our slides in the presentation alluded to incidents in the U.S. of new patients of 7,000, about half acute, half chronic. And then in terms of prevalence, about 10,000 patients with chronic GVHD. In terms of development plans, obviously as Hervé said, we have an ongoing study with our JAK1 inhibitor 39110 which is in Phase 1 safety tolerability at the moment in GVHD. And now with the acquisition of the ruxolitinib rights and already having achieved, if you will, a proof-of-concept with the external data, we're developing registration plans. The ruxolitinib proof-of-concept data is in steroid refractory, acute on chronic graft versus host disease. So, that's the likely area of development there. And then, we will discuss our own 39110 development plans because there are other entities to consider. There is still first-line acute GVHD, and there's still potential for prophylaxis in this setting. So, those are the areas we're considering at the moment.
Steven H. Stein: Yeah. It's Steven answering you, Morgan. In terms of Iclusig, as Hervé said, there is ongoing work to do in the actual indication within chronic myeloid leukemia. There is a reasonable amount of safety evidence that dose ranging work may alleviate some of the toxicity as regards arterial occlusive disease. So, executing that study will be very important across three dose ranges. And then, there is ongoing effort, as Hervé always said as well, in second-line chronic myeloid leukemia head-to-head against nilotinib. In terms of further development, it's a relatively promiscuous agent in terms of different kinases that it does hit, and what's now the setup of a joint development committee with areas, we'll have to discuss those opportunities going forward, whether they're areas of interest to explore or not. But it's really too early to say more about that at the moment.
Steven H. Stein: Sure. It's Steven again. Thanks, Hervé. So, just to reiterate and maybe go a bit slower, in terms of graft versus host disease, there are at least four entities. There is steroid refractories. Steroids, particularly prednisone, is first-line treatment. But if you get steroid-refractory acute graft versus host disease and after about 100 days of this devastating medical condition, you can get what's called chronic graft versus host disease which is also steroid refractory. So, those are two separate entities. And then, there is also first-line acute graft versus host disease when patients are treated for the first time before they become refractory to steroids. And then, there is a fourth potential entity where you can actually think about prophylaxing for the condition in people post allogeneic bone marrow transplant who had high risk to develop graft versus host disease. So, all four of those are being considered. What I said in my earlier comments with ruxolitinib that the data published last year in Leukemia and presented at ASH, they have presented, if you will, proof-of-concept data for ruxolitinib in both of the first two entities, steroid-refractory acute and steroid-refractory chronic graft versus host disease. So, those are the likely areas of the development for ruxolitinib. And then for 39110, we would be considering the other entities. And that's where we are at the moment. And I hope that answers your question.
Steven H. Stein: Yeah, it's Steven. So, you're right in that we are leading to the second half and we can't comment on what will be at ESMO until the abstracts are released, but that is the second half of the year is where we're targeting presenting more data.
Steven H. Stein: Eric, Yeah, it's Steven. Thanks for your questions. So, again, 600 patients, 13 histologies, we'll have data availability across the second half of this year, and lung is one of those histologies where we will be looking closely and making decisions based on data. I – in terms of your question where we need to see first-line data to make decisions, to be honest here, it would be helpful. But I don't think we have enough historical controls and enough date already across many, many agents that I think we have to be able to make rational comparisons using things like response rate, so it's not an absolute.
Steven H. Stein: Hey, Ren, it's Steven. The ECHO-301, as you – the Phase 3 in first-line melanoma does have co-primary end points of progression-free survival and overall survival, and it doesn't have to be both. We could fall with a benefit in either. So, that's why we estimate data availability in 2018, and obviously that's based on the PFS endpoint.
Steven H. Stein: Yeah. Hi, Andrew. It's Steven. So, just to be clear, so we – the ECHO-301 PFS data will be most likely 2018. Later this year, as I said earlier, we hope to be able to update our Phase 1 data that we presented at SITC and SMR last year. We'll have enough additional scan data to update that. In terms of the benchmarks, obviously, there is regulatory and then there is the clinical benchmark and you alluded to the latter. From a regulatory point of view, we will have to beat the labeled pembrolizumab monotherapy PFS of around six months, but the de novo of AP (59:23) clinical benchmark in the same setting is around 11.5 months, So, those are the sort of numbers we're thinking off. And then, there is a bunch of new answers around PD-L1 positivity, et cetera, which can come in. You just have to be really careful that you compare in an apple-to-apple in terms of the data sets and the staining that you're using. But we think about it mostly in terms of those two numbers I just alluded to.
Steven H. Stein: No. You are correct. We will have updates on the scans available to us in appreciable amounts sometime in the second half of this year and we hope to be able to present it to you, that is our intent.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, good morning, guys. This is Carter on for Geoff. Thanks for taking our questions. I've got one on strategy. I appreciate the cost efficiency on today's deal and sort of the optionality it gives you in terms of involving EU sites and maximizing the launches. Was there any sense given to how this maybe changes prioritization of certain indications and thinking specifically on IDO? And then, on the GVHD opportunity, could you speak about the strategy of moving forward to both the 110 and ruxolitinib, given your motivations and – on the economics and the partnership with Novartis? Thank you.
Unknown Speaker: Just a quick follow-up. Does the Novartis deal preclude from moving forward with 110 in those earlier settings? Thank you.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, this is Nathan for Ian. Thanks for taking the question. So, starting off with the ARIAD deal, how should we think about the buyback contingency plan within the deal? And then, could you comment on any tax implications of the deal and whether you may be able to see any tax advantages from an EU operations perspective? And then, I have a question on the pipeline.
Unknown Speaker: Great. And then, on the pipeline, can you help us understand, how your early-stage oncology portfolio fits together and how you plan to develop these drugs, and what data you have generated so far that could help direct development of combinations within the pipeline? Thank you.
