Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. So we had a very productive year at Incyte in 2016 with total revenue growing at 47% year-on-year and during which we expanded our geographic footprint to include Europe and further advanced our clinical portfolio. We also added to our early-stage program in a meaningful way. To start, I'd like to begin our discussion today by talking about the DNA of Incyte, which is innovation. We believe that innovation and the discovery of new products is where value is created in our industry and Jakafi's growth enables Incyte to make significant investments in our R&D portfolio. In fact, more than 60% of 2016 Jakafi product revenue was reinvested into R&D during last year. We are in a strong position to drive our broad portfolios through the clinic and beyond and just yesterday, we announced with Lilly that baricitinib has been approved in Europe for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Baricitinib would be marketed as Olumiant and royalties from Olumiant has the potential to be a significant future revenue driver for Incyte. This next slide shows the evolution of our full year annual revenue since 2012. As you can see, we have had impressive growth since the launch of Jakafi both in the U.S. and ex-U.S. with Novartis and we're pleased to announce today that for the first time ever, total annual revenue recorded by Incyte has surpassed $1 billion. Next, I'll talk about how we are reinvesting these resources in an effort to sustain and accelerate our future growth. As you can see on slide 7, we now have seven late-stage programs. Baricitinib and capmatinib are partnered globally with Lilly and Novartis, respectively, and we intend to maintain our current rights for the other five candidates in major market. Steven will provide update on the details of our late-stage plans showing that having this depth of late-stage candidates places us in a very good position for future growth. Within the early-stage portfolio, we have added our new clinical candidate, INCB62079, which is a selective FGFR4 inhibitor. Last month, we added the first-in-class oral arginase inhibitor, INCB01158, to our portfolio through an alliance agreement with Calithera and in December, we further enhanced our discovery effort through a long-term collaboration with Merus. I'll discuss this collaboration further in the next slide. I'd begin with our Calithera collaboration. We believe that arginase is an important target within the tumor microenvironment and could have a role in combination with other immuno-oncology therapies, including epacadostat. We are excited to have secured global rights to a first-in-class molecule, which is already in the clinic. INCB01158 has shown an attractive preclinical profile, including potencies, selectivity or bioavailability and in vivo efficacy and safety. It's currently being studied in a monotherapy dose escalation trial and combination trials are planned. Concerning Merus, our strategic collaboration with Merus is expected to provide us long-term access to their Biclonics Technology for up to 11 programs. We believe Biclonics is the leading bispecific technology for four main reasons. It uses fully human antibodies, it uses a native IgG format, it allows for the functional screening of potential candidates and manufacturing of Biclonics is expected to be relatively simple. We have just had the initial – the first Scientific Kickoff Meeting and we very much look forward to working with the Merus team in the coming years. I'll now pass the call to Barry for the update on Jakafi.
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Like Steven said, I mean the work today, most of the work today that is ongoing is related to the design of the study and the way we're going to organize the teams to manage the studies at the same time in parallel, we are discussing with Merck on the term and the economics. I mean the basic assumption is that, we have drugs that will be provided by each of the company to contribute to the study. Then one of the company would be leading the execution of the study for some of them, there would be cost sharing for all of them. We don't know yet exactly how that would be done for the pembro program and we have no further information of discussion related to exclusivity. So that's really where we're and it's ongoing, and we expect that to be running in parallel with the clinical work and sort of coming to conclusion over the next few weeks as a target.
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Hervé here. I can start. And maybe in terms of capital, we are really managing the P&L in a way where we are careful that we are allocating resources to the program that we believe are the most promising. So, that's the first discipline and it's really applied to every program that we have. You can see from the numbers, that we are cash flow-positive. We have a cash position at the end of Q4 that was around $800 million. So, we are in a position where we can do in parallel epacadostat Phase 3 and as we discussed, some of this Phase 3 will be, could be co-funded by some of the partners we're working with and at the same time, the baricitinib opt-in, which is financially relatively significant, but we believe is an excellent, excellent investment for the corporation. The rest of the portfolio assuming some of these products are going to move forward into later stage and Phase 3 studies would be at this stage that from the capital standpoint we can afford that. From the personnel standpoint, obviously the baricitinib programs are – we are not dedicating any head count to this program, they are all conducted by Lilly. As we discussed with epacadostat, some of these programs hopefully will be done with a partner involved, which could also help from that standpoint. And for the rest, we have become over the past few years, a company that is attracting some of the top talent in the industry. We are increasing our capabilities in clinical research across Europe, thanks to the acquisition of the ARIAD Europe team. We have a medical team in place on top of the existing medical team we were building in Geneva over the past few years. And in the U.S., we have a team now that is fully fledged and is really operating at capacity. There is no (44:46) situation yet as we are growing in parallel with the portfolio. Obviously in Japan, we've not yet established our own team there. It's something that I would like to do over the next few months in a progressive way, nothing crazy. But where we will have the opportunity to do our own clinical development, regulatory pharmacogenomic (45:10) activities in Japan and that from the financial standpoint will be, in fact, cost saving versus using CROs. So, it's something that we'll be sort of replacing internal capabilities versus external CROs. So, overall, we are managing the cash flow, that's really important. And we are looking at how to grow the teams as we need through the portfolio evolving and frankly the past two years have shown that it can be done in parallel in a way that's pretty effective. So, that's where we are. It was a long answer, but it's a very important subject for me.
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Okay. No, I think as we said, I mean the sequence of available data is different for each of the partners. So, if you assume that the availability of data is raising their excitement about the potential of the combination, it's also coming with time and depending on when the data is available. So, I would not characterize any of the interest as being different. It's true that with Genentech Roche, we started a little bit later with (50:01) programs. So that's the only thing I would say related to that. But there is certainly a lot of interest as you know in the target and in – certainly also in working with us for some of these programs. Regarding dermatology, I must say there is no strategic great vision about moving Incyte into dermatology as we have said multiple time, we are – the products are leading us in different therapeutic areas. It's not really us trying to drive them into one place or another. It's just happened that obviously with the JAK inhibition, we have a number of indication in dermatology. So, Lilly programs will be done independently by Lilly and we are not involved more than the co-funding that we discussed and the ability to receive royalties or milestone. On the topical side, we have decided now, it was a little bit more than a year ago, to go through the program, the Phase 2 program to establish the right dose and find where it works, where it doesn't work. There are number of indication now where we are doing some level of Phase 2 studies, and obviously we will see after that where we go with that, there is no decision that has been made yet.
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yes. So, capmatinib is licensed to – Hervé here, is licensed to Novartis. So it basically is a very traditional the kind of deed where there are milestones, which I don't think we have disclosed precisely and the royalties. And the royalties have been disclosed and they are 12% to 14% depending on the cumulative sets per year (53:08).
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Now, regarding the economics of baricitinib obviously for us, it's very important because – so there is a milestone, which we expect in fact and what we described today, we expect that to reach us this year. And then there are royalties in the 20% to 29% tranche that will be coming over the next 10-plus years. So, it's going to 2030 for the first patent expiration. So we look at it as a product that can become very significant for us over the years. We are very happy to see really moving into a number of new indications, where obviously and that's why we are also opting-in for these programs, because it will obviously grow the top line potential and therefore the royalty potential for this product over the years. In terms of calibration in each of these indications, frankly, we need to see the guidance from Lilly and I would not comment more than what they have said about the fact that it's a very promising and very important product for patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: So, the way we look at it is we look at the U.S. and that's what you're describing and then we look at the rest of the world and they are fairly different situations there. In fact the markets, if you think of it that way, for these type of products, are not very homogenous worldwide, so you have to take that into account. If you look at the profile of the product, what we think is that in the JAK1/JAK2 category, baricitinib is fairly unique, (59:21) different profile, including the JAK3. We also see in the U.S. that there is a (59:30) situation that is totally unique in the world and it has a huge impact on the way these patients are treated. So, all of that can lead to the right position for baricitinib. There will be fairly significant changes in this market over the next years with availability of different types of products on top of the existing ones. So I really think there is a huge opportunity. The clinical profile that came out of the Phase 3 studies was really better than expected from a lot of standpoint, and we are – I mean, I am personally very confident that there is lot of room to make it a big success.
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: But don't think that the U.S. picture is the same everywhere in the world. In fact you see very different types of who is the market leader by country, and the potential (60:24) U.S. on top of the U.S. potential is certainly important or so for baricitinib.
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Okay, Hervé here. So, I think, our priorities are our own internal discovery programs. So that's something that is a core of what we do at Incyte. So we are not in a mode of sort of changing that in a way that would be dilutive in any way. And we have protected the team very much in a way we have the partnership we did, where in technologies that we are different. So that was Agenus and Merus antibodies that where we didn't have the internal capabilities. And what we plan is to continue to rely on our internal discovery capabilities and just complement them in the technologies, where we're not present. Concerning Asia, frankly, when I look back at 2016 and we can see a number of things that were very successful, including the approval of baricitinib just yesterday, which is the second product from Incyte being approved after ruxolitinib. So it tells you something about our discovery capabilities. But when I look back, there is one thing that has been also very successful is the expansion in Europe through the acquisition of the ARIAD team and it was done in a very economically reasonable way for us. So we would love to have a similar situation in Asia. We have not found it yet. So what we're doing now is starting the planning again in a careful way, where we would be establishing a team in Japan to start with, to take care of the pipeline, the late-stage pipeline and make sure that we are putting that on a ramp to approval in Japan. If there were an opportunity to do it through a small transaction, I will not be against it, but we have not found that yet.
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: No. Thank you. Thank you for the time today and for your question. As I said, I look back at 2016 in a way – with a lot of pride, because we spoke about the geography, I think that baricitinib moving forward is an important milestone now our company that has discovered two new products and that have been approved by health authorities and it would just be the fact that we for the first time crossed the revenue line of $1 billion, is also symbolically an important milestone. So we look forward to seeing some of you at upcoming investor and medical conferences. And for now, I would thank you again for your participation in the call today. Thank you, bye, bye and Happy Valentine's Day.
Barry P. Flannelly: Thank you, Hervé, and good morning, everyone. Sales of Jakafi continue to perform well. On the left side of this slide, you see that Jakafi's revenue for the full year 2016 was $853 million, a 42% increase over the full year 2015. In the fourth quarter, net product revenue from Jakafi was $238 million, a 6% increase over Q3 and a 30% increase over the fourth quarter revenue of 2015. In the next slide, we'll provide more detail on the 30% growth we saw from Q4 2015 to Q4 2016. On slide 11, you can see that growth in Jakafi is substantially driven by patient demand. The bar graph on the left shows that the number of patients on Jakafi at the end of Q4 2016 grew 28% over Q4 2015. In comparison, revenue growth in the same period was 30%. The bar graph on the right shows how the 28% growth in total patients is split by total and new patients in each indication. Both indications are contributing to growth of the brand and PV growth is greater than MF growth. This is due to the significantly larger established patient base in myelofibrosis, and we expect polycythemia vera to be a major long-term driver of Jakafi growth, due to the larger potential patient population and the potential for longer duration of treatment. Next, I'd like to talk to you about Jakafi guidance for 2017 and in the longer-term. As we announced about a month ago, we expect long-term peak sales of Jakafi to reach $2 billion. This guidance includes revenue from myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera indications and the potential GVHD indication, but does not yet reflect estimates for the potential approval of Jakafi in essential thrombocythemia. Today, we announced that our 2017 Jakafi net product revenue guidance is a range of $1.02 billion to $1.07 billion. This reflects what we believe will be continued patient demand growth in both approved indications. With that, I'll pass the call to Steven for a clinical update.
Barry P. Flannelly: Well, most of it's based on volume growth. We don't really talk about price increases at all. Going forward, we might assume modest price increases. But, as you can see from the slides for 2016, we have nice uptake in total patients and new patients both for MF and PV.
Barry P. Flannelly: What we said is that it's longer. Getting an accurate reading on persistency for an oral drug over time is not that easy. But PV has been longer than MF, but even our MF patients, we have many of them that have been on for five years or more. But when you look at a 12-month cohort of patients, PV patients are longer than MF patients.
Barry P. Flannelly: Salveen, it's Barry. Just to clarify, I'll take the first part of your question and then I guess, Dave will take the next part of your question. First of all, it's 42% net sales growth full year 2016 over 2015. And then, what you're referring to as 28% is just new patient growth on Jakafi and it doesn't necessarily correlate directly with net product revenue because patients get fewer or greater number of bottles in a given quarter as they come on. And then you have the effect of inventory and burning off of inventory from one quarter to the next quarter.
Barry P. Flannelly: So, Tony, I think you asked the average dose in MF and PV. So, for the entire brand, the average dose is 10 milligrams, the average bottles that we shipped is 10 milligrams. It's about 60% of the bottles shipped. That's mostly because of PV. MF patients on average, it's more than 10 milligrams b.i.d., but for the brand it's 10 milligrams b.i.d.
Barry P. Flannelly: Hi, Peter, Barry. Just try to understanding your question, so inventory in Q1, our inventory has been relatively consistent between 2.8 weeks and 3 weeks of inventory. I don't see any change in Q1 for inventory, but of course we do know that the gross to net is impacted by our ability for all-oral oncology drugs because of closing the donut hole, but inventory is not going to affect that.
Steven H. Stein: Thank you, Barry, and good morning, everyone. We have a broad and deep portfolio, here at Incyte. We have multiple late-stage assets that are in or are expected to begin pivotal trials this year. I'll provide more details on slide 15, the next slide . The pivotal program of ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory graft versus host disease is underway and the pivotal programs that we expect to begin this year include those of ruxolitinib in essential thrombocythemia and itacitinib in treatment-naïve graft versus host disease. In addition to the ongoing Phase 3 trial of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab in Melanoma, we expect to begin pivotal trials of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab in non-small cell lung cancer, bladder cancer, renal cancer and head and neck cancer during 2017. We are also currently running three Phase 2 trials, that if successful, may be registration-enabling. The FGFR1/2/3 inhibitor, INCB54828 in patients with bladder cancer, cholangiocarcinoma and an 8p11 translocated myeloproliferative neoplasm. A fourth Phase 2 trial that may also be registration-enabling is with our PI3 kinase Delta inhibitor, INCB50465 in patients with diffuse large B cell lymphoma. This trial is expected to begin in the first half of 2017. In addition, we have two late-stage assets, the JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor, baricitinib, and the c-MET inhibitor, capmatinib, which are partnered with Eli Lilly and Novartis, respectively. Baricitinib is now approved in Europe and other global regulatory reviews for rheumatoid arthritis are ongoing. Lilly announced that it plans to begin a Phase 3 trial of baricitinib in patients with psoriatic arthritis during 2017. We have opted into co-development for this indication as well as for co-development of axial spondyloarthritis and atopic dermatitis, should Lilly also progress these indications into pivotal development. Novartis expects data from the trial of capmatinib in combination with EGFR inhibition in patients with non-small cell lung cancer to readout later in 2017, and also expects to submit an NDA to the FDA for capmatinib in non-small cell lung cancer in 2018. Next, I'd like to move to our epacadostat program. As we announced with Merck last month, we have decided to expand the combination of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab into four additional tumor types, and we expect to begin these pivotal programs during 2017. Of the nine total tumor types studied in ECHO-202, five are now in or being moved into pivotal development. We continue to collect data for the diffuse large B cell lymphoma, and microsatellite instability-high colorectal cancer cohorts, and have no current plans to move ahead with either ovarian cancer or triple-negative breast cancer. Slide 17 shows our current portfolio. Over the course of 2016, our portfolio has evolved significantly, and is now nicely balanced between early-stage versus late-stage assets. Since our call this time last year, we've added five new clinical candidates and have moved more than half of that existing portfolio into the next stage of development. We believe that our portfolio is unique and unparalleled for a company of our size and contains both first-in-class and best-in-class candidates. We intend to pursue development of our product candidates in both mono and combinatorial settings further enhancing the optionality of our opportunities. The agreements of Merus and Calithera are both additive to and potentially synergistic with our in-house discovery and development efforts. And the agreement we have reached with Agenus to restructure our collaboration gives Incyte control of the global development and commercialization of our two lead large molecule therapeutics. I'll now finish my section on our expected news flow. On slide 18, you can see the progress we expect to make in our portfolio over the next year. Much of this has already been communicated with our previous slides. So, I'd like to highlight just a few things. First, we are preparing to present first-in-man data for INCB54828, our FGFR1/2/3 inhibitor, during the first half of 2017, with the data from the BRD and PIM programs potentially later in the year. We plan to begin the new pivotal programs of epacadostat in non-small cell lung cancer, renal cancer, bladder cancer and head and neck cancer during 2017. And we also expect to initiate a proof-of-concept trial of topical ruxolitinib in patients with vitiligo. We expect 2017 to be a busy year at Incyte and we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. With that, I'll pass the call to Dave for the financials.
Steven H. Stein: Brian, hi. It's Steven Stein. Thank you for your question. I'll do the first part and Hervé will address your second part of your question. I can't give you any granular details. They're still being worked out. The data that enabled the decision has been submitted to a major meeting and the abstracts for that meeting will be released in middle of May and until then we bound by the rules, embargo rules related to that. But we do take into consideration in any histology all of the above that you mentioned; response, duration of response and the biomarker piece. Just to end on the lung one, because that's the one you highlighted, obviously that's an area that is moving quickly, both in the first-line, second-line setting, PD-L1-positive, PD-L1-negative and has numerous report-outs this year as well. So, it's an area, we'll be obviously paying very, very careful attention to, in terms of the study design and that will be shared with you on ClinicalTrials.gov when it goes live. In terms of the terms, I will let Hervé speak to it.
Steven H. Stein: Yes, hi, it's Steven Stein. Thanks for your questions, Ying. In terms of, you know we said 2017, because it's hard to give precision in terms of you know exactly when a first patient will be enrolled. The things that go into are, obviously, the standard stuff in terms of writing a protocol. But the real critical path is getting the regulatory meetings done and the regulatory feedback and get an agreement on the design and the endpoints. And I would say, in answer to your question at a high level, that's the critical piece. The plan though is very much to get, hopefully, every one of the Phase 3s started in 2017, but a lot will depend on the regulatory feedback. Your second question related to ruxolitinib in essential thrombocythemia, you know it's an indication we've been interested in obviously for a while, given that it is one of the myeloproliferative neoplasms. There is a Phase 2 dataset that was presented and published by Incyte in 2014 in 39 patients, looking at various aspects, but including endpoints in terms of control of platelet count, white blood cell count, and in a few patients that had splenomegaly, in fact four of them, three of them got resolution of that splenomegaly. So, we know we have activity in terms of the endpoints of interest. Only thing we've guided to is to start the study in 2017 and nothing further at this moment.
Steven H. Stein: So, Cory, I will start off and Reid may want to add something about the biology. But INCB39110, which is now called itacitinib, is, if you take rux as your reference for JAK1/JAK2 and use a 1:1 ratio there, then INCB39110, it's itacitinib now, is about 20-fold more selective for JAK1. So, there was always a feeling, at least theoretically, that because of its potential to be more sparing, in terms of cell counts, that it may have a different utility in certain settings. If you look at our dataset from our proof-of-concept study that we presented at the American Society of Hematology at the end of 2016, you will see that in fact, in the steroid-naïve acute setting, itacitinib had an 83% response rate. In the latter (33:21) steroid-refractory chronic setting, it was 63%, and so we feel that data is supportive of doing steroid-naïve acute development, which is where we're heading with the compound, which is an area by the way where you may want to be more sparing given that people have just received transplants and may have more trouble in terms of cytopenias. So, that's what I'll say about why we headed that way.
Steven H. Stein: Salveen, hi, it's Steven. In terms of the collaboration, you're absolutely right. It's an effective timing. So, the Merck collaboration with IDO, the ECHO-202 program, was first to begin and that's why that dataset matured first. The other datasets across the other collaborations are as we've always said, maturing as we speak, so over the next weeks and months. Those, who will come in, we'll be looking at them and making further decisions there. So, you're right, it's just an operational timing issue, but those are coming in. Essential thrombocythemia, it was around what to do in terms of the endpoint. So, the first-line treatment is commonly hydroxyurea. There is an FDA-approved drug for second-line treatment, anagrelide, which can lower platelet counts. The dataset that I quoted earlier with ruxolitinib in essential thrombocythemia patients, shows that we can both lower platelets, lower white blood cell counts and resolve splenomegaly when it's present. So, the ability to use those as a regulatory endpoint in a setting that's post-hydroxyurea is where we're interested now. And it was just an evolution in terms of the understanding of our own dataset and the opportunity with regulators to design the correct study.
Steven H. Stein: Ian, hi. It's Steven. Thank you. So, you are absolutely correct. In terms of the histology, they stand on their own. But there are opportunities to do different settings. So for example, a first-line setting, a second-line setting, and then as you alluded to, in the second part of your question, with or without chemotherapy combinations. And then the nuances for example in some cancers, people can't receive chemotherapy first-line for various reasons, either age or intolerability. So, you are absolutely correct. This is not limited to a finite number of Phase 3 studies in any histology. In terms of chemotherapy combinations, it's safety that needs to enable it, as you alluded to. We do have and are about to open studies looking at combinations of the triplets, PD-1 and IDO1 inhibitor plus chemotherapy, but there is also the opportunity to potentially do safety run-ins within either Phase 2 or Phase 3 studies that will satisfy either regulatory requirements or IRB requirements to get the safety data you need to enable the chemotherapy combination. And we will explore both in terms of the most efficient way to get the data we need and then obviously safety first and making sure these combinations are safe.
Steven H. Stein: So, just to again your first question and it's Steven again, Ian. I don't think it's gated particularly to time, because you can start the Phase 3 with the safety run-in and the required number of patients may not be large. So, you could end up doing 10 patients' to 20 patients' worth of data and not incur a tremendous time hit. So, I don't feel that the case would mean any substantial delay. The opt-in decisions are something we work carefully with, obviously, with Eli Lilly. The one that is absolutely going forward currently is the psoriatic arthritis one. We have communicated that we were opting in to atopic dermatitis and then axial spondyloarthritis, but we've yet to go through in detail those data packages with Lilly.
Steven H. Stein: Yes, hi, Liisa. It's Steven Stein. So, you're correct that the study is most likely to be in a post-hydroxyurea setting, and with the endpoints I discussed. What we do know at a very high level is that it's smaller than an MF and PV in terms of the opportunity. Beyond that, it's hard to say anything more at this stage to you in terms of its size.
Steven H. Stein: Hi, Ren. It's Steven Stein. I'll address your first question and a little bit of your second, but Hervé will take the backend piece. In terms of our PD-1 program in the INCSHR1210 compound, we are this quarter looking through the data we gathered through dose escalation, last year and completed and trying to understand the product's profile in terms of its PK et cetera. We'll point you towards the meeting we submit an abstract to and when we present it for any further detail on that. But we're in the midst of doing that exercise right now. In terms of the baricitinib negotiations with Food and Drug Administrations and what's going on, I'll just have to refer you to Lilly on that. But Lilly did say in their public remarks that they expect to get to a good point with the FDA sometime soon and I'll leave it at that.
