Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: Obviously, our top priorities right now are to secure approval for ruxolitinib for treating myelofibrosis and being fully prepared for the product launch. And with respect to the NDA, I remain highly confident that the FDA will reach a positive decision on or before our PDUFA date of December 3rd. Our launch preparations are very far along. All 60 reps are hired and well along in their training. They comprise a highly qualified group with an average of more than 18 years experience in industry and more than 11 years in hematology and oncology sales. We finalized contracts with a selected group of specialty pharmacies and we’ve also set up a central hub to assist providers and patients in navigating paperwork like verifying benefits, helping with prior auths, and if necessary assisting with the appeals process. The hub will also help patients connect with programs that assist with out-of-pocket costs. In terms of manufacturing and supply, the tablets are made, the bottles are ready to go, all we now need is the final package insert and we’ll be ready to launch.  Moving to our ruxolitinib Phase III trial in advanced polycythemia vera patients, we have received just this week, confirmation that the FDA has agreed to our protocol amendment and this will not affect the SPA already in place. So a really good outcome. The amendment changes entry criteria, number of patients to be enrolled, and the duration of follow up. But it does not change the primary or the key secondary end points. You’ll recall that the Phase II data stunningly shows that these end points are reasonable in a highly statistically significant way for us in this study. Specifically, the entry criteria now eliminate the need for patients to have either an elevated white blood cell count or platelet count, or to have a palpable spleen length of at least five centimeters. That entry criteria on spleen size now only requires a palpable spleen with MRI or CT confirming that the volume is at least two times larger than in normal adults. The number of patients to be enrolled is reduced from 300 to 200, and importantly, the duration of follow up is reduced from 80 weeks to 48 weeks. To remind you, the primary end point is based on response rates at 32 weeks with responders defined as patients who both became phlebotomy independent and had at least a 35% reduction in spleen volume. The key secondary end point of durability of this response remains unchanged except as I said, that durability will now be assessed at 48 rather than 80 weeks.  Prior to drafting the amendment we determined that the requirements for elevated white blood cell count and platelet counts, and to a lesser but significant extent, spleen length greater than five centimeters were leading to a larger number of ineligible patients. With this amendment we expect enrollment to increase markedly. The reduction in the number of patients and the shorter duration of follow up keeps the timeline on track to complete the study and submit the supplemental NDA in the second half of 2013.  Now, we have a number of other ruxolitinib trials underway and many of these are described in the press release. If anyone has specific questions about the design or status of these programs, Rich and I would be happy to respond during the Q&A. Now, moving to our earlier oncology programs, in September we announced we wouldn’t advance the Sheddase Inhibitor 839 into Phase III development in metastatic breast cancer.  Our Indoleamine 2, 3-dioxygenase 1 or IDO inhibitor and the oral c-MET inhibitor, the latter partnered with Novartis, continued in Phase I dose escalation trials in patients with solid tumors and we’ve not reached the maximum tolerated dose for either compound. For the IDO inhibitor we’ve decided to move forward with two Phase II trials in 2012. The first will be in patients with melanoma, followed by a trial in patients with ovarian cancer, and both of these studies are likely to begin next summer. [For our] inflammation program involving Incyte 28050 and other selective JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor, as you know it’s partnered with Lilly. The phase IIb trial in rheumatoid arthritis is fully enrolled and while we can’t speak for Lilly, we’re hopeful that the data could be presented at a future medical scientific meeting, possibly at [ULAR] in 2012. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Dave Hastings.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: Well, that’s exactly what we’re expecting to have happen. The amendment has to go back through the IRBs, in the meantime, we’ll continue to recruit from the original protocol. But quite a few patients are sitting on the sidelines who failed the first time around and that’s why we made the comment that the study should now recruit fairly quickly.Rachel McMinn – Bank of America: Then a question maybe for Pat, I guess can you just talk about some of the pre market education efforts that you have going on for ruxolitinib right now? Assuming an on time approval, what are you going to be doing at ASH? Is your focus more about the drug or more about the disease? If you could give us a bit of a sense of how you’re educating the market.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: But I will say, we have succeeded in giving the drug once a day and having trough levels at the IC90 concentration which was our objective and it’s been well tolerated. So in terms of straight up c-MET inhibition, it’s going to be hard to inhibit that target any more effectively than is being done with this drug and appears to be well tolerated while we’re doing it.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: So we’re not in a position right now to be expansive on what the label is ultimately going to look like. What we asked for was for a very broad label to treat all patients with myelofibrosis. And, we would expect to have something approximating that or that exactly, but it’s just premature to be talking about that. I’ll let Pat expand on the other aspects of the question, but we just can’t get into those discussions with you right now.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: I’ll answer that in a second. I would add to Pat, we do talk to the people who run the foundations, the myeloproliferative neoplasm foundation and it’s pretty obvious that the patients are very aware of this. They’re very, very excited about the possibility of having a drug that for the first time impacts their disease. And so there is a lot of interest out there. Is it universal? No, we’ll have to do some good marketing to bring it there, but I think we’re off to a pretty good stop and it’s not [inaudible] for sure.  On the ODAC, I’m actually not surprised at all because it seems to be a direction that the agency is moving in and especially the oncology division because if you run one of these things under an SPA, you meet your end points, the safety is adequate, there are frankly not that many questions to ask that the revealing group, the division at the agency cannot handle and routinely handles anyway. And so it sometimes becomes a dog and pony show that is just not necessary.  There have been three or four drugs in the last year, three of them I think are oncology drugs where they’ve been approved without a panel being called. We thought in the beginning that we’d have one and I guess it’s always still conceivable that you could have one but I’m not surprised that it appears that we’re not going to have one. 
Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: You mean the non peer reviewed letter in the New England Journal? There are some pretty squirrely letters in the New England Journal. Yes, sure that didn’t impact our stock positively. Let me just go through a couple of things and just say we know all the data that’s in that screed and the FDA knows all that data. We’ve analyzed that data upside and down before we put the NDA in and reviewing it again after the letter appeared. And at the right time, which this is not, we will show you all the data and you will see that it completely supports everything that we’ve said and concluded about what ruxolitinib does. It’s not the time in the middle of an NDA review to be displaying a lot of data that is in the NDA. But what I will tell you is I’ll give you some top line points about that data. Firstly, what it shows is that if you don’t keep your patients on the drug their symptoms will come back and their spleens will begin to grow again. We’ll be able to show you how many patients came off when and it will be a fairly eye opening result for you. Secondly, if you don’t give enough drug you will not get a maximally effective response in either spleen reduction or in symptom control. I think there’s a very cogent example of that in the YMI program which is what I’ve been telling you for over two years, that they were very low in the dose response curve and now they’ve doubled the dose and gone back and done Phase II over again. If you were down on that part of the dose response curve, dosing with ruxolitinib you wouldn’t get a maximum response either. Thirdly, if you did not keep your patients on drug for any decent length of time and then you use them as subjects for a survival curve, the results are fairly meaningless. And then lastly, with respect to the five sick patients who were hospitalized when they stopped drug that were described in the letter, you can find several of them in the appendix to the New England Journal paper where Dr. Tefferi was a senior author and Dr. [Pugnani] was also an author. The authors agreed that that’s where that data belonged because you have space limitations in those manuscripts. We took those cases very seriously when we designed Phase III. We designed Phase III to look very closely at the possibility that there could be a withdrawal syndrome. In Phase III and also frankly, at MD Anderson which amounts to over 400 patients who have been on the drug for a long time and some of them who had to stop for [inaudible], we found not a whiff of evidence for a withdrawal syndrome.  These patients in the beginning were very sick patients with multiple possible causalities for what led to their clinical outcomes and complications. Only one of which could have been the drug. However, in Phase III we looked very hard for that and there’s no evidence for it whatsoever. If you look at the data that was presented by [Srdan Verstovsek] twice at ASCO, during the day during his presentation and then during the analyst affair we had that evening he showed a very interesting slide that bore on that data specifically, what happens to the symptomatology of patients who stopped the drug. And what happens is exactly what you would predict if you stop taking a drug where you haven’t cured the disease, and that is symptoms will slowly recrudesce back to base line. There was no evidence for a rebound and it is what you would have expected to see despite how it’s been misrepresented by some people. So we’ll get into that data in much more detail for you at a later date but suffice it to say there is nothing in there that is unknown to the FDA or to us, and there is nothing in there that changes in anyway, either the efficacy or the safety profile of the drug.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: What we’re obviously going to do – to respond to a letter the rules in the New England Journal require you to do it within three weeks. We’re not in a position to do that with the NDA under review. I think what we do is we present our data holistically and then we show what we found at MD Anderson and what we found at Mayo and why the differences are there. And the differences are perfectly logical differences that you would expect based on different behavior. 
Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: Well, that’s a little awkward because of the way the partnership is. I mean, it really has to be Lilly that opines on that. I mean, there’s some obvious areas to go for that Pfizer may already be in and I’m sure that beyond those, and those are attractive, there are areas where Lilly would like to go that Pfizer hasn’t gone just to do something that differs. The obvious ones when you see what’s happened are xerosis, the inflammatory bowel disease, there are the arthritis, and then there are some other things that I am just not at liberty to talk about and they would have to be the ones who would talk about it.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: It’s the former issues. I mean, we have had a delay in the current, you know we thought we would be much further along in enrolling. Now, we have to make up for that and before we can do that we have to get through IRBs.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: I’ll let Rich answer but just let me start. For the alternative dosing, although we studied once a day early on at I think 50 milligrams worked pretty well you get a very high peak to trough for the immediate release and because some of the would be competitors were dosing once a day we thought it was prudent to see what a sustained release formulation for this compound, relatively easy to make because it has some solubility, would look like both with respect to efficacy and safety. It may turn out that you want a peak and a trough and you don’t want to be inhibiting the enzyme above a certain percent all day long. But we thought we’d look at that and so that’s what we’re kind of doing in that study. On the platelet study I’ll let Rich answer that.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: I’ll let Pat elaborate on what I say. We’ve done obviously, a lot of research identifying numbers and are really quite confident that we’re dealing with a population that is in the 17,000 to 18,000 range of registered and known patients. If it’s anything like the CML market, where that being a disease that’s frankly, a lot easier even to diagnose than MF but there was no effective therapy, how many more patients actually existed once there was something that worked, so we would – I mean, I’m anticipating that that same phenomena will play out here. But, just assume 17,000 to 18,000 people. About two thirds of them are exactly what we studied in the COMFORT trials, they’re intermediate II and high risk patients. Every one of those, if there’s not a contra indication, would benefit from the drug. Intermediate I patients and low risk patients make up the remaining 30% divided equally and I think Pat has said, that we think we have something to offer and the drug should be reasonably attractive to the Intermediate I risk people. Many of them have spleens and they can have constitutional symptoms. The low risk people we thought that would be a tougher climb at first and I don’t think we’ve gotten publically into what our market research says about penetration rates in that group but obviously that’s not the low hanging fruit. But, it actually turns out that over half of those people have splenomegaly and you would expect it – although they can have constitutional symptoms you would expect the symptomatology related to the big spleen. So that group could be attracted to the drug as well but that’s going to be upfront the hardest group to make heavy inroads into as you would expect.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: We have our compliance officer in the room here. There will be some but we have to be very, very careful about that.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: Thank you all for tuning in today. Obviously, we’re ready to go, we just have to get over the finish line and we’re hoping to be talking to you again very soon. I’d say with that, stay tuned.  
Richard S. Levy, M.D.: The Phase I is an unselected group where we’re not determining whether there are tumors – you know have abnormalities in c-MET to begin with. So we’ve seen some positive data but in terms of quantifying it, you really can’t relate it to what the response rates, etc. might be when you have a select group of patients that you already know have abnormalities in c-MET function.
Richard S. Levy, M.D.: Europe is on board with it. It is one trial so it all has to be done according to the same trial. Remember that there is no official SPA process in Europe but the buy in is still there. And with respect to the percentage of patients, I mean actually this broadens the number of patients that would be within the study and therefore potentially within the label depending on what that is defined as. And we’ve always felt that the percent of patients who are [inaudible], or resistant, or intolerant is in the range of high 20% to low 30%. Thomas J. Russo – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Paul, I’d be interested also now that the New England Journal letter has been out there for a few week kind of broadly if you have any take on that? Any potential impact you might see in the marketplace? And then, maybe any update on when your Phase-III data is expected to be published. 
Richard S. Levy, M.D.: Just to the last part of your questions, in terms of publication, we don’t have a precise date yet but it will not be before the PDUFA data and not before ASH. 
Richard S. Levy, M.D.: Yes, they have to have a palpable spleen unless they’re clearly obese in which case you could just go directly to measuring the spleen by MRI or CT and it has to be at least kind of twice what the normal range is. Now, if you think about the spleens in MF, those are about 10 times normal size. We also know that in our MF experience where there’s a range of spleen sizes that base lined, the smaller spleens are just as likely to decrease by 35% as the larger ones so we don’t think this hurts us in any way in terms of the overall response rate and it opens it up to more patients both in terms of the study and in terms of the implications for what the patient population would be after approval.
Richard S. Levy, M.D.: So just to be clear, the original protocol said that you not only had to have a blood count and a platelet count above the upper limited normal, it had to be substantially above the upper limited normal. And there are patients who have platelet counts and white counts that are above the limited normal but not to this extent that we had put into the original protocol. But this protocol no longer cares what your base line platelet count is. It can be normal, it can be slightly above, and it will still include those patients that have the particularly high white counts or platelet counts. There were other trivial wording changes to the protocol that are largely clarifications that have no impact and we did not go through every single one of those. But what you’ve heard today is really everything that is important.
Richard S. Levy, M.D.: We’re not really changing our assumed response rate with ruxolitinib. We’re changing the assumed response rate for best available therapy downward to account for essentially the same power. As I said before, in COMFORT-II where we used best available therapy the number one of those drugs being hydroxyurea, the response rate in terms of 35% or greater reduction in spleen volume was zero. This primary end point, you have to accomplish two things at the same time to be a responder. You have to become phlebotomy independent and you have to have a 35% reduction in the volume of your spleen. So when we designed the study we didn’t know what the response rate on the control arm of COMFORT-II was going to be. Now that we knew that we said we were way over powered at 300 and it’s clear that the FDA agreed with our changes to the protocol.
Richard S. Levy, M.D.: Let me just try to answer this from a people we’ve actually talked to perspective and then perhaps Pat might want to add something but probably not. So we have talked to a large group of both investigators who are experts both on the US and European side before making any changes to the protocol and had their buy in. In fact, there is a consulting group on the protocol that doesn’t allow us or Novartis to make changes without the buy in of those people, so they’re comfortable with it. The second thing is, as Paul said, you know we’ve had patients enrolled in this study from as early as October 2010 and we’re going to go into kind of close to the middle of 2013 before this data gets cut off so there will be durability data on patients beyond 48 weeks that we’ll be able to talk about and show that it’s long lasting. Plus, you still have what we call Study 256 which is a Phase-II PV study which started several years ago, I don’t remember how far patients are out but they’re out more than two years now, I believe, and those patients are still going strong. So there will be a lot of data showing the durability.
Richard S. Levy, M.D.: And the IRB process, I mean some of the central IRBs will probably approve the protocol within a couple of weeks and those patients will start coming in quickly. Others will take a little bit more time because they’re local sites and in some cases it will take longer. So it’s not as if everybody is just going to come in two weeks, but we fully expect that this will put us right back on track with where we were before.
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D.: For an oral drug it’s really about what coverage it gets and coverage will generally fall into what Medicare does and what commercial payers do. And for Medicare, ruxolitinib is of course, an anti neoplastic so it falls into being a protected class and in protected classes they cover all drugs in a group so one could be highly confident based on historical precedent that it would be covered under Medicare. Commercial plans, they generally follow suit but they look at it in terms of what tier placement does a product get. Tier-II, Tier-III, Tier-IV, they have different level of co-pay or co-insurance. And the commercial plans, particularly because this is the only product that treats this disease, would be highly, highly, highly likely to cover it, it’s just a question of which tier it would go on and that is something they determine later. But to be honest, they don’t usually determine it based on how expansive or narrow your label is. They usually just have a place where they put oncology products and that’s where it goes. So within that they also follow what your label is so if it’s a broad label it’s broad coverage.
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D.: Yes, we have. That would be a critical part of the work we have done. We’ve completed very thorough research. We’ve done it at a couple of points in time. We’ve done it most recently with a number of payers representing a substantial number of lives and with all that we have a good sense at different price points what the coverage and restrictions would be. We’ll of course not set the price until we have final approval.
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D.: We would want to make sure that our price doesn’t restrict unnecessarily the products availability to the public. And when I say restrict, I generally mean prior authorizations, because as I’ve already said, Medicare is going to cover it and commercial plans are likely going to – nearly all of them cover it. It’s just a question of what restrictions they put on it. So even if a drug is a Tier-II or Tier-III which has a co-payment of maybe $30 to $50 they could still put prior auths on it. The most common prior auth which is very easy to live with is that they have to have a diagnosis of myelofibrosis.  So we wouldn’t want there to be significantly other restrictions on the product and that does have a level of price sensitivity to it but we know what those sensitivities are and we’re very comfortable with what level of flexibility we would have in pricing this drug which we will do later when assuming it gets approved.
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D.: Salveen, we do have a field force of 60 reps in place with significant experience both in industry and in hematology and oncology. In fact, nearly all of them, we hired them for territories they were in with their previous employer. So in many cases they actually already know the physicians. Certainly they know the office and the facility for the majority of their new physicians that they would want to be targeting for Incyte. So with that, we’ll be sending them out with their new information on both myelofibrosis and on ruxolitinib, and that will be a major source of dedication for the community oncologists.  We have supportive materials to help them understand what the product is indicated for, how they can get it, what the distribution system is, how they would dose it. We have a call center, if they have questions. Medical information is set up. We have everything in place to be able to facilitate their easy understanding of the product and starting to prescribe it.
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D.: They are mostly in the community. Very typically for a lot of cancers, the patients are primarily treated in the community, because that’s where the doctors are. There are a lot more community docs than there are academic hematologists oncologists. We have had – because the disease has had no effective therapies there’s not been a lot of materials out there to help people who have the disease understand it better so we did have a disease education website up for both professionals and for patients, or caregivers, or whomever was interested in the disease and we did have a number of them sign up and ask us for us to communicate with them in the future as new information comes out. It’s not an insignificant number but it’s not a huge number either. We would probably not reach out directly to patients, we would more likely be working through physicians because they are the better audience to start with on a new medication. So that’s where our focus would be, not really on the patients initially. That being said, we know that some of the advocacy groups do follow what’s happening with ruxolitinib because they’re very interested in having the first approved therapy for their member group and it would not be surprising to me if they communicate, or other organizations also following this communicate with patients. But Incyte, would not do that much initially directly to patients unless they has sought it out by coming to us.
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D.: Yes Corey, we have a good understanding of the awareness because we periodically survey a subset of doctors, sometimes we attract the same ones, sometimes we open up and do a different set each time. From that we’ve seen an increasing knowledge certainly of JAK inhibition and its role in MF. That’s increased really significantly over the past couple of years. I will say awareness of ruxolitinib remains low and that is of course, because we do not, in any way, focus in on that product. We have always only spoken about the disease. So it is not surprising that there is that gap in awareness.  Keep in mind that for most community hematologist oncologist, MF is a very, very small percentage of their patient population. And they see a lot of patients and they have to keep up and current with all of these other medications and treatments. So they tend to focus less on things that are in development that don’t immediately affect their practice, their patients. However, that will change very dramatically once the product gets approved and we can talk about it, and it is available for them to use. Our research suggests that in fact, you know, within six months 90% of the physicians we’ve surveyed has said they will try the product on at least one patient. So I do expect that dynamic to change dramatically after approval. 
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D.: Well, they are quite motivated because they really have a significant burden of disease. It’s really a massive splenomegaly, it’s many folds larger than what their spleen should be. They probably have a significant assortment of symptoms that would keep them up at night, which make them lose weight, which make them find it difficult to walk and to move around. A lot of them would be following, or trusting that their physician is following what is happening in this space and they will have a lot of incentive to want to understand this product and whether or not it would benefit them.
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D.: So of course, we have a great ongoing dialog with Novartis on key issues and pricing does come up but the reality is the markets are on very different places and Novartis may have a different approach than Incyte does and that’s perfectly fine. That being said, we’ve not been far off in how we look at things. But you would expect to see differences between the United States, and Europe, and the rest of the world.
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D.: The MF patients are generally older than the population as a whole. We believe about 60% are going to be over 65. So when you look at the socioeconomic background that they come from you have to factor in that age is a variable. Putting that aside, what we did for pricing is a number of different ways of looking at what is an appropriate price for our drug. One of them is to show a blinded product profile of your product to a variety of payers and physicians and say, “When you see a product that looks like this with these types of benefits what other products do you think of?”  And there wasn’t a consensus answer for ruxolitinib. It’s not like everyone we talked to gave the same product, there was definitely a pretty wide range of products that they gave. When one looks at what the most common responses were, they were generally the reference products were the CML products so Gleevec, Sprycel and Tasigna. So that’s one data point that we would incorporate into our thinking. And those products are particularly, Gleevec of course, but the other two too are widely used in practices where we would be expecting ruxolitinib to be too. So they’re very used to using oral oncolytics and what the process is for making sure that the patients can get those products, and what coverage looks like, and dealing with the managed care issues associated with that. So in all of that our products is just very similar in process to some others that are out there so that is nothing that will be new or surprising to them. Then on Medicare, you had asked about the donut hole in the process that patients need to go through. Again, that’s independent of our product, I mean there is a standard benefit design out there for Medicare patients and usually products that are over $600, and I think that’s a year but it could be a month, over that amount fall into this standard benefit design. So oral oncolytics are nearly always in that category and it does mean that the patient would have some level of deductable and co-insurance and then they would enter into a donut hole. And based on changes in the law last year, they would have to pick up about 50% of the donut hole costs and the rest of it is picked up by the manufacturer which means that they might have outlay of $2,800 or more by the time they’re actually through the donut hole and that can be a significant amount really for anyone, but maybe Medicare patients you might think of some of them being on fixed income. Maybe it is more significant for them. The way the laws are set up, manufacturers cannot directly help people covered by federal government programs so we would not be able to directly help Medicare patients. In recognition of this, sometime ago a number of charitable foundations took on as part of their goals, is to help Medicare patients be able to manage the cost associated – not just drug costs, the costs associated with their illness. And so those charitable foundations are in effect and Incyte recognizes the challenge that Medicare patients have and we would of course try to do what is possible to help through the foundations and the foundations supporting the MF community.
