Dave Hastings: Thanks, Rich and good morning everybody. I’ll start my brief overview this morning by discussing our cash position. We ended the first quarter was $384 million in cash and investments excluding $38 million in restricted cash held in escrow for interest payments through October 2012, on our 4.75% Convertible Senior Notes. Our ending cash also doesn't include the $15 million milestone earned from Novartis for the cMET program. Cash used this quarter was $45 million excluding $4 million in proceeds from stock option exercises. Our cash used for the quarter was on plan and 2011 cash use guidance is unchanged at $185 million to $200 million. This guidance, as always excludes actual and potential milestones received from partners and proceeds from stock option exercises. Because of the milestone we earned this quarter we are increasing our revenue guidance from $67 million to $82 million for 2011. Now moving to our operating expenses. These two were in line with our expectations and our guidance remains unchanged in both R&D and selling, general and administrative expense as we prepare for the potential launch of ruxolitinib. In terms of hiring in the commercial area while we've had a core marketing team in place for sometime, this quarter we continue to build out and staffing a sales operation and training functions including our first regional business manager. Importantly, our medical affairs team is now almost fully staffed. So now with that overview, Paul I'll turn the call over to you.
Dave Hastings: Yeah. Eric so, in terms of the cash burn guidance, we always give gross cash burn excluding milestone, so certainly on net basis our cash burn will be lower but on a growth basis, we have not changed the 185 to 200.
Dave Hastings: Well, unfortunately as you know, because of the confidentiality, we can't go into that detail. We can just say that it was a pre-defined milestone for progress in the clinic, we are happy with where the program is as is Novartis and we look forward to moving that program forward.
Richard Levy: I have to make – to add, I mean I don’t hear from the physicians that they are particularly concerned about the sciatic profile of the drug in fact there are – the things that we hear is how remarkably well tolerated it is. I mean, anemia is something that they’re very used to dealing with and not something there is a particular concern, of course they prefer drug that didn’t have any effects on anemia or cure to anemia. But that’s not a focus; and so they are focused on the safe and effective use of the drug. And I don’t know what you understand there.
Richard Levy: Yeah. I don't have that number at hand, but it's a vast majority. I mean there were some placebo patients who didn’t make it thru to the crossover; probably over 90% of the patients who originally randomized to ruxolitinib did and the dropout rate after the crossover, I don't have quantitative information on, but my understanding is that it’s minimal.
Richard Levy: Yeah. I think we only had our first patients receiving the drug for a few weeks now and so I just know that there are no problems so far and I don’t really know anything more than that. The studies that we are doing now would not be all you would need to get to market; that’s pretty clear. This is essentially dose escalation and expansion added dose. What would you actually need to get it to market, if we decide that it has enough benefit over the IR in order to do that is not exactly clear; and when look at the data that we have from the COMFORT I study, you can see that wouldn’t require a whole lot of patients in order to be able to demonstrate effectiveness versus control, if that was to be required. It would be more of an issue as to how many patients would need to expose to that formulation for safety in order for regulatory authorities to be comfortable. But it shouldn't take too long, but this one study is not the only one.
Paul Friedman: So I would just add that many of these physicians have been treating their patients for a number of years and during that period of time may not been able to help them with the debilitating symptoms that they have. And the symptoms really do give and that patient core quality of life. There is a lot of them and whilst anyone of them maybe mild to moderate collectively they post quite a disease burden on the patient. So the physicians, they are looking for something which has a good risk benefit profile and they are focusing on efficacy and they believe like oncologists, typically they are focusing more on efficacy and they try to manage this side effects and consequences that might occurred with taking a medication. And that's how we have seen consistently in all of our research. We have interviewed probably close to now 1,000 physicians in the U.S. and in some other countries. And the overwhelming response is that if the improvement in the debilitating symptoms and the reduction in spleen or there any other consequences that might include thrombocytopenia or anemia are manageable.
Paul Friedman: We are taking Pfizer at their word that in the one study that seems to have created all this excitement. There were four deaths in on-drug. I think two of those that’s occurred after patients were off-drug. One was respiratory that and one was acute heart failure which Pfizer was willing to tell us was not related to drug. So, I am actually at a loss to understand what the issue is frankly. We have in hundreds now of MF patients, older patients sick with cardiovascular disease have not seen any increased incidents in patients on drug in congested heart failure or cardiac problems.  And so I don’t understand what the issue is frankly at this point unless you don’t take Pfizer at your word. And so I would ask Rich to expand on that if he can, but that’s my level of understanding of what’s happened in the last couple of weeks around their publication of their abstracts.
Paul Friedman: So enrolment in the response study is proceeding reasonably well and we still have a number of the most important sites meaning that the academic sites with their longer times to get everything through, not only their IRB’s but their oncology review committee and things like that; those always take more time and those are the sites that we expect to enroll with the largest number patients and that’s kind of where we are in the U.S. With respect to Europe, Novartis has really only gotten started within the past months and so they have some other sites, but the majority are still not out. So its really going to take I think another quarter to have a good sense as to whether or not we have all the right sites to be able to complete this on time. Right now, it’s just a little bit behind.
Paul Friedman: I don’t think we can say that. It's more meant for protecting us and having what we believe is the best once-a-day formulation that you could have in the event that we needed these are big competition and as Pat mentioned, if you could have a once-a-day, it has compliance advantages over twice a day. I would say from the pre-clinical data, there would be no way for us, whether there would be less myelosuppression. It's possible, but we have to see the demand.
Paul Friedman: So, I can’t give you absolute answer to that question, but it seems as if the most predominant thing is their disease state. The degree of thrombocythemia is that they already have before starting on a JAK inhibitor. So I don’t know that anyone is more or less sensitive to the drug per se; it’s just that you have less of above or before you start getting into accounts that you’re trying to avoid.
Paul Friedman: All right, this is Paul. We’re looking forward to being able to discuss our data at ASCO, its now only about a month away and then again at EHA and we’re – as we said in the beginning working diligently to get both regulatory documents in, in the June timeframe and we’re on track to do that. So stay tuned and we’ll see everybody at ASCO, and thanks for listening this morning, and with that I’ll say goodbye.
Rich Levy: As of now, absolutely not. It may turn out that based on some questions we may get at that one presentation we might make some last minute modifications in order to be able to address those things more fully in light of later presentation. But you are asking whether you need to go to both. They are going to be fairly similar.
Rich Levy: So I mean abstracts are helpful. It is going to be a while both at the ULAR meetings and then again some of the data won’t come out until ACR to be able to see a little bit more in detail on these things. But just looking at it from what’s available, I mean number one, I think that there is a lot more exposure to drug than they are to controls over the long course here. Two, that these are for the most parts patients who have comorbidities. It is quite well known for example that because of the inflammatory state that exists within rheumatoid arthritis as in other inflammatory states, there are more risks for cardiovascular disease than an age matched population. I would also say that we find it encouraging that they have completed all of their phase III studies and they all showed positive efficacy results including within a very short timeframe, which is only six months showing a difference in – and the X-Ray changes indicating that it is a true [indicator] and we haven’t seen the smoking guns by any means that suggest that the safety profile is going to be a problem for them. And with respect to our and Lilly’s drug, we haven’t seen any of the – we clearly have fewer patients exposed with that particular drug so far, but we haven’t seen heart disease, respiratory failure and any of those things. And with respect with the JAK 1, 2 versus JAK 1, 2, 3 is going to make a difference here. I mean this is just theoretical. It’s possible, but we don’t have the data to really address that.
Rich Levy: We know that they are doing something, but I don't have any details on exactly which countries are starting when, I think it is likely to start after they file which again should be in June. But I have not been privy to all the details because it doesn’t really involve us directly.
Rich Levy: Yes, first of all you always have to essentially give all the data that you have. It’s a question of how you emphasize the data. So for the US, COMFORT-I is our pivotal study and COMFORT-II is supportive and that also means that data from COMFORT-II can result in labeling claims, including what we think is very important being able to compare to best available therapy and beyond just being able to compare to placebo.  With respect to Europe, the symptom data for the most part comes from COMFORT-I which is the blinded trial and although that symptom data hasn't been presented yet in any kind of detailed way, that will also be very important to Novartis' product profile that they want to get across in Europe, so the two studies are complimentary.
Rich Levy: Yes, so what we've found is that 5 milligram BID can be a quite active dose, but it’s clearly not as effective as higher doses. 10 milligrams BID gets to be close to as effective as the higher doses and the patients that we treated before who come in with very low blood accounts and are I shouldn’t say very little – come in with lower end blood accounts and then end up being managed with on drug and they end up pretty much mostly around 10 milligram OAD, some at five and some at 15, not too many higher than that. So I think that doses for the patients who come into these new studies with low blood accounts will probably end up on somewhat lower doses and we’ve studied in the Phase III trials. But once that we expect will give them much of the benefits, better patients with higher starting blood accounts, but we need to see the data of course.
