James M. Daly: Thank you, Hervé, and good morning, everyone. With 2015 marking our fourth full calendar year post-launch, first quarter net product revenues of Jakafi reached $115 million. This represents an annual growth rate of 66% over the first quarter of 2014 and was driven by a steady growth in underlying demand in MF, coupled with a meaningful contribution from our newly launched indication in PV. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, net sales grew 9% with the following components of change relative to the prior quarter. Underlying demand, as measured by vials dispensed to patients, grew 8%. Net price declined by 3%, reflecting a temporary increase in gross to net discounts, driven largely by seasonal increases in Medicare Part D donut hole rebates, partially offset by a 4.75% list price increase taken in early March. Inventory had a 4% positive relative impact with weeks on hand increasing from the lower end of the normal rate of 3 to 3.5 weeks at the end of the fourth quarter to the middle of the normal range at the end of the first quarter. Breadth and depth of prescribing in MF continues to grow in a consistent manner, with continued benefit from the overall survival data and updated safety and dosing information that was incorporated into the product label in the second half of 2014, which we believe is driving new patient starts. While we will be providing more detailed overview of the PV launch performance, based upon six months of findings on a second quarter call, at this point, we can confirm that the launch is proceeding as planned, and we are pleased with early trends and performance indicators. We are already seeing some patients who've received samples transition to commercial supply. And based upon early feedback from both physicians and patients, the product appears to be performing well and meeting or exceeding expectations. We believe this foundation of successful early trial should enable us to continue to expand breadth and depth of prescribing over time, and to enable us to positively impact a significant proportion of the estimated 25,000 PV patients who've had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea. On the reimbursement front, most of the large payers have made coverage decisions and are managing to the PV label. And patients are able to access the product in a timely manner with reasonable out-of-pocket costs. Looking forward in PV, our primary opportunity and challenge is to reinforce with physicians the medical imperative to improve PV management and to translate the Jakafi prescribing information and Phase III clinical data into appropriate and specific PV patients in their practices who require additional disease control. We look forward to providing you with additional detail on our progress on the second quarter call. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rich to give us a clinical update.
James M. Daly: Hey, Cory. This is Jim. Cory, I think the key gating factor to getting a physician to prescribe Jakafi for their PV patients is translating the clinical data and the indication statement in the label to a specific patient in their practice. And I wanted to give a hats off to our sales force because, quite frankly, there's no substitute for an effective sales force in accomplishing that because it requires a discussion with the physician of particular patient characteristics and they're doing an outstanding job. As you would expect, the patients that we're getting right now tend to be the and patients. These are patients who tend to have elevated counts, and substantial symptom burden, and they tend to be at risk for thrombosis. And the sales force is having that constructive discussion. They're able to identify that patient as an appropriate candidate for Jakafi. The results are positive. And with that successful experience, they earn the right to go back and ask for additional patients who may not be as obvious, may not be the and patient, but may be the or patient. So I think that process is taking place. I think our sales force is doing an outstanding job. There is no substitute for an effective sales force in achieving that gating event. And as we look at new patients starts on a weekly basis, we're pleased and it's very consistent with our expectations.
James M. Daly: Yes. With respect to splenomegaly, some of the early patients that are going on Jakafi do tend to have enlarged spleens. We see that becoming less important as a trigger to treat over time. So at this point, we're not seeing that as a barrier to identify new patients for Jakafi.
James M. Daly: Okay. Let's knock those off. First, let's start with the last because I remember that most vividly. No bolus of patients with PV. We should not see an inventory giveback in the second quarter. If you look at the sustainability of the trends, there is a natural seasonality to our business. If you look at the last two years, we had single-digit dispense growth in the first quarter for both 2014 and 2013, followed by robust double digit in the second quarter. Not making any forward projecting statement, but I would bet the trend on that. And we are very confident that we can maintain a robust growth trajectory for Jakafi both in MF and you'll see the compounding effect of our success in PV over time.
James M. Daly: Absolutely. No step-changes with PV. PV is – you have to go out and earn it every day, patient by patient and we're doing that. And again, based on very early data, we're pleased with the rate of new patients going on for PV. And we're also pleased with the fact that, again, based on very early data that they seem to be staying on Jakafi and PV to a greater extent than what we saw with MF. So we think this is a slow steady build that will compound very nicely over time.
James M. Daly: That's a very fair question, and I hate to sound like I'm hedging, but I think the answer is both. I think with the overall survival data inclusion in the label, we saw an increase in both the breadth of prescribing, we saw physicians who had never prescribed the product begin to trial and adopt. And we saw a greater depth to prescribing. Now, with the second indication in PV, we're actually seeing physicians going back and evaluating some of their watch-and-wait MF patients and some of the later-adopter physicians seeing that as a motivation to initiate their first patient in MF. Actually, as you look at the prescribing for PV, 25% of prescribers in PV had never prescribed a product before in MF. And with positive experience in PV, we think there may be a halo effect for them to go back and use the product in MF. So I think we're optimistic that we can see an expansion in both breadth and depth in MF going forward.
James M. Daly: I think we feel more confident in that estimate today than we did last year when we communicated it. The patients are definitely there without a doubt, and it's simply a matter of establishing successful trial and making sure the physician and the patient has a positive experience and then asking for the next patient.
Richard S. Levy: Thanks, Jim. 2015 has begun very well for the development group. We've significantly expanded our clinical portfolio and our key projects are moving forward. We've also hired Dr. Steven Stein as our new Chief Medical Officer. Steven came to us from Novartis where he was Senior Vice President Novartis Oncology in the U.S. He's already making key contributions to development of our clinical portfolio. I'll now walk you through the key pipeline updates beginning with the pivotal programs. During the first quarter, we announced with Lilly that the second pivotal Phase III trial of baricitinib in rheumatoid arthritis, the RA-BUILD trial, met its primary endpoint. With Lilly, we look forward to presenting these data as well as those from the RA-BEACON study in an upcoming scientific meeting. We also look forward to results from the additional two Phase III studies later in 2015. We also continue to make good progress in the pivotal program for ruxolitinib in second-line pancreatic cancer. As a reminder, given our previous discussions with the FDA during the SPA process, we believe that if results of JANUS 1 are sufficiently robust, it could support registration. We've therefore prioritized enrollment into JANUS 1 over enrollment into JANUS 2 by allocating the faster recruiting sites to the JANUS 1 trial. Recruitment to JANUS 1 is therefore running ahead of JANUS 2. And while we continue to expect data from JANUS 1 in 2016, results from JANUS 2 are now expected at a later date. Moving now to epacadostat, our IDO1 inhibitor. Recruitment into all four of the Phase I/II trials of epacadostat in either anti-PD1 or PD-L1 therapies from Merck, BMS, AstraZeneca or Genentech is progressing well. Once we determine the doses to be used in each combination, we expect enrollment in the expansion cohorts to be rapid. If these trials generate positive proof-of-concept data, we would anticipate moving swiftly into potential registration studies. Recruitment into the Phase II studies of ruxolitinib in colorectal and breast cancer is as expected and these trials remain on track for data in 2016. Because of competition in lung cancer patients with immuno-oncology therapies, recruitment in the Phase II trial of ruxolitinib in lung cancer is somewhat behind our expectations at this time. Moving to compounds in our emerging portfolio, we've initiated clinical development of INCB54828, our FGFR inhibitor. And later in the second quarter, we're on track to initiate clinical development of INCB54329, our bromodomain inhibitor, which has already cleared the IND process. We present full characterizations of these two molecules along with the science, strategy and data behind our emerging pipeline for potential cancer therapies at the recent AACR Annual Meeting. Looking now to ASCO. In our view, the key data from Incyte will be from the trial of our PI3K-delta inhibitor 40093 in combination with our JAK1 selective inhibitor 39110. We will be presenting both 40093 monotherapy and combination data with 39110 in the treatment of Hodgkin's lymphoma as well as safety and summary efficacy data in other B-cell malignancies. We look forward to discussing this data after they have been presented at ASCO. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave to give us the financial highlights of the quarter.
Richard S. Levy: So, Salveen, your second question. So when we first were in discussions with the FDA during the SPA period going back about a year-and-a-half, it was clear that if the results were robust in JANUS1 that would be all that was necessary. JANUS2 was designed in case the results weren't as robust as we expected. When I say robust, there's no specific definition of what that means, but the expectation is clear that if we were even close to the confidence – excuse me, to the data that we saw in the RECAP study that would be a robust study. So we just have to wait and see on that. With respect to the PRO that's in JANUS 2 and not in JANUS1, that's still only an exploratory endpoint in JANUS 2 and would have no impact on approval. That was there to kind of demonstrate that that tool was fit for purpose, as they say in regulatory terminology these days, to potentially be used in additional study at later point to get a labeling claim based on symptoms. So that has no impact on the potential for approval.
Richard S. Levy: So the number of patients from which we will have data at ESMO is about twice the number that we had data when the data was first presented at ASCO last year. And secondly, the duration of therapy in the patients who have been on therapy for a while is longer. That's all I really feel comfortable saying about the data at this point in time. And I don't really know how to answer the question as to how you would translate the data in combination with Yervoy to expectations around the data with PD1s or PD-L1s other than to say that we're seeing that this is an active drug in immuno-oncology in combination with Yervoy. And that gives us confidence the same way as it has before, that we will see that it remains active and adds benefit to other immuno-oncology combinations including PD1s and PD-L1s.
Richard S. Levy: Yeah. Just to add that, we're studying both. We have clinical data with Jakafi added to capecitabine and emerging data with other agents, both targeted outside of immuno-oncology as well as other cytotoxic agents. And we have a very interesting pre-clinical data suggesting that it will work in combination with immunotherapies, but we need to first start exploring that data in the clinic before we can really make prioritization decisions.
Richard S. Levy: So we believe we have an IDO1 inhibitor that has no issues with it and that is pretty far ahead of the competitor of IDO inhibitors there are going to follow. And that is the reason why we continue to move forward quickly to maintain our advantage in terms of timelines, which is critical. And our strategy remains to work with a range of drugs, not just across companies with different PD1s and PD-L1s but also potentially to look at other combinations as well, and not to have those decisions be driven by the potential that other IDO inhibitors that are further behind are going to be either licensed to or available to some of the same companies that we've been working with.
Richard S. Levy: Sure. So I'm not going to try to get into and dissect the limited details that have been put in the public domain on the Galapagos results in Darwin 1 and Darwin 2. All I would say is that at this point, we don't see any types of strong evidence for differentiation between that product and baricitinib, which is several years ahead. And we look forward to sharing the Phase III baricitinib data with everyone in more detail soon.
Richard S. Levy: So are JAK1 inhibitor, since we've put 39110 into a relatively small three-month study and showed quite interesting results. But we decided that 39110 was going to be an oncology drug. We then took a second JAK1 inhibitor and put it into the clinic for RA and had a tox finding that was not necessarily drug related, but one that made the development more difficult. So now we'd be talking potentially about another JAK inhibitor that's even further behind. And so you need to look not only at JAK1 versus JAK1/2, but also the timelines to bring forth another JAK1 inhibitor into this competitive space at this time.
Richard S. Levy: So I mean, I think we've always been highly productive, but the size and scope that we have available to do as many projects as we're doing, just pound for pound, I'm not sure that we're any stronger than we were before, but we've always been strong. We're building and we're building with the same quality of excellent people that we've had in the past to be able to maintain not only how rapidly we progress things, but to put in strong, strategic thinking into what we do so that we're not having to redo our plans on a constant basis. So I'm very pleased with the growth of the development organization. And as I said in my prepared remarks, really happy to have Steven Stein with us to lead the clinical group.
Richard S. Levy: Right. So it's an ongoing process to evaluate what the next steps should be. And being realistic not only about the competition for enrollment in the studies but the changing landscape over the way lung cancer is likely to be treated by the time these studies read out. So we're continuing to look at that, but we don't have anything specific to say at this point in time.
Richard S. Levy: Okay. So first in terms of the dose. So as I've said previously, we saw a higher-than-expected discontinuation rate in first-line pancreatic cancer patients in the expansion of the existing study and those in months, two, three and four. And we could not find any pattern among them. I don't think there were necessarily any two reasons for discontinuation that were the same. And none of them appeared to me to necessarily be related to the drug and necessarily be related to the dose. That said, because the discontinuation rate was higher than we expected, we didn't want to go into a large registration study taking the risk that the discontinuation rate early was going to inhibit our ability to see a positive result in the end. And so, we had essentially two choices. One was to just get more patients at the dose that we've already been studying or to study a lower dose. Or potentially, we could have continued to do both. But we wanted to be not so exhaustive in what we did fix that we would be adding too much time to this. So we decided that let's look at a lower dose, a dose that should still provide levels of JAK1 inhibition as high or higher than ruxolitinib provides in the positive RECAP study analysis. And so, we feel comfortable with that lower dose. With respect to whether this has any impact on our JAK1 in terms of other solid tumor combinations, I don't think that it does. I think that we don't even know that this has anything to do with the JAK1. We don't know this has anything to do with the combination with gemcitabine and abraxane. And we don't even know that this just isn't because the numbers of patients was relatively small and this lead-in to just by chance get a higher discontinuation rate. So we're being prudent, but I wouldn't look at it impacting anything else.
