Hervé Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike. And good morning, everyone. I believe that the third quarter of 2015 could be viewed as a period of transformational progress for Incyte. This belief is driven by two very important announcements we recently made on epacadostat and baracitinib, as these two assets have the potential to push Incyte forward on a global basis over the next several years. Science drives our success here at Incyte, and we aim to create values through the investment we make in innovation. This investment in innovation has already completed into a unique portfolio of exciting opportunities both in immuno-oncology and across our targeted therapies. There are currently 12 molecules in clinical development in our portfolio, and apart from the recently in-licensed PD-1 antagonist, all have been discovered in Incyte's laboratories. There are three main benefits that arise from this. Firstly, risk mitigation; having numerous molecules in development reduces our dependence on the success of any one of them. Secondly, our portfolio gives us significant combinatorial optionality. We can seek to develop our agents alone, as additions to standard of care and we can also seek to develop them in novel-novel combination. And thirdly, as we look further forward to the potential commercialization of our compound, we believe that the financial benefit to Incyte shareholders may be greater than industry norms because there's a relative lack of third-party payments. As we review our progress, since we spoke at the end of Q2 we have seen two landmark events in the ongoing transformation of Incyte. The first was the announcement with Merck of our plans to advance the combination of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab into Phase III development for the first line treatment of advanced metastatic melanoma. This trial is expected to begin in the first half of 2016. The expanded collaboration with Merck shares our financial burden and also demonstrate our shared confidence in the clinical program. This is a key landmark in the history of Incyte because this would be Incyte's first Phase III program for a compound for which we intend to keep global commercialization rights. The second landmark was a positive outcome of the baricitinib Phase III program with Lilly. The key announcement here was the bean (4:44) study with data showing oral baricitinib to be superior to Humira, the injectable form of care in controlling the signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis. The third quarter was also very successful for us commercially, with Jakafi continuing to show strong growth, both from our continuing effort in MF as well as the ongoing launch in PV. Jakafi has fueled our business for the past four years and we expect this will continue for years to come, but Incyte is now entering a new phase in its evolution. We anticipate having a second variable source of income coming from baricitinib and we can see a path to registration for epacadostat. We also have a clinical portfolio that is rich in optionality and potential synergies. Combined, I think we can say that Incyte is now on a new track as we continue our transformation into a world-class biopharmaceutical organization. With that overview, I'll pass the call to Barry for some additional details on Jakafi's performance in the quarter.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yeah. Maybe I can take it. I think you have to think about it as an IDO program, epacadostat program. Our best interest is to develop the product in multiple indication in multiple lines of therapy. So the way the relationship with Merck is working is really specific to the line of therapy in melanoma where the Phase III study is doing. So we would be obviously looking for other patient groups where we could do Phase III studies. So what I'm saying is that, don't think of this two year of exclusivity as limiting us for other indications, other combinations, other lines of therapy; it's not. So from a certain standpoint, we could imagine in the future doing different types of relationship with a partner or to have it under the same type that we have seen here. In both cases it would not prevent us from developing IDO broadly in multiple indications in the future if we choose to, and that's really what's important to us.
Hervé Hoppenot: No. I don't see – I think it could be. What I'm saying is that it could be under the same type of relationship or not. In fact, none of that has been decided yet. But in both cases it would not limit us from developing epacadostat in multiple indications in the future if the clinical data justifies doing it and that's really what's important.
Hervé Hoppenot: On the second part of your question, on the PD-1 optionality and how it's sort of adding potential for our thoughtful user. Where we think about it is really in different timelines. The short-term, which is like the next three years, if we see indications where combination with existing approved PD-1 or PD-L1 is possible, we would not delay or retain that in any way. We would go ahead as quickly as we can with epacadostat in combination with this as our product. Our own PD-1 program is opening a number of different options in term of combination, but not only with epacadostat. It's also true for many of the other products we have in our portfolio and this will come at a later stage. I don't think it would be reasonable to delay or reserve any indication at this point. If we see a path to registration, if we have a willing partner who would be ready to go with us, I think we will always give priority to the speed at which we can get our epacadostat approved in that indication.
Hervé Hoppenot: Okay. Thank you. Thank you for your time today. Thank you for your questions. I know a lot of the questions were really to data that is not yet available. So we look forward to seeing you at the SITC or the ACR conferences where a lot of this data will be presented in the next few days. And I also want to remind you that Lilly and us will have an investor call from ACR in the morning of November 11, where really specifically we'll be speaking about the data that has been presented that day for baricitinib. So thank you and good bye.
Barry P. Flannelly: Thank you, Hervé, and good morning, everyone. Net product revenues for Jakafi during the third quarter were $161 million, an increase of 65% year-over-year. As a result of the continued growth, we are raising our net product revenue guidance for Jakafi for 2015. We are raising it from a range of $560 million to $575 million to a new range of $580 million to $590 million. When we spoke to you at the end of Q2, we provided a detailed look at the launch of Jakafi for the treatment of patients with polycythemia vera. I'm very pleased to be able to tell you that the launch in uncontrolled PV remains strong and we are also seeing continued growth in demand from patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis. The graph on the left of slide eight shows the total number of Jakafi prescribers. Quarter-by-quarter over the last year, the graphic shows the consistent increase in our prescriber base. We believe that this reflects the ongoing and successful efforts of our U.S. organization to educate physicians about the unmet need in patients with polycythemia vera as well as Jakafi's therapeutic profile in MPNs. The graph on the right shows the percentage increase Q3 over Q2 in the total number of MF and PV patients taking Jakafi. While we see strong growth in the number of PV patients on Jakafi, it is also good to see continued growth in the use of Jakafi in patients with MF. With that, I'll pass the call to Rich for the clinical highlights.
Barry P. Flannelly: Sure. So the target for prescriber base that we presented in the slides is really physicians who have prescribed in the last 12 months. There is more physicians who have prescribed. And obviously you know there is somewhere between 10,000 and 11,000 hematologists-oncologists in the United States, some of whom don't practice. You can only go so high in the total number of prescribers that you have and lots of those oncologists-hematologists may not even see any NPM patients at all. And then in terms of earlier, we certainly have patients now who are being treated who are intermediate-1 myelofibrosis patients. And I think that was it.
Barry P. Flannelly: Well, I think we said it all long is that PV patients are sometimes perfectly controlled with phlebotomy or aspirin or sometimes with hydroxyurea, but there is lots of patients who are intolerant to hydroxyurea or get inadequate response to hydroxyurea and those patients are coming on Jakafi now. And we have great expectations for this launch to continue into next year and beyond.
Barry P. Flannelly: And for your second question, it's a long way away from pricing strategies for epacadostat, but we really believe that we'll continue to create drugs and combinations of drugs that provide real value to patients. So the clinical benefit to patients ultimately will determine the value.
Barry P. Flannelly: Yeah. Hi, Catherine (36:26), this is Barry. So the unit growth accounted for almost all of the growth quarter-over-quarter. So we took a price increase in the middle of September. So that really only added about $1 million to the sales; almost all of it was unit growth.
Barry P. Flannelly: For participancy, we don't have that much data in PV. Obviously we just launched really in January. So you can look to our clinical trials. So if you look to response for example, follow-up on response you had 83% of patients were still on drug at about two years. In MF, if you looked at the COMFORT trials, you had 50% of patients were still on drug at three years. So we believe that persistency will probably end up being greater with PV, but we still need to accumulate more data. Thanks.
Richard S. Levy: Yeah. So this is Rich. There will be data broken out by dose on both safety and efficacy at SITC. But with that said, I'm not going to get into any of the details until those data are presented there. And this does not really change our strategy with respect to trying to continue to work with multiple partners going forward. So we have this one arrangement to do a Phase III study in melanoma with Merck. There are many other potential indications and we look forward to doing those studies when the data are fully supportive to make that decision to go forward, either with Merck or with any of our other collaborators.
Richard S. Levy: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. This is Rich again. So with respect to the SITC data, it's obviously more robust. I would say that as a very broad statement, there are not major changes in the data from what you're seeing, but you're just going to have to wait for the data per se. And really not going to comment on our regulatory strategies with respect to breakthrough or not.
Richard S. Levy: I'm really not going to get into the details of the trial until we have finalized it and I'll likely put it up on clinicaltrials.gov. And I'm really not at this point going to go into the details of what will be presented at SITC, beyond what's in the current abstract.
Richard S. Levy: So I'll take the first question. And what we look for is it has to be – generally these studies are going to be done as an add-on to the PD-1, where a PD-1 or PD-L1 has already established to be effective. So in order for those trials to come out positive, you have to have the expectation that the combination will be more effective than the mono therapy with the PD-1 agent alone. And then secondly, in terms of our profile in the cases where there is comparator data in the public domain with other doublets such as nivolumab and ipilimumab, we would be looking to at least mirror the efficacy in those trials with a safety advantage or potentially have clear efficacy advantages over those other doublets. And with respect to the designs of deals around other trials, I mean I'd ask somebody else to take that question.
Richard S. Levy: So this is Rich on your second question. So just to clarify, it's diabetic nephropathy, not diabetic neuropathy. It's about the kidney. Second, the decision as to exactly how and if that product will go into registration studies is up to Lilly and they have not announced their intentions as of yet. And we also have the option to buy into participation in that study as we bought into rheumatoid arthritis. And that period of time in which we make that decision has not come yet until we see the final development plan and cost in addition to the data that we've already seen from the Phase II study. But those decisions should be made in the next relatively modest period of time.
Richard S. Levy: So again, I'm not going to go into the details of how the data that will come out on Friday compared to the data here, other than to say that there are not major differences. And I don't want anybody to over-interpret that and say that there are differences that are just short of major. It's just I'm not really commenting. With respect to durability, the data are still early with respect to how far out patients have been followed. There will some durability presented, but it's not as long a follow-up as you would see for example from registration trials that already exist. So you'll get to see the data, but it is less mature in terms of how long these responses or stable disease last.
Richard S. Levy: The patients have to be naïve to pembrolizumab, but they can have had some degree of prior treatment with immunotherapies.
Richard S. Levy: Sure. So right now that molecule has entered into Phase I. Patients are now being dosed with it. We will first need to establish the safe dose with that drug and then potentially look at development both as monotherapy and in combination with our internal portfolio of agents that are potentially – are proven to be active in immunotherapy of cancer. But it is clearly behind and would not cause us to slow down any of our paths to registration with existing PD-1 or PD-L1 therapies.
Richard S. Levy: Oh, lung. You'll have to wait, but it is not an enormous number of patients at this point in time. More data will be coming, and we continue to enroll patients in each of these indications. With respect to LFTs, all I'd say is that we're quite happy with the emerging safety profile and we'd ask you to wait for the detailed data coming. And the last question was not a development question.
Richard S. Levy: This is Rich, on the first question. So the data that's in the abstract that was released this morning does show that in these patients the rate of all grade 3 or higher events, and they were all only grade 3, was lower than the relatively related grade 3s with the ipilimumab-nivolumab combination and there will be more robust data on that later in the week. And as we said, our goals here are both to be able to have more effective therapy than the background treatments – in this case, pembrolizumab – and in terms of comparison to establish combinations to either have better efficacy or equivalent efficacy and better safety. And as we said, we're pleased with the data so far and we look forward to sharing more data with you on Friday.
