Dave Hastings: Thanks, Pam, good morning everybody. I’ll start this morning with product revenue, which for the three months ended September 30th, 2012, was $43.7 million. As expected, this quarter we transitioned to the sell-in method from the sell-through method for revenue recognition. This means that we are now recognizing revenue when our product is received by the specialty pharmacy. As a result of this transition, included in net product revenue for the quarter is $9 million of previously deferred revenue from products shipped to our specialty pharmacy customers prior to June 30th, 2012. In our press release this morning, for comparative purposes we’ve provided a table showing Q3 as if we were still using the sell-through method which as you know is based on dispenses to patients. As that table shows, using the sell-through method our Q3 net product revenue would have been $34.5 million compared to $29.7 million in Q2. This 16% sequential growth in Jakafi dispensed to patients in Q3 supports our expectation of a steady and consistent launch. Our net product revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2012, were $92.7 million and we have tightened our guidance for 2012 to a range of $130 million to $135 million, which represents the upper end of the guidance we provided last quarter.  Our gross-to-net adjustment for product revenue recognized for Q3 was approximately $3.4 million or about 7.3%. As a reminder, this percentage will vary from quarter to quarter depending on our (inaudible) but it has been relatively consistent over the past few quarters. Our gross-to-net adjustment includes the following: fees to our specialty pharmacies, rebates to governmental payers, our share of the doughnut hole for Medicare Part B patients, copay assistance to eligible privately-insured patients, and any product returns. Our cost of goods sold was immaterial as our initial finished goods inventory was previously expensed as R&D prior to FDA approval. And in terms of operating expenses, both R&D and SG&A were within our expectations. In terms of cash we ended the quarter in a strong position with $244 million in cash and investments; that excludes $9.5 million in restricted cash held in escrow for interest payments through October, 2012, on our 4.75% convertible senior notes. To conclude, with the Jakafi launch going well and our expectation of future milestone royalty payments from our strategic partners, we are in a strong financial position. So with that, Paul, I’ll turn the call over to you.
Dave Hastings: I’ll deal with the R&D question. Yeah, we can’t get into specifics about what the investments will be over the next two or three years with Lilly. What I can say is that they’ve been thoroughly consistent in terms of the budgeting process, what those numbers look like when we first even negotiated the deal. We would expect R&D to go higher next year primarily driven by that investment. You’ll see that increase in ’13 and ’14 and then start to reduce in ’15.
Dave Hastings: Well, I think we have optionality and we’re at the point now where the earlier stage program, we certainly have the capital to continue to progress that; and then as the data becomes more apparent we can make strategic decisions at that point.
Jim Daly: Thank you very much, Paul, and good morning everyone. I am really excited to be a part of this Incyte team. As you can imagine, I did my homework before joining, and based upon the learnings I’m convinced that Jakafi represents an extraordinary opportunity to make a meaningful difference for patients with Myelofibrosis.  Not only is it first-in-class and the only FDA-approved treatment for a true unmet need, Jakafi simply provides remarkable clinical efficacy for patients. That said, there are always challenges in educating physicians and patients on the optimal initiation and maintenance of most truly novel therapies; and in my past experience with GSK and Amgen in launching such products in oncology and other specialty areas, when the efficacy benefits are strikingly perceptible to patients and physicians most other issues are highly, highly, highly manageable. In my short time at Incyte I have been greatly impressed by the level of talent and energy within the organization and the deep commitment to make a positive impact for patients. I look forward to working with my colleagues to continue to grow Jakafi and to develop and commercialize our future products. Back to Paul.
Jim Daly: Let me qualify that a little bit more for you, Thomas. First, we’re very pleased with the rate of new patient adds. As Paul indicated again in the formal remarks, we’ve seen a consistent number of patients added month-on-month in Q3 relative to Q2. So that’s encouraging. Physicians are having very little difficulty identifying new patients who are appropriate for Jakafi treatment. Now, just assuming that persistency is a plug, which you’re going to back in to persistency – that is the single most important lever from our perspective going forward in order to increase overall demand. And we’re focused on that very diligently and we are seeing early indications of improvement, but again, I think it’s too early to try and quantify those trends.Thomas Wei – Jefferies & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Jim Daly: Hi, Matt. First of all, Matt ,thanks very much for the question, and I fully agree with you that it really is a match made in heaven. And I’m thrilled to be here, both for the nature of the business opportunity but also because of the culture that I’ve found in the past couple weeks. In terms of what’s most important to me in terms of adding value to the organization, three things: Jakafi, Jakafi, Jakafi.  We really feel a sense of urgency to make sure that this product is made available to the patients who will experience profound benefit. So I’m looking forward to working very closely with the sales and marketing organization, spending a lot of time out in the field with our representatives and with key customers to get a firsthand understanding of the market, a firsthand appreciation for the opportunities as well as the barriers; and making sure that we’re doing everything we can to optimize successful trial so that we get the right dose, the right patient with the right expectation, and thereby earn the right to come back to physicians and ask them to put more patients on the product.
Jim Daly: Paul, I think from a sales force perspective, our responsibility is to remind physicians that this is not a one-size-fits-all product and that the benefits of titrating patients to the optimal dose are certainly worth the upfront investment of time on the part of physicians and patients. So I think that’s a fairly straightforward exercise and we’re committed to implementing it extremely well. Now, to the second part of your question which is a third of our prescribing audience, of our target audience have prescribed Jakafi – what’s going on with the others? Our market research indicates that the single most common reason for not having prescribed the product is they simply haven’t encountered an appropriate patient yet. So we’re confident that with continued effort we’ll be able to increase their adoption of Jakafi. Intent to prescribe it is extremely high. When we talk to these physicians and ask them about their intent to prescribe going forward, that’s a very encouraging metric for us.
Jim Daly: Rachel, to your question about the adjustments we would make going forward, let me first say that I have been extremely impressed by the professionalism and the sophistication of the launch plan for Jakafi as well as the execution. I think the team has done a first-class job in preparing this product for launch and executing extremely well in the first nearly year after launch. As I look at the biographies of our sales force, we’ve been very fortunate to recruit the brightest and the best people with deep, deep oncology experience. So beyond that, I think it’s premature to say what are the changes that we would be looking at making other than the fact that I have never seen a launch where you haven’t had three months, six months after launch to go back and make some adjustments in terms of your key launch assumptions. There is always a gap between theory and reality. You go back, you make the adjustments, you fine tune the plan and you go forward, and I think we’re in the process of doing that right now.Rachel McMinn – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And then just one quick follow up for Paul or Rich: on your JAK1 program, I’m just curious if you have any more comments in regards to inflammation versus Myelofibrosis. I would expect something with very limited JAK2 selectivity to not work in MF but clearly you feel differently because you’re running a study there, so what are appropriate expectations in that setting? Thanks.
Jim Daly: Hi David, this is Jim. David, I don’t want to get into a quantitative description of the components of total patients in the past quarter. I think it’s fair to say that the bulk of the patients in the past quarter were repeat patients. We had a fairly significant proportion that were new and the smallest proportion would have been restarted patients.
Jim Daly: If you take a look at our total base of patients in Q3 the majority are repeat patients. There is a significant component that are new and finally there’s a smaller component which is patients which are restarting the therapy.
Jim Daly: Hi, this is Jim. Actually the reimbursement situation is remarkably positive for this product. Right now we really don’t see reimbursement as being rate limiting to putting new patients on the product. If you want to break it down by payer we have 50% Medicare, 30% commercial and 10% will be kind of your VA, etc. So we have a very favorable reimbursement environment right now with Jakafi.
Jim Daly: Before we close off I do want to clarify my answer to the previous question, and the question was “How does your payer environment look and what’s your reimbursement mix?” So let me clarify that. 50% of our patients are commercial, and right now commercial payers are somewhat reluctant to create barriers for an orphan indication like Myelofibrosis. 30% of our patients are Medicare, and the issue there, because most of our patients there are on Part D is the doughnut hole; and we’ve been very successful in helping patients navigate through the doughnut hole. And then finally the remaining patients are a mix of VA, military, etc. So I hope that clarifies the earlier response.
Jim Daly: Well, I can speak to the question in respect to oncology and hematology. We’ll have the ASH meeting in December and there are typically ASH reviews that follow immediately thereafter, and this community is very quick to pick up on new data.
Jim Daly: I would be careful about false precision, but generally if you take a look at an ASCO meeting or an ASH meeting you will start to see a change of prescribing within one or two quarters after the meeting. Again, it takes time. It takes time for physicians, particularly when you’re dealing with a condition like Myelofibrosis. What’s very limiting is the next time the physician happens to see an MF patient.
Jim Daly: We’re working very intensely with the patient advocacy groups. There’s no better catalyst for a patient request than an MF patient hearing about a positive response in another patient. As a matter of fact, recent market research we’ve conducted have indicated almost 40% of patient trials are as a result of a patient request for the product, so clearly these patients are talking to each other and sharing the experience. And we’re trying to support that as much as possible.
Jim Daly: Thank you for the question. I’m going to pass it over to my colleague Rich, but what I can say very early is there is an X factor for oral. If you look at the RA market, there’s at least 10% to 20% of patients who refuse therapy with the [TNF] because it is injectable, so clearly there’s an X factor for oral. And then depending on the clinical studies, the label and the price, I think that will determine the point of entry of JAKs into the market.
Paul Friedman: Thanks, Jim, and welcome to the team. We look forward to your contributions to our continued success. And with that, Operator, let’s open the call for Q&A please.  
Paul Friedman: Well, we would probably not have highlighted both COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II in that way if the data was in our opinion not going to be supportive of a survival benefit in both studies. But what would you say, Rich? We’re kind of limited because of the abstracts haven’t come out yet.
Paul Friedman: Well, I think that’s good insight into what I was saying because we’ve made a lot of inroads into educating appropriately. I’ll let Rich answer about the label. I think it’s always better to ultimately have something in the label but in the meantime we’ve made great strides in getting these patients on the right dose.
Paul Friedman: I think you’d have to talk to Lilly about that.Joshua Schimmer – Lazard Capital Markets: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Paul Friedman: With respect to your first question, we have a nice mix of intermediate II and higher-risk patients. I don’t have the breakdown in front of me here but the majority of the patients who have been put on Jakafi would be categorized as either intermediate II or high risk but we are seeing a proportion of patients in the intermediate I category which I think is encouraging.
Paul Friedman: I’ll start and Rich can add to that. I don’t think we can give you parameters at this point until we gather some data on this JAK inhibitor with a different profile.
Paul Friedman: Okay, thanks very much. We appreciate all of you dialing in and the questions, and we’ll look forward to talking to you again in February on our Q4 call. And with that good morning.
Rich Levy: I think the abstracts are scheduled to come out on November 5th so it’s a short period of time before the level of clarity from the abstracts themselves and then maybe a little bit more details at the actual presentations. But we really look forward to that data because we totally agree that the more people are convinced that there is a survival advantage the more likely they will not only start less severe patients but the harder they will work to titrate the doses to keep patients on drug.
Rich Levy: This is Rich. You know, it’s hard to say in every single case but for the most part why patients have stopped is because they have not necessarily titrated to the right dose. And so I think the key is to educate those physicians as to the data that we now have suggesting, for example, the 10 mg BID dose is a very effective dose that doesn’t cause cytopenias for the vast majority of patients; and to try to get back to those sorts of things. But I mean to speak to every single patient without knowing the details, I can’t be sure.
Rich Levy: This is Rich. So I think part of the reason that the message may not have gotten through as well as we would have ideally hoped in the past around survival is that there were naysayers out there who were saying “Well, you only have an advantage over placebo in COMFORT-I but you don’t have an advantage over the vast available therapy in terms of survival in COMFORT-II.”  And so with people speaking against this at the same time that people were speaking for it, I think the message got diluted. I think that there’s a reasonable chance that if the COMFORT-II data were to show a survival difference that there would be much more of a consensus among thought leaders that this really is true, and that will then get down to the level of the community physician who is treating the majority of these patients. With respect to adding this to labeling, I think that’s still going to be very difficult given that the studies really weren’t planned. We didn’t think that we had the opportunity within these relatively small, short-term studies during the control period to be able to demonstrate this. And so at some point we will provide the data to FDA in a package and let them evaluate it, but I think the chances that this would actually lead to a true labeling claim at this point are small.  And I will point out that there’s histories of drugs that have done very well based on the type of data that gets out into the literature on survival without actually getting the claim. Was there a second part to your question that I missed?Cory Kasimov – JP Morgan Chase: Just on the persistency, the education around the dose titration.
Rich Levy: The titration… Our labeling does indicate that titration is an appropriate approach but doesn’t get into a great deal of specifics other than titrating for thrombocytopenia. And so we think it’s also important for those who are more concerned about dropping hemoglobin levels to know what they can do in the shorter term to get those hemoglobin levels up without the necessity for holding dose or transfusing. So we have data out there in the scientific community; we continue to talk about that at scientific exchanges and in response to requests for information, but the sales force can actually go out and talk quite a bit about the need for titration which is on-label information.Cory Kasimov – JP Morgan Chase: Thank you.
Rich Levy: So first of all, 39110, a JAK inhibitor with a different profile than ruxolitinib – we’re putting it into studies for which we already have data from our JAK1/JAK2 programs to be able to compare how that profile differs in diseases that we understand, and in where we can get data in a relatively short period of time. And those results will then determine whether or not we proceed further with those studies or go into different types of indications. And beyond that, in the absence of data I don’t really have further comments.Rachel McMinn – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks very much.
Rich Levy: Yeah, so I’ll just reiterate that I think it is better to have it in the label. It creates more opportunities to reach physicians who don’t take part in educational exercises, don’t ask additional questions, that sort of thing. In terms of the timing, we submitted it in August and we’re still waiting for a definitive [TOFA]. FDA has indicated in the past that they would continue to work with us to do this as soon as reasonably possible.Eric Schmidt – Cowen & Company: Thank you.
Rich Levy: So I really can’t get into specifics until the analysts meeting, the joint analysts meeting that will take place at ACR. I think those invitations have gone out; I can’t remember the exact day but it’s the evening of the actual presentation of the Phase II study. Just in general terms I would say that the studies will cover a range of patients, from those that are [Team F] for biologic experienced to [DMR] to methotrexate experienced to naïve patients with the attempt to get a broad label in RA. I’d also say that as we said before that certainly the program was tweaked based on the findings at the advisory committee for tofacitinib, particularly around their findings around structure to make sure that we had adequately powered studies there. And I think the nuances are key and hopefully we’ll have more information around that and an opportunity to ask more detailed questions around this. And Pam just showed me that that date is November 13th. Brian Abrahams – Wells Fargo Securities: Great, and then maybe just a quick follow-up. Can you speak to the role of JAK inhibitors in diabetic nephropathy, what you see as the market opportunity there and maybe if there are any differences in the economics within the partnership for that indication? Thanks.
Rich Levy: Sure. Paul, should I take that? So first of all, it’s quite clear that there is inflammation in the kidney and that there is elevated JAK levels in the kidney in diabetic nephropathy, and so a drug that can treat this potentially can have real beneficial effects in terms of maintaining renal function in patients with diabetic nephropathy. And if that actually works then that is a massive opportunity that makes things like RA pale in comparison according to the information that we’ve been given from Lilly, which I can’t get into any more detail than that. In terms of the economics, the deals are the same regardless of what we do which is we get to see Phase II data before we have to make a buy-in decision. They’re doing this trial now which I believe is posted on www.clinicaltrials.gov, and we will see results from that study before we decide whether we’re going to pay 30% of the going forward costs for that study. And so that’s one of the reasons we did the deal with Lilly, is because we get to pick and choose where we put our money based on actual proof of concept results.Brian Abrahams – Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks very much.
Rich Levy: So in terms of survival data in the package insert, I mean the traditional approach is you design a study or studies for survival. You define exactly when you’re going to look at the data and [spend your] alpha, so to speak; so if you do more than one analysis you have to describe in advance “how I’m going to spend…” Let’s say you start out with a target, a P value of .05 – if you look more than one time you have to distribute that. In this case we did not envision that within a six-month trial for COMFORT-I or within a one-year trial for COMFORT-II, with allowance for crossovers – even within those studies for patients that were doing poorly – that we really had any chance of showing survival. And so in terms of alpha spend, so to speak, we haven’t left alpha to continue to spend for these new analyses and I think it’s for that reason that there’s a low likelihood that FDA would say “Okay, you’ve demonstrated a survival benefit.” But if you consider the hurdles that we were up against here – designing studies that were too small ,we thought were too small for survival; allowing for crossover, which will tend to make things equal, not different over time; and also the fact that within COMFORT-II there were patients who were lost to follow-up and we were never able to find out if they were alive or dead early on because the protocol didn’t allow those patients to be followed, and the clear majority of those patients were patients who were on [back], who we could never say die sooner – all of those were hurdles. And despite that, we’re seeing the data that we haven’t actually shown you yet updated, but as you can obviously surmise positive data despite that. And I think as we get all of those things across to the community, including that it’s better than the best available therapy, I think that it will have a significant impact but perhaps not as great as if it were in the label and we could actively promote it. And that’s just it’s better than where we were, that’s for sure.
Rich Levy: I think what I was implying is that the structure study is now powered based on their very slow rate of progression in the control group, and so that study may be larger. But I’m not commenting on the overall size of the program including all the other studies. I think you’ll get a much better sense of that when Lilly talks about it, and we’ll be there on November 13th.
Rich Levy: It would be extraordinarily hard to do that these days. You know, I think with the data out there that there is almost certainly a survival benefit. To randomize patients and not let them cross over would be perhaps unethical; my view is that it would be, but also impractical. So it’s kind of a double-edged sword, but we’re happy to see that even within studies that would have a very difficult time demonstrating this that it really would be in my mind unethical to randomize patients to have to stay on therapy other than ruxolitinib.
Rich Levy: If I can just add to that, I think that the money that we’re spending as our 30% in [RA] with Lilly is money very well spent. The drug looks really, really good. We’re very excited about this and we can afford to do it.
Rich Levy: Lisa, I think also Lilly may comment on this in a couple weeks, but I think the things that are clear already are once a day versus twice a day and reduced number of drug interactions, because this drug doesn’t have… [The factor they’re delivering] doesn’t have the same enzyme inhibitions and interactions that tofacitinib does. I think the potential which needs to be proven in large Phase III trials is that it may have a better safety profile in terms of infections because it’s not a JAK3 inhibitor; and some of our data suggests that we may have actually a more profound response in Phase II than they did, but it’s really unfair to say that we know that’s going to hold up based on trials that were one, not comparative and were only a few hundred patients. But I think we have enough there that there will be a substantial market for Baricitinib, and the potential that it could actually be the number one JAK inhibitor for RA and potentially others if some of those potentials for the data come true despite a launch a few years later.
Rich Levy: So front line is largely methotrexate but the question, and I think it’s likely to stay that way in part because of payer preferences to start with something cheap; and also the fact that physicians are comfortable with the toxicities of methotrexate, although there’s certainly people who can’t take it and there’ll be some use in first line. I think the key is using this before anti TNF’s or other biologics.  My expectation is that Pfizer will blaze that path to a certain extent for the class, and so they may start off being used primarily, after at least the first if not more than one TNF. But as the safety of the class becomes more clear and as people become more convinced of the efficacy by using it themselves, the fact that it is an oral drug and some of the other advantages that it has that we kind of talked about, I think the real goal is to be able to say this would be after failure of DMRs or methotrexate for the most part; but would still then be used and will have clinical data that it can be used after failures of TNFs.
Rich Levy: But if you look at things like the anti-TNF market, and there are a number of anti-TNFs. Certainly the first one is no longer… Maybe it still is – I’m not sure which sells more, [Numera or Embrel]. 
Rich Levy: But still you wouldn’t sneeze at the market that a drug like Numera has, and I think those differences in the anti-TNFs are not enormous in my mind. So I personally don’t think you need huge differences to do really well in this area, but as I said in answer to Lisa’s question I think there is the potential for substantial differentiation and a clear expectation of enough differentiation. 
